Small children like to pull on things.
Small children lose position when a sibling is born.
Small children love big words.
Small children love repetition.
Small children love the terrors of the high seas too.
Small children love to explore and taste.
Small children love to get hugs, but young skin is especially sensitive.
Small children love to get into everything.
Small children love to play in the wading pool, and everyone can enjoy relaxing on the sun deck.
Small children name their stuffed toys and their imaginary friends.
Small children offer cigarettes for sale.
Small children play with handmade wire toys in the loose sand.
Small children produce more saliva.
Small children require no restriction following routine hernia repair.
Small children require supervision, it's that simple.
Small children ride free.
Small children ride little joeys rather than pedal bicycles to school.
Small children run back and forth between the play ground and the banks of the creek.
Small children run screaming with terror at the sight of a diver in a rebreather.
Small children seem to pick up language and local customs with no effort.
Small children selling postcards and shoeshining services can be quite ruthless.
Small children take frequent naps.
Small children take their parents as models.
Small children tend to create disturbances during performances.
Small children tend to fall into the categories of either visual or auditory learners.
Small children tend to put things in their mouths.
Small children tend to stick almost anything in their mouths.
Small children tend to try out their teeth on anything within reach.
Small children use a padded leg-strap saddle.
Small children use one pair of skis for all disciplines, and learn to jump, skate, slalom, etc.
Small children use pictures to rate their pain.
Small children use pictures with faces, ranging from smiling to crying, to rate their pain.
Small children use their mouth to measure the size of objects.
Small children watch television shows with fighting and guns.
Small children watch TV more than they do anything else but sleep.
Small children welcome in cottages.
Small children welcome.
Many small children prefer to drink their meals.
Many small children receive injuries or die in runover accidents each year.
Most small children are inquisitive and like to handle other's belongings.
Most small children become adults.
Most small children become young adults.
Most small children come in contact.
Most small children do, until they get brainwashed that receiving is a no-no.
Most small children get soil in their mouths.
Most small children have incredible aspira- tions and dreams.
Most small children recive peritoneal dialysis.
Some small children cause injuries.
Some small children cause serious injuries.
Some small children come into contact.
Some small children delight in showing off.
Some small children experience severe reaction.
Some small children fall into buckets.
Some small children form a special attachment to a stuffed animal or blanket.
Some small children have fever convulsions related to rapid increase in temperature.
Some small children kick cats.
Some small children swallow toothpaste.
Small china doll with unjointed limbs.
Small chocolate cookies on delicate white china plates fill the kitchen table.
Small choices can bring consequences that seem all out of proportion to the choices themselves.
Small chunks are best for stuffing into pita bread.
Small chunks are recommended.
Small church has potential for growth.
Small Churches Are Beautiful .
Small churches are called chapels.
Small churches are family churches.
Small churches are intimate.
Small churches are more likely to be ruled by a bully or two who live for control.
Small churches become family chapels.
Small churches can easily include testimonies and sharing times in their services.
Small churches come closest to being a ministry of the laity.
Small churches have character, but more so, characters, and they are usually very visable.
Small churches have unique gifts.
Small churches hire pastors to do what the family needs done.
Small churches learn the most effective way to work together.
Small churches make up most of our denomination.
Small churches minister well beyond their roles.
Small churches outperform large churches in seven out of the eight categories.
Small churches retain members better, partly through involvement and largely through relationships.
Small churches serve various ethnic and economic groupings of people.
Small churches tend to be lay-run organizations.
Small churches tend to be obsessed with a vision to survive.
Small churches use the elements especially appropriate for small worship groups.
Every small church has their own calendar around which they function.
Many small churches are in a rut.
Many small churches feel inferior.
Many small churches slip into a survival mentality, which seems to hasten their demise.
Most small churches spend little on evangelism and outreach.
Most small churches start with a time of fellowship with coffee and refreshments.
Some small churches are suspicious.
Some small churches expect the pastor to be in charge of keeping the facility clean.
Some small churches feel isolated.
Some small churches have a hard time feeling good about themselves.
Some small churches have members who are of a predominant ethnic background.
Small circles are circles drawn on a sphere that are smaller than the sphere.
Small circles are satellites to the large, dark core.
Small circles are tangent to the sides of the strip and inside the strip.
Small circles offer Bible study, Christian fellowship and ministries.
Small circles represent best-fit poles to cleavage planes for individual formations.
Small circles represent fixations and lines represent scan paths.
Small circles represent fixations contributing to clusters.
Small circles show selected city locations as labeled.
Some small circles represent atoms.
Small citizens spring with enterprise, urgently called by divine deadlines.
Many small cities are open to the possibility of purchasing water rather than producing it.
Many small cities offer the advantage of unspoiled landscapes within just a short drive.
Most small cities have at least one store that makes curtains.
Some small cities are completely computerised but they're surrounded by desert.
Small claims are a special matter.
Small claims are expensive for insurance companies to handle.
Small claims can actually be fair big claims to a starving artist.
Small claims is much friendlier than eviction court.
Small claims mod.
Small Claims Practice in the United States.
Small Claims Provides a forum where minor civil disputes are resolved quickly and inexpensively.
Many small claims arise from defective or misrepresented goods and services.
Some small clams use feet.
Small class consists of documents whose sizes are less than the median.
Small classes allow a personal relationship between teacher and students.
Small classes allow all students to participate in classes.
Small classes allow chefs to supervise and build hands-on skills.
Small classes allow dynamic interaction between professors and students, individually or in teams.
Small classes allow dynamic interaction with professors and in student groups.
Small classes allow easy and informal communication between faculty and students.
Small classes allow faculty members to provide individualized attention to students.
Small classes allow faculty to enjoy a lively interaction with students.
Small classes allow for a great deal of individual attention.
Small classes allow for a lively exchange between faculty and students, and dialogue is encouraged.
Small classes allow for carefully guided instruction in stroke technique and water safety.
Small classes allow for close student-faculty interaction.
Small classes allow for individual attention and create an atmosphere of friendship.
Small classes allow for individual attention and focus.
Small classes allow for individual attention and hands on experience.
Small classes allow for one on one instruction.
Small classes allow for personal attention to each child's learning needs.
Small classes allow for small laboratory sections and plenty of personal attention.
Small classes allow for the individual attention a student needs to develop skills and ability.
Small classes allow individual attention and interaction with professors and students.
Small classes allow individualized instruction and help from professors.
Small classes allow individuals to develop into highly motivated and involved students.
Small classes allow instructors to give individualized attention to the dancers.
Small classes allow interaction between the professors and the students.
Small classes allow opportunities for individualized learning.
Small classes allow personal attention from professors.
Small classes allow professors to know their students.
Small classes allow professors to really get to know their students.
Small classes allow students to meet and talk with the best.
Small classes allow students to receive considerable personal attention.
Small classes allow students to speak more with the teacher.
Small classes allow teachers to give each student individual instruction.
Small classes allow teachers to provide individual attention to every student.
Small classes allow work to be completed in a shorter length of time.
Small Classes are available for all business courses.
Small classes are best for learning quickly.
Small classes are expensive.
Small classes are more preventative than remedial in approach and benefit all students.
Small classes are nice, but there is such a thing as too small.
Small classes are part of the school's allure.
Small classes are quieter.
Small classes are the rule and faculty members know their students by name.
Small classes are the rule.
Small classes assure attention to individual needs.
Small classes assure each student individual help when desired.
Small classes assure outstanding student-teacher interaction.
Small classes assure students of opportunities for individual attention.
Small classes assure that each student is challenged as an individual.
Small classes can be very helpful in education in general.
Small classes contribute to an effective, enjoyable atmosphere conducive to easy learning.
Small classes contribute very much toward students' achievements.
Small classes emphasize individual attention.
Small classes enable faculty and students to know each other very well.
Small classes enable faculty to give individual attention to students.
Small classes enable our teachers to meet the student's individual needs.
Small classes enable students to benefit from individual instruction.
Small classes encourage academic achievement and growth.
Small classes encourage active participation from each student.
Small classes encourage active participation from students.
Small classes encourage active participation in discussions and projects.
Small classes encourage close interaction between instructors and students.
Small classes encourage discussion and discovery.
Small classes encourage discussion and the development of skills of argumentation.
Small classes encourage discussion and the interchange of ideas.
Small classes encourage group discussions and critical thinking.
Small classes encourage individualized attention from the instructors.
Small classes encourage intense intellectual engagement by both students and faculty.
Small classes encourage personal attention from faculty member.
Small classes encourage personal interaction with instructors and peers.
Small classes encourage strong professional and personal connections.
Small classes encourage the in-depth exploration of ideas.
Small classes ensure a personalized environment and plenty of individual attention from teachers.
Small classes ensure attention to the individual skills and developmental level of each child.
Small classes ensure cadets receive personal and individual attention.
Small classes ensure close personal attention to the academic and personal welfare of students.
Small classes ensure focused student-teacher interaction.
Small classes ensure individual attention.
Small classes ensure individual student attention.
Small classes ensure intimate dining.
Small classes ensure lots of personal instruction.
Small classes ensure personal attention and a chance to practice.
Small classes ensure personal attention.
Small classes ensure students access to faculty at any time.
Small classes ensure that each student gets individual attention.
Small classes ensure that each student's individual needs are addressed.
Small classes ensure that students receive individual attention.
Small classes ensure that students receive personal attention and help from instructors.
Small classes ensures personalized attention for all students.
Small classes facilitate academic success.
Small classes facilitate discussion, individual attention, and group activities.
Small classes facilitate easy interaction with faculty.
Small classes facilitate individual attention to every student.
Small classes facilitate individual instruction and attention for all students.
Small classes facilitate individual participation and attention.
Small classes facilitate individualized diagnosis and practice.
Small classes facilitate intense but friendly student-faculty interaction.
Small classes facilitate personal attention and provide ample opportunity for discussion.
Small classes facilitate professional interaction and foster esprit de corps.
Small classes facilitate the interactive learning process.
Small classes foster a sense of intimacy and individualism here.
Small classes foster individual attention to students' needs.
Small classes give maximum opportunity to speak and learn.
Small classes give students an edge.
Small classes give students and instructors a sense of familiarity.
Small classes give students individual attention.
Small classes give teachers the opportunity to provide individual attention to their students.
Small classes guarantee close individual attention.
Small classes guarantee individual attention and interaction between students is emphasized.
Small classes guarantee individual attention for everyone.
Small classes guarantee maximum learning progress.
Small classes guarantee quality instruction.
Small classes guarantee students more personalized instruction.
Small classes have a broad spectrum of benefits.
Small classes help students develop a comfortable, personal relationship with faculty.
Small classes impress people who rate colleges, as do high retention percentages.
Small classes insure a productive workshop experience, and early registration is recommended.
Small classes insure individual attention at all time.
Small classes insure individualized attention and access to all resources.
Small classes insure personal attention.
Small classes keep the educational process personal.
Small classes lead to meaningful exchanges of ideas and perspectives.
Small classes led by experienced teachers ensure good individual attention.
Small classes make for personal attention from a nationally-recognized faculty.
Small classes make it easy to get involved in discussions.
Small classes make it possible for faculty to respond to individual needs.
Small classes make possible personalized instruction and advising.
Small classes maximize individual attention.
Small classes mean individualized attention.
Small classes mean more individual attention.
Small classes mean more opportunities for personal attention from professors.
Small classes mean more personal instruction.
Small classes mean personal attention from faculty.
Small classes mean staff and students get to know each other.
Small classes mean students form strong personal friendships with other students and faculty.
Small classes means more individual attention, and professors that are approachable.
Small classes offer a one on one exchange between teachers and students.
Small classes offer an ideal setting, fostering close relationships with students.
Small classes offer an opportunity for personal attention from professors.
Small classes offer each participant ample opportunity for discussion with instructors.
Small classes offer individual attention and support.
Small classes offer personal attention.
Small classes optimize opportunities for interaction between faculty and students and for practice.
Small classes permit abundant opportunities for each child to receive individual attention .
Small classes permit personalized teaching.
Small classes permit plenty of practice.
Small classes promote interaction among teachers and students.
Small classes promote performance opportunities, leadership qualities, and musical growth.
Small classes provide a stimulating yet supportive atmosphere in which every student can thrive.
Small classes provide all dance students with in-depth experience in all performance areas.
Small classes provide an enriched educational environment for both students and faculty.
Small classes provide an excellent context for interaction and discussion.
Small classes provide for real personal guidance and close contact between students and faculty.
Small classes provide individual attention and guidance throughout the program.
Small classes provide individual attention.
Small classes provide individualized attention.
Small classes provide more individual attention.
Small classes provide opportunity for group discussion and individual graduate adviser attention.
Small classes provide plenty of attention and personal help.
Small classes provide students with more individual attention than at a four-year institution.
Small classes provide students with the extra attention and support to accomplish their goals.
Small classes provide the atmosphere that fosters academic risk-taking and achievement.
Small classes provide the opportunity for intensive practice.
Small classes provide the opportunity for personal attention.
Small classes represent another inefficient use of faculty resources.
Small classes support a commitment to a high level of civil discourse conducted on a human scale.
Small classes taught by competent, dedicated professors provide an excellent academic environment.
Small classes taught by experienced scholars give the opportunity for interactive learning.
Small classes translate into heightened competition for members among the student groups.
Many small classes have prerequisite courses which enroll large numbers of students.
Small classrooms provide individualized instruction in a highly structured setting.
Small clinics are run by one or more general practitioners or practice managers .
Small clinics are run by one or more general practitioners or practice managers.
Small clots can block pressure catheters, and prevent pulse waves from reaching the transducer.
Small clots can dislodge and go to the brain or other parts of the body from the mitral valve.
Small clots form imparing perfussion.
Some small clots break up by themselves as they move through the blood stream.
Small clothespins hold it all in place while it dries.
Small clouds can generate electricity.
Small clubs have a smaller margin of error when it comes to player development.
Small clumps are easier to work with than big unruly bundles.
Small clumps clump into larger clumps.
Small clumps sweep through the disk, becoming larger and larger.
Small clusters form thorough positive feedback, and then the clusters coalesce.
Small cockroaches are more likely to die on their backs than large cockroaches.
Small collectors can have their axis tilted up to increase the solar radiation on the collector.
Small colleges are financially and administratively efficient.
Small colleges are jewels.
Small colleges are often somewhat isolated in communities that can be oppressively left.
Small colleges can offer courses taught by some of the world's leading scholars.
Small colleges can often carry out interdisciplinary projects more easily than large schools.
Small colleges emphasize values.
Small colleges face other challenges in recruiting the best young minds.
Small colleges focus on the education of the undergraduate student.
Small colleges offer curricula and a teaching environment with important advantages.
Small colleges provide an education for a lifetime.
Small colleges provide high quality education to all kinds of students.
All small colleges claim to have close community - but there are wide differences.
Most small colleges lack facilities for significant research.
Small colonies contain individuals.
Small colonies do very well in planted vivarium.
Most small colonies contain individuals.
Some small colonies occupy patches.
Small comets are just camera noise.
Small comfort lies in things as yet unknown.
Small commissions are welcome.
Small commitments lead to big ones.
Small communities appear nearby along the coast line, and occasionally the site is visited.
Small communities appear to face a greater possibility of failure.
Small communities are apt to have fewer distractions for students than large cities.
Small communities are concerned with infrastructure.
Small communities are generally less prepared and know little about their vulnerability to drought.
Small communities are much more vulnerable when a large employer leaves.
Small communities are now the major beneficiaries of the program.
Small communities dot the landscape, where people still live the old way of life.
Small communities exist in Europe as well, especially in France, Portugal and Hungary.
Small communities have people.
Small communities lie every few kilometers, except for the stretch along the shore.
Small communities lie every few kilometers.
Small communities offer local galleries, playhouses, dinner theatres and historic dramas.
Small communities put displays in store windows, libraries or other public places.
Small communities result in fewer choices and closer inter-marriages.
Many small communities depend on the success of agriculture for their sustainability.
Many small communities lack the resources to adequately document their existing needs.
Most small communities have medical centers equiped to deal with minor problems.
Most small communities have people.
Most small communities rely on volunteer boards, unsupported by trained staff.
Some small communities are lucky to have had the foresight to establish local historical societies.
Some small communities have managers who are either volunteers or part-time employees.
Small companies act quickly because the same reasons.
Small companies are a lot easier to picture.
Small companies are a real powerhouse of job creation in the United States.
Small companies are able to access a global market, too.
Small companies are able to manage the entire company at once.
Small companies are also a superb training ground for amateur actors of any age.
Small companies are also able to register themselves as a domain using the software.
Small companies are critical to our country both within and outside of it.
Small companies are easy to depict.
Small companies are exempt from some federal employment laws.
Small companies are extremely vulnerable because of their limited resources to guard against theft.
Small companies are in a much better position than their larger brethren to expand their businesses.
Small companies are increasingly under pressure to register.
Small companies are integral to our communities.
Small companies are likely to be acquired in the rush to market dominance.
Small companies are more aggressive and flexible to customers' needs and payment abilities.
Small companies are more agile in turbulent times.
Small companies are numerous, but still financially weak and, in many cases, fighting for survival.
Small companies are often able to attract people who think outside the box.
Small companies are the backbone of international trade.
Small companies are typically concerned.
Small companies attract class action suits when the investor feels humiliated or exposed.
Small companies band together to make themselves a more attractive risk.
Small companies believe government regulations are more problematic than do large firms.
Small companies benefit, too.
Small companies can act big, but they still have to do it all.
Small companies can act big.
Small companies can adapt quickly to market changes.
Small companies can benefit greatly from the right arrangement with an outsourcing partner.
Small companies can compete with larger companies, because IT can do much of what a large staff do.
Small companies can compete with major corporations.
Small companies can give more personal service and more attention.
Small companies can look very impressive.
Small companies can manage fine with low-end Web stores or hosted storefront services.
Small companies can partner with larger businesses.
Small companies can usually begin shipping much faster.
Small companies compete just as effectively as large companies.
Small companies competing in standardized product areas face serious challenges.
Small companies continue to dominate the Polish retail market.
Small companies create and destroy jobs at a higher rate , since they start from a smaller base.
Small companies fail, or disappoint, at a much higher rate than big ones do.
Small companies fear the involvement of the government in business.
Small companies get an advantage over big ones.
Small companies give nice, steady business with lots of reorders.
Small companies hate it.
Small companies have a big advantage when it comes to Internet advertising.
Small companies have a lot to offer.
Small companies have a significant impact on the local economy.
Small companies have an advantage over large ones in keeping close contact with staff.
Small companies have at least one PC today.
Small companies have fewer resources to respond to sudden increases in workload.
Small companies have limited options for getting on the Web.
Small companies have little of the infrastructure support that exists in big companies.
Small companies have the ability to use creativity on a more timely basis.
Small companies have to get ready too.
Small companies have to grow, even if opportunistically.
Small companies have very limited resources for looking at advanced concepts.
Small companies hire on an as needed basis.
Small companies innovate best.
Small companies lack the capital to launch satellites and string entire cities with cable.
Small companies offer a sustainable approach to community and economic development.
Small companies offer opportunity to advance at a faster rate.
Small companies offering focussed services seem ok.
Small companies pay royalties on the market price of crude.
Small companies play a large role in computer information transactions.
Small companies provide a wide variety of suppliers.
Small companies reach the end of the road and disappear.
Small companies remain a good source of jobs for new graduates.
Small companies see it as a powerfull source of info to increase their biz.
Small companies see technology licensing to be a great way to develop a proprietary advantage.
Small companies supply larger manufacturers, who set terms of business.
Small companies survive on their ability to gain the acceptance of the people.
Small companies tend to be more likely to recruit informally than do larger ones.
Small companies tend to be staffed more sparingly than larger companies.
Small companies tend to have limited product lines, markets or financial resources.
Small companies tend to underinvestigate and to dive in too fast.
Small companies use processing power to compete with larger competitors.
Small companies work on very little capital.
Small company can do all the owner wants, faster and cheaper.
Small company experience a plus.
Small company wins government contracts .
All small companies suffer from a focus on production rather than management.
Any small company has to take into account the Japanese banking structure setup.
Every small company needs to take to heart the meaning of focus.
Every small company passes through a phase of creative chaos.
Many small companies are more willing to spend money on research than on lawyers.
Many small companies are successful in running their business off a single PC or small network.
Many small companies didn t make it through the war years, closing their doors for good.
Many small companies gamble on untried designers.
Many small companies have big dreams.
Many small companies run into trouble.
Many small companies service the large companies.
Many small companies set up advisory boards of outside professional people.
Many small companies set up advisory boards or outside professional people.
Many small companies use agencies to avoid the hassle of pre-selection.
Many small companies use spreadsheets and homegrown accounting packages to work out their wages.
Many small companies utilize only non-probability sampling methods in their research.
Many small companies view the move into e-commerce with trepidation.
Most small companies do it through stock growth.
Most small companies find daily or even weekly content updates unsupportable.
Most small companies go through two to four years without any profits in many cases.
Most small companies operate quietly.
Most small companies rely on voice mail for patrons to leave ticket reservations.
Some small companies fill the bill.
Some small companies hire persons without a college degree for underwriter trainee positions.
Some small companies provide trains.
Some small companies specialize in bicycle safety education.
Some small companies specialize in education.
Some small companies think the contest criteria are stacked in favor of large organizations.
Small compartments heighten the intensity of liqueurs, tequilas, and vodkas.
Small complaints can generate big improvements.
Small complexes are apartment buildings with less than six units.
Small complexes are poor complement activators and can continue to circulate for many days.
Small components are useful for making property list dialogs.
Most small components are the same.
Small composites are only a few dollars more expensive than amalgam and last just as long.
Many small compound leaves with three to seven leaflets, clothe the branches.
Most small compounds are gasses at room temperature and pressure.
Small concentrations are present in all lakes, streams, oceans and seas.
Small cones appear on mature branches.
Small conferences are welcome at the inn for parties of six to eight.
Small conferences welcome.
Small congregations are at the crossroads, byways, and pathways that bring people together.
Small congregations are difficult to maintain.
Small congregations are the norm.
Small congregations find it difficult to afford and attract a full-time pastor.
Small congregations provide rich opportunities for mature faith formation.
Many small congregations worry about keeping their doors open.
Some small congregations function without even written budgets.
Small consolation is better than none.
Small consumers can get lower prices normally given only to a large consumer.
Small contacts are also of great value in keeping the child's home and school life in touch.
Small containers are very cheap.
Small containers control root growth and pruning shapes the healthy tree.
Small containers dry out quickly.
Small containers mean more packaging.
Small containers provide little root space and dry too quickly in summer.
Small containers used for starting plants dry out quickly.
Many small containers are safer than one or more large containers.
Some small containers float in warm water.
Some small containers float in water.
Some small containers have little rooms.
Some small containers have rooms.
Some small containers line with paper towels.
Some small containers line with soft paper towels.
Some small containers line with soft towels.
Some small containers line with towels.
Some small containers line with wet paper towels.
Some small containers line with wet towels.
Small contests start.
Small contractors are an important part of a typical construction industry structure.
Small contractors welcome.
Most small contractors try to put too much into their message.
Small contributions add up and support research, learning and teaching.
Small contributions add up.
Small contributions are very important.
Small contributions help and so, of course, do big ones.
Small contributions help as well.
Small contributions help, and so do big ones.
Small contributions help.
Small contributions make a big difference.
Small contributions yield big rewards.
Many small contributions can add up to considerable support for worthwhile projects.
Some small contributions have effects.
Small control fins on the tail of the bomb adjust to guide it as it falls.
Small conversations keep the enclosing at a minimal buzz.
Most small converters consists of little more than a step-down transformer and a rectifier.
Small convertibles can look a little awkward.
Small cookies are crisp, larger cookies are chewy.
Small cooperatives benefit by tapping into the processing facilities of larger cooperatives.
Small cords can run into structural problems and undesirable reynolds numbers .
Small corrections are sufficient to start the job.
Small correlations can have large impacts.
Small correlations lead to more circular ellipses.
Small cottage sleeps six, large cottage sleeps eight people.
Small councils deal with immediate problems confronting small work groups.
Small countries are right to be wary of propaganda, because it is a form of political manipulation.
Small countries can have a big impact on the Rugby World Cup.
Small countries can have a web page.
Small countries do produce sublime talent.
Small countries envy and are very jealous of the bigness of the U.S., Australia and Canada.
Small countries tend to be more specialized in terms of production.
Small country are against family planning.
Small country remains popular with tourists Israel is a small country by nearly any measure.
Small counties have very different issues.
Some small counties use paper ballots, or mechanical voting machines.
Small courses mean personalized attention.
Small courtesies can make a big difference, particularly when someone is new on the beat.
Small courtesies pay large dividends.
Small coves provide natural shelters for fishing boats.
Small coves warm fairly evenly.
Many small coves invite exploration.
Small crabs are an ideal bait for wrasse.
Small crabs are probably the most important food of the scorpionfish.
Small crabs inch up an outside wall and sometimes parade boldly across the verandah.
Small crabs molt frequently with molt frequency decreasing as carapace width increases.
Small crabs take anywhere from two to four days and large crabs a week to two weeks.
Some small crabs eat crabs.
Small cracks are natural to the process.
Small cracks are relatively inexpensive to repair.
Small cracks begin to form.
Small cracks can form from the vibrations of the spinning drum full of clothes.
Small cracks can spread due to prolonged vibration.
Small cracks can weaken the shell and the foam can be crushed.
Small cracks form, first on the bottom of the asphalt because that gets stretched the most.
Small cracks start to form as the traffic load beats on the pavement each day.
Some small cracks begin to appear in the band's personal chemistry.
Small craft enter through a lock.
Small craft scuttle to and fro among destroyers and minesweepers.
Small crafts are boats.
Most small craft use only cotton.
Small crappie are abundant.
Small crashes happen all the time.
Small craters are absent because small meteorites burn up or disintegrate in the thin atmosphere.
Small craters cover some regions, and plains with ridges extend over other areas.
Small craters have a relatively short lifespan.
Small creatures adapt to life.
Small creatures are observed in their habitat and any displacement of rocks or logs is repaired.
Small creatures are often more mobile than their larger counterparts.
Small creatures call only for the lightest pressures.
Small creatures capture prey.
Small creatures feed on leaves.
Small creatures grow large.
Small creatures have ability.
Small creatures join in harmony.
Small creatures live in habitats.
Most small creatures adapt to life.
Most small creatures capture prey.
Most small creatures feed on leaves.
Most small creatures have ability.
Most small creatures live in habitats.
Some small creatures attract predators.
Some small creatures go through radiation.
Some small creditors insist on credit card payments.
Small creeks can cause major problems with the large increase in paved surfaces.
Small creeks continue to flood low lying areas.
Many small creeks make a large river .
Small crickets can climb up the silicone bead on the inside edges of aquariums.
Small crickets go down easier than large ones.
Small crocodiles eat insects, frogs, and other small animals living in or near water.
Small crowds do suck, but they have their advantages.
Small crowns mount with a single center support.
Small crustacean competes with small fish for food and reproduces rapidly.
Small crustaceans are also an essential part of their diet.
Small crystals add contrast and beauty to a collection.
Small crystals cascade towards the base from the curve.
Small crystals cluster at the base.
Small crystals evolve into large crystals.
Small crystals form at temperatures slightly below the freezing point of the fruit.
Small crystals form in cool syrups that are constantly stirred.
Small cubes help the cheese melt more evenly.
Some small cubes have benefits.
Small cultivars work well as an annual ground cover, as an edging, or in pots or window boxes.
Small cups limit the amount of water to sponge up when accidents occur.
Some small cups fill with liquid nitrogen.
Some small cups fill with nitrogen.
Some small cups fill with vinegar.
Small cutout is appprox.
Small cutters are available for winter sleigh rides.
Small cutters are lightweight and safer than a knife.
Some small cycads exhibit continuous growth.
Some small cycads exhibit growth.
Small cysts appear on the tubules of the kidney.
Small cysts are usually asymptomatic and are discovered only incidentally.
Small cystoceles are common.
Some small dairies exist near Salmon.
Small daisies grow in the cut, preserving the shape.
Small dams are useful as ditch checks.
Small dams can be a sustainable and economic source of electricity, especially in rural areas.
Small dams require good design practices.
Small databases are database small enough to be used on personal computers.
Small deals add up as well.
Small dealers increase the number of users and ultimately are the people who become large dealers.
Small debris flows in loose sediment at the base of a roadcut.
Small decorations have a tendency to get lost in the crowd and fail to be impressive.
Small deductions grow into large gifts.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
Small deeds done are better than huge plans that linger.
Small delays are quite tolerable.
Small demonstrations are useful wherever possible.
Small departments are the most unreliable.
Small departments lack support and resources to engage in fund-raising activities.
Small departments promote teamwork, creativity, and flexibility.
Small deposit is Required.
Small deposits are found in many states of the union.
Small depressions begin to form in the ice and the more dense saline water flows down.
Small depressions filled with flood water provide an excellent breeding ground for bacteria.
Small derivations cause a huge error in the extrapolated results.
Small design is an additional premium.
Small design makes it comfortable to use and easy to hide.
Small design shows girl with horn.
Small desire produces small results just as small fires produce little heat.
Small detail is non existent.
Small details add reality.
Small details are important.
Small details are often the best way to illustrate how ordinary people interact in daily life.
Small details become important hints.
Small details can also be a problem.
Small details can be overwhelming.
Small details can be very important.
Small details can bring things to life.
Small details can decide the winning teams.
Small details can quietly represent an entire season, and often provide a more intimate view.
Small details come and go as they are covered and then uncovered by sand and dust.
Small details count.
Small details make a big impact.
Small details make articles longer.
Small details matter little so long as the general effect is good.
Small details overshadow major events.
Small details tend to flicker when the camera moves.
Every small detail is a joy to behold.
Every small detail is taken care of.
Every small detail makes a significant difference.
Many small details can make the most enormous changes in the atmosphere.
All small developers can submit to it and the programs can be tested and reviewed.
Most small developers do.
Small developments providing for local needs are likely to be most appropriate.
Any small deviation gets magnified, and the model is fundamentally flawed.
Small device can hold lots of books and incorporates a dictionary.
Small device have a small screen spaces, but network speed is becoming very fast.
Small diagrams get very cramped and are difficult to make notes on.
Small dials have short hubs and shallow-etched figures.
Small diameter is on the left.
Small diamonds are precision set in pave, channel or prongs.
Small diamonds cost less per carat than larger stones of equal quality.
Small diesels gain even more.
Small differences accumulate into significant effects.
Small differences add up over time.
Small differences are all that is necessary to distinguish between subspecies.
Small differences are important.
Small differences can be statistically significant for large groups.
Small differences can result in widely different answers.
Small differences do crop up.
Small Differences do exist from one callback program to the next when signing up.
Small differences exist between the two classifications at the unit group level.
Small differences imply high amorphization susceptibility and vice versa.
Small differences loom large.
Many small differences are statistically significant due to the large number of surveys completed.
Some small differences do exist.
Many small directories lack a professional look and feel.
Small disasters are much more likely to happen, however, and in some environments seem inevitable.
Small disasters takes in a large amount of water rapidly.
Small discs are very convenient and inconspicuous.
Small discomfort can occur such as local numbness and hardening of the dermis.
Small discs turn into functional frisbees.
Small dishes have edges.
Small dishes have sharp edges.
Most small dishes have edges.
Most small dishes have sharp edges.
Small disks require less downward force for penetration.
Small disorders lead to larger and larger ones, and perhaps even to crime.
Small disruptions can become magnified.
Small distances are difficult to measure by observing latitude.
Small distributors can take advantage of other technologies, as well.
Small districts are particularly vulnerable.
Small districts can have wide swings from year to year.
Small districts get the most money per student under the current state formula.
Small divisions take many years to mature.
Many small docks operate around the city .
Many small docks operate around the city.
Small dog is only possible on request.
Small dog walk on site.
Small dogs are at risk of developing small dog syndrome if they feel leaderless.
Small dogs are best for apartments.
Small dogs are extremely quick to avail themselves of any opportunity to escape confinement.
Small dogs are great alert dogs.
Small dogs are in a separate room, and medium sized and larger dogs are in runs.
Small dogs are located in animal shelter.
Small dogs are located in apartment buildings.
Small dogs are located in apartment complexs.
Small dogs are located in apartment houses.
Small dogs are located in arms.
Small dogs are located in asses.
Small dogs are located in backpacks.
Small dogs are located in backyards.
Small dogs are located in barbeques.
Small dogs are located in baskets.
Small dogs are located in beds.
Small dogs are located in big cities.
Small dogs are located in big houses.
Small dogs are located in boxs.
Small dogs are located in cages.
Small dogs are located in carriers.
Small dogs are located in cars.
Small dogs are located in chinese food.
Small dogs are located in chinese restaurants.
Small dogs are located in circus.
Small dogs are located in cities.
Small dogs are located in coffins.
Small dogs are located in collars.
Small dogs are located in condos.
Small dogs are located in dog shows.
Small dogs are located in fairs.
Small dogs are located in games.
Small dogs are located in good hands.
Small dogs are located in handbags.
Small dogs are located in heat.
Small dogs are located in homes.
Small dogs are located in laboratories.
Small dogs are located in laps.
Small dogs are located in larger dogs.
Small dogs are located in living rooms.
Small dogs are located in maines.
Small dogs are located in movies.
Small dogs are located in nursing homes.
Small dogs are located in pars.
Small dogs are located in photographs.
Small dogs are located in places.
Small dogs are located in small boxs.
Small dogs are located in small homes.
Small dogs are located in small houses.
Small dogs are located in suburbs.
Small dogs are located in sun.
Small dogs are located in trailer parks.
Small dogs are located in trash.
Small dogs are located in trees.
Small dogs are located in vets.
Small dogs are located in yards.
Small dogs are more likely to wear clothes.
Small dogs can also eat a teaspoon a day, while large dogs can have a tablespoon.
Small dogs can float around on our lily pads.
Small dogs can get adequate exercise running around inside.
Small dogs enjoy life.
Small dogs have a much larger relative brain size than large dogs.
Small dogs have big needs.
Small dogs have fur.
Small dogs have thick fur.
Small dogs love the taste and the bites are small enough.
Small dogs mature much earlier and larger ones take more time.
Small dogs reach adulthood.
Small dogs reach weight.
Small dogs tend to be more active and excitable than larger ones.
Small dogs tend to have more dental problems.
Small dogs tend to live longer than large dogs.
Small dogs weigh pounds.
Small dogs welcome.
Most small dogs enjoy life.
Most small dogs have fur.
Most small dogs have thick fur.
Most small dogs reach adulthood.
Most small dogs reach weight.
Most small dogs weigh pounds.
Some small dogs are OK with children but are fragile if handled roughly.
Some small dogs become prey.
Some small dogs make more noise than larger dogs.
Some small dogs suffer injuries.
Small doll face close to big doll.
Small doll is also available as a magnet.
Small dolphins appear on top of the small barrel.
Small donations are most welcome.
Small donations are welcome, however, to help cover the on-line connection time costs.
Small donations are welcome.
Small donations made by individual members support the group.
Small donations welcome.
Many small donations can add up to a large slice of one's required budget.
Small doses can impair concentration, learning, and memory functions.
Small doses can kill, causing failure of just about everything in the body.
Small doses can provide significant analgesia in first stage.
Small doses create a feeling of euphoria.
Small doses make gout worse.
Small doses raise blood pressure.
Small doses result in a euphoric feeling, copious red saliva and an increased flow of energy.
Small doses work best.
Small doses can be fatal to adults.
Small doses create a feeling of euphoria.
Small doses exhibit little effect. - Empty bottles of cough medicine or paregoric.
Small doses is what the short story format provides.
Small doses save on freight bills.
Small dots are grave markers.
Small dots dry as fast as one minute per mil.
Small dots forms light tones, large dots form darker tones.
Small dots show the hydrographic locations used to contour salinity.
Some small dots tend to wash off the screen, or fall on a thread intersection.
Small dragons do minor mischief, such as making roofs leak, or causing rice to be sticky.
Small drawer opens on bottom for extra earrings or jewelry.
Small dreams are OK though.
Small drips cost big bucks.
Small drops are roughly spherical because they are held together by surface tension.
Small drops are spherical but the big ones flatten out into an oblate shape.
Small drops cause the mighty ocean.
Small drops tend to be round, while larger drops flatten into hamburger shapes as they fall.
Small droplets are in a metastable state where they tend to spontaneously evaporate.
Small droplets are placed in cells and the bees fan their wings to evaporate most of the water away.
Small droplets collide and coalesce until they form a drop large enough to fall.
Small droplets improve the coverage by creating more surface area for a given volume.
Small droplets produced by coughing are probably the most effective means of transmission.
Small droplets take more time to fall to the ground and can thus drift farther.
Small droplets tend to drift, so it is better to use nozzles that produce a large droplet.
Small drumlins occur at the crystalline-sedimentary bed transition.
Small dunes form parallel ridges on the lowland between many of the mesas near the top of the image.
Small dunes provide ramps and jumps.
Small dust particles suspend in air.
Small dwellings can be very comfortable and can offer as much livability as some large dwellings.
Small ears help it to reduce loss of body heat.
Small earthquakes are common in Maine.
Small earthquakes are relatively common.
Small earthquakes are very common.
Small earthquakes happen in the region frequently.
Small earthquakes occur all of the time with no adverse effects.
Small earthquakes occur from time to time in Kansas.
Small earthquakes rupture small faults or small sections of large faults.
Many small earthquakes occur in the area surrounding the magma as the rocks break.
Small economies are unable to capitalise on economies of scale.
Small ecosystems can be parts of larger ecosystems.
Small edible fruit has sweet taste.
Small edible fruit has taste.
Small eels feed on insect larvae, molluscs, worms, and crustaceans.
Small effects are possible from direct deposition on the biomass.
Small effects are very difficult to prove.
Small efforts are important, too.
Small efforts are underway at several government laboratories.
Small efforts can add up to giant results.
Small efforts can deliver big gains.
Small efforts can have large impacts.
Small efforts made inside and out can make a big difference.
Every small effort can make a difference.
Small eggs hatch small chicks Set only standard or large sized eggs.
Small electric motors spin blades.
Small electric motors spin fan blades.
Small electrode is ideal for pediatric patients.
Some small electromagnets use batteries.
Some small electromagnets use materials.
Small elements make a big impact.
Small elites can no longer make major technological, ecological, or economical decisions.
Small embryos dissolve, but some exceed a critical size and continue to grow.
Small employer plan new tax credits.
Small employers are hard pressed to provide added health care also.
Small employers are more likely than large ones to purchase dental benefits through a health plan.
Small employers are now almost as likely as large ones to offer a managed-care plan.
Small employers are often scared to take new people on.
Small employers are, of course, likely to look for low-cost training methods.
Small employers can also now get instant quotes over the Web.
Small employers can even submit a rate request online.
Small employers can find health insurance coverage for their workers at many points of contact.
Small employers can pop up and disappear quickly.
Small employers claim to have the advantage there.
Small employers make contributions on behalf of their employees.
Many small employers have little idea of the services offered by law schools today.
Many small employers tend to hire experienced mechanics.
Small enclosures mark the line's start and end.
Small engines are a significant source of air pollution.
Small engines are started by hand cranking using a recoil starter or hand crank .
Many small engines prioritize alphabetical hierarchy.
Most small engines are throttle controlled.
Small ensembles are active in performances on and off campus.
Small enterprise is the model for the future.
Small enterprise ranges from corner newspaper vending to the development of optical fibers.
Small enterprises are also an invaluable source of job experience for America's workers.
Small enterprises are an integral part of any healthy economy.
Small enterprises are enterprises with max.
Many small enterprises are unable to market their goods effectively in existing markets.
Some small enterprises use electric motors.
Some small enterprises use engines.
Some small enterprises use motors.
Some small enterprises use steam engines.
Small entities pay lower fees.
Small entrepreneurs take enormous risks.
Small entry porches with decorative wooden porch supports are frequently present.
Small envelopes can be hard to find.
Small equations look fine.
Small equipment is a problem as it can easily get lost or stolen.
Small equipment left on the floor hampers wheelchair users and others with limited mobility.
Small equipment requires special justification.
Small ergs are present in most desert regions.
Small errors can be big headaches later .
Small errors occur frequently and are therefore more probable than large ones.
Small eruptions occur every few minutes, with larger eruptions ocurring occasionally.
Small eruptions occur in places.
Most small eruptions occur in places.
Small establishments account for the remainder.
Small establishments are, however, likely to be independent firms.
Small estates use an abbreviated, 'small estates' procedure.
Most small estates benefit from an informal probate proceeding.
Small events become disasters, and crises become unmanageable.
Small events can drive a system into a cycle of activity.
Small events can easily lead to major life changes.
Small events can make a huge difference to the day.
Some small examples are on-line.
Small exons are harder to predict.
Every small expense is a big decision.
Small explosions go off.
Small exposures cause shortness of breath and decreased alertness.
Small eye is the mouse model for aniridia.
Small face holds all the way to the top, no resting.
Small factions divide community.
Small factions evolve.
Small factories produce foods, textiles and furniture.
Small failures lead to incremental improvements.
Small faires are popping up everywhere it seems.
Small families are easy to define.
Small families are more likely to be happy than large families.
Small family is about a deserted soldier from the Vietnam war, who lives in Sweden.
Small family is essential for prosperity.
Small family run business with a positive resident oriented staff.
Small family run guest house which is part of a working farm.
Small family run home.
Small family run hotel of excellent quality, good food and friendly atmosphere.
Small family run hotel with fifteen letting rooms.
Small family run hotel with good English food.
Small family run hotels.
Small family run rural hotel.
Small family run site on working farm.
Small family run skilled nursing facility.
Small fans await the swim exit.
Small farms add a lot to the communities in which they are located.
Small farms appear to be losing to corporate farms.
Small farms are a significant part of American agriculture.
Small farms are an important part of our heritage.
Small farms are difficult to define.
Small farms are more important in terms of land and farm assets.
Small farms are real farms.
Small farms can conform to the economic and ecological niches of markets and of nature.
Small farms can make adaptations to direct marketing and finding their niche.
Small farms contribute more than farm production to our society.
Small farms create a personal connection to food through rural-urban exchanges and farmers markets.
Small farms do jobs.
Small farms grow plum, maize, carrots, tomatoes, cauliflower, peach, manioc and rice.
Small farms have the ability to be more flexible than large farms.
Small farms have to focus on appropriate technology.
Small farms produce environmental benefits in terms of soil, water and wildlife.
Small farms promote regional economic development .
Small farms provide less income for families than do large farms.
Small farms provide the fun and variety in the diet of many urban dwellers.
Small farms tend to weed, plant and harvest by hand.
Most small farms do jobs.
Most small farms survive only because someone in the family has an off-farm job.
Some small farms are limited resource farms.
Some small farms are retirement and investment farms.
Some small farms provide enough income for a family to live on.
A small farmer is a farmer
Small farmers are a broad mix of ethnic and social groups.
Small farmers are among the hardest working and least rewarded of people.
Small farmers are an important part of the American fabric.
Small farmers are better stewards of natural resources .
Small farmers are diverse.
Small farmers are farmers.
Small farmers are in trouble, and they have corporations to blame.
Small farmers are often unaware of the risks of commercial farming.
Small farmers are real farmers.
Small farmers are the best stewards of the land, using traditional farming techniques.
Small farmers are the best stewards of the land.
Small farmers bring crops.
Small farmers continue protest.
Small farmers do rely more on non-farm income than do large farmers.
Small farmers engage in production.
Small farmers face hurdles at every step along the way.
Small farmers feel undermined.
Small farmers grow it for their animals and some grow it for custom feeders.
Small farmers have no alternative but to work for others.
Small farmers help sustain our natural resources.
Small farmers keep being bypassed by modern agricultural advances.
Small farmers maintain productivity.
Small farmers offer products.
Small farmers oppose developers of large confinement hog facilities.
Small farmers plant shade grown coffee on small pieces of property dispered throughout a region.
Small farmers plant shade grown coffee on small pieces of property dispersed throughout a region.
Small farmers produce a much smaller proportion of total production than do large farmers.
Small farmers raise chickens.
Small farmers sell land, work as tenants or move to worse lands.
Small farmers suffer dramatically under the globalization agenda.
Small farmers suffer, too Like taxpayers, small farmers also get the short stick.
Small farmers tend to invest more labor in their land.
Small farmers tend to readily accept the various marketing options.
Many small farmers are in a state of total economic ruin and despair.
Many small farmers have market gardens where they grow vegetables for the market.
Many small farmers have other jobs as farm workers on other farms to supplement their incomes.
Most small farmers bring crops.
Most small farmers engage in production.
Most small farmers maintain productivity.
Most small farmers offer products.
Most small farmers raise chickens.
Most small farmers use their milking carabaos also for work.
Some small farmers grow coffee.
Some small farmers grow shade coffee.
Some small farmers have markets.
Small faults can occur through bedding or through cobbles.
Small faults have to be rectified before they become major problems.
Small feathers hang down around the rim of the hood, and one large feather hangs in the center.
Small fee applies.
Small fee is charged.
Small fees apply.
Small female cats weigh pounds.
Small females produce tens of thousands of eggs in a sponge.
Small ferns add a nice touch to shady rock gardens or other dwarf gardens.
Small ferns are also often abundant.
Small fescue begins growth in the spring and matures earlier than associated perennial grasses.
Small fibs have a way of becoming big lies.
Small figs precedes the leaves, which precede the regular figs.
Small figure shows a single polypite, enlarged.
Small figures approx.
Small figures are ivory.
Small figures crowd the rim of a garbage pit.
Small files download faster over the Internet.
Small files mean shorter download times and allow for playing audio and video in realtime.
Small files take less room and download faster, that is the reason it is Stuffed.
Small files take up exactly their amount of space, no more.
Small files transfer faster on the Internet.
Small files transfer most successfully through email.
Small filler comes last and fills in the gaps in the arrangement.
Most small films are wonderful experiences, but others can be purely exploitive.
Small fingers can find their way into live outlets easily resulting in nasty burns.
Small fingers click computer keys for the first time.
Small fingers hold smaller drops hence it takes more drops to fill the penny.
Small fingerlings are more available.
Small fires are always easier to put out than large infernos.
Small fires are easier on the surrounding resources and have less potential danger.
Small fires are used in several ways to control large fires.
Small fires are usually less intense and cause less damage than large ones.
Small fires burn all day long for cooking and for warmth.
Small fires can easily become crown fires.
Small fires can grow rapidly in areas filled with dry grasses, brush and fallen trees.
Small fires mark the narrow channel.
Most small fireworks are illegal here now, but at night, there are large firework shows.
Small firms appear to have developed close relationships with their customers and their suppliers.
Small firms are also important as exporters.
Small firms are also more likely today to require workers to pay a greater portion of the cost.
Small firms are also on the rise.
Small firms are at even greater risk from such activities than large firms.
Small firms are commonly more volatile than large firms.
Small firms are idea factories that generate more patents per sales dollar than any other sector.
Small firms are in a better position than big business to achieve customer satisfaction.
Small firms are less constrained by traditions common to major companies.
Small firms are less likely than larger firms to offer health coverage for several reasons.
Small firms are less likely than their larger counterparts to be able to provide retirement plans.
Small firms are more flexible but can suffer from cost disadvantages due to scale.
Small firms are owed about .
Small firms are particularly vulnerable.
Small firms are perhaps more likely to be monopolies than large ones.
Small firms are the engine for the creation of new jobs.
Small firms are, at present, the main source of job creation.
Small firms call it, payroll without penalties.
Small firms can also obtain a listing of procurement officers for all individual state departments.
Small firms can benefit from the valuable business savvy and expertise of larger firms.
Small firms can generally exert little influence on provider charges.
Small firms can go out of business within hours.
Small firms can offer benefits that are low or no cost.
Small firms can share the same ID for just one low monthly payment.
Small firms can use the internet as a cost effective means to make sales anywhere in the world.
Small firms continue to scale back investment intentions.
Small firms create genuine and permanent jobs.
Small firms do certain things better than large firms.
Small firms dominate the road transport industry.
Small firms exhibit higher net job creation rates than large firms do.
Small firms explore options for investor services.
Small firms find it much harder.
Small firms form backbone Mexico lacks capital.
Small firms gain an edge because they can move more quickly, as technology does.
Small firms have an equal or better chance to reach customers as large firms.
Small firms offer a wide range of responsibilities but are often more difficult to get into.
Small firms pay lower wages on average.
Small firms play an important role in the industry, but an increasingly less proportionate one.
Small firms predominate.
Small firms prepare welfare recipients for hire ground.
Small firms produce twice as many product innovations per employee as larger firms.
Small firms provide the first job for an even higher share of the nation's workforce.
Small firms provide the largest potential source of jobs for individuals leaving public assistance.
Small firms put quality first.
Small firms put up web pages that work and get clients.
Small firms receive grants and subsidies from the government.
Small firms rely more heavily on internal training.
Small firms represent a large market for pollution prevention products and services.
Small firms require more attention to increase their coverage of health and safety training.
Small firms seem to be the beneficiaries of interest rate cuts.
Small firms struggle trying to compete with large firms with huge advertising budgets.
Small firms tend to be better listeners and to be more responsive to changes in the market.
Small firms tend to be more personable and less formal.
Small firms tend to be more vulnerable to external effects.
Small firms tend to be resource-constrained and highly leveraged.
Small firms tend to have less than the big names.
Small firms train less than large firms.
Small firms turn to e-business service providers to help build Internet storefronts.
Many small firms appear to be leaving it to the last minute to convert their systems to euros.
Many small firms are too cash-strapped to upgrade on their own.
Many small firms are unable or unwilling to grow, so important economies of scale go unexploited.
Many small firms lease a Web hosting services.
Many small firms take justifiable pride in their achievements and reputation.
More small firms buy PCs than usually expect to.
Most small firms start with a preliminary plan and then produce a more professional plan.
Most small firms turnover their staff somewhere between every six months to six years.
Most small firms use external financing only occasionally.
Some small firms grow, and some shrink.
Small fish are abundant under the trees.
Small fish are eaten at the surface, but larger ones are taken to the shore to be consumed.
Small fish are fine for eating but the trophies are too valuable to kill.
Small fish are illegal to catch, but many fishermen release a lot of their catch.
Small fish are swallowed whole, but large fish are held in the fore flippers and ripped apart.
Small fish are the best food.
Small fish are tight and expensive.
Small fish become more vulnerable to predation by larger fish and tend to be reduced.
Small fish called fringeheads slip into the round burrows.
Small fish can hide from big predators inside a coral reef.
Small fish eat enormous numbers of Daphnia and other cladocerans.
Small fish eat microorganisms.
Small fish eat organisms.
Small fish eat plankton.
Small fish eat prawns and shrimps.
Small fish eat the plankton, medium fish eat the small fish and so on.
Small fish eat the remains of the shark.
Small fish eat the small animals.
Small fish eat the tubeworms and other small animals in the mud.
Small fish eat zooplankton.
Small fish escape in thick, dense and abundant aquatic plants.
Small fish feed larger bird and other animal species.
Small fish feed on ice algae and zooplankton.
Small fish feed on zooplankton.
Small fish find it quite livable in the eel grass, for it provides food, protection and shelter.
Small fish gather on the flow to feed.
Small fish get big granules and they just take a piece, then spit the rest out.
Small fish get in, but they can t get out.
Small fish have a distinct lateral band terminating In a deep caudal spot.
Small fish is eaten by bass.
Small fish live in oceans.
Small fish need food.
Small fish scurry ahead, gators slither away, snakes watch from the sidelines.
Small fish seek refuge from larger and hungrier mouths.
Small fish taste better and are less contaminated than older, larger fish.
Any small fish makes good live bait, as do live shrimp and crabs.
Many small fish inhabit the shallow waters.
Many small fishes live in the river.
Most small fish eat organisms.
Most small fish eat plankton.
Most small fish eat zooplankton.
Most small fish live in oceans.
Some small fish can develop in a couple of days.
Some small fish can t handle even a couple of Argulus and loose consciousness and die.
Some small fish eat oysters.
Some small fish feed on animals.
Small flags are useful for refinding boards that are covered by leaves.
Small flags mark a path in front of opened stands.
Small flakes are unacceptable.
Small flashlights make much more convincing meteors than large flashlights.
Small flatteries are part of the mortar that holds society together.
Small fleet is available in California and Florida.
Small flocks are rare because flock size is a big advantage flamingos have over predators.
Small flocks factsheet.
Most small flocks produce only enough meat for home consumption.
Small floods bring outside water through the narrows relatively unmixed which sinks down to depth.
Small floods can cause massive damage to homes, sweep a vehicle away, or even take a life.
Small floor discourages colonization by sparrows.
Small flows allow the use of prefabricated metal drop spillways or pipe overfall structures.
Small flows spill out from the pond, building the banks of the pond higher.
Small flowers appear in spring and summer, followed by globose red berries.
Small flowers appear on slender spikes.
Small flowers are a great sky blue color.
Small flowers are accented with crystal look beads and pearls.
Small flowers are greenish or yellow, up to one inch wide.
Small flowers are in several dense, spikelike clusters along the upper stem.
Small flowers emerge to blush.
Small flowers resemble pansies.
Small flowers smile, sending their owners' greetings to the passing walker.
Small fluctuations can change the results dramatically, thus, more study is needed.
Small fluctuations disturb one's feeling of well-being.
Small fluid filled blisters called vesicles appear on the hands and feet.
Small flies are the chief insect-visitors to the flowers.
Small fly makes history .
Small foliage turns maroon in winter.
Small folks can even crawl inside it.
Some small folks display their interests.
Small follicles are also visible in the periphery of the ovary.
Small font is preferable.
Small fonts are crystal clear, with no trace of flicker.
Small fonts are hard to read.
Small fonts are more difficult to read.
Small fonts make readability difficult in the back of the classroom.
Small fonts work fine.
Small food looms big on the restaurant scene, and tsumami, the tapas of Japan, is the current rage.
Small feet accompany short beaks in pigeons.
Small feet can lead to unsoundness.
Small footprint allows for easy placement on a desktop.
Small footprint creates less distraction.
Small footprint fits conveniently in tight quarters such as nursing stations and emergency rooms.
Small footprint fits easily into desktop or wall mount installations.
Small footprint fits in any office.
Small footprint is important where desk space is involved.
Small footprint optimizes factory floor space.
Small footprint provides good access for intercostal scanning.
Small footprint works well in tight spaces.
Small fossils are found less easily than large fossils.
Small fossils are more common and better preserved than large ones.
Small foyer leads to bathroom.
Small fractures can occur in the cartilage also.
Small fragments are able to migrate more quickly through the gel than are long fragments.
Small fragments are therefore unfavourable for species which require interior habitat.
Small fragments migrate faster than big fragments.
Small fragments move quickly through the porous gel - larger fragments travel more slowly.
Small frame is below and Large frame above that range.
Small frame means the hand forms tend to be close to the body.
Small frames require free pedaling clearance while big ones suffer from too long front wheel base.
Small friction grows into hostility - happiness leaves the home and the heart.
Small friends can prove to be big friends.
Small frogs are common as early prey.
Small fruit contains many seeds.
Small fruit contains seeds.
Small fruit has sweet taste.
Small fruit has taste.
Small fruit holds many small seeds.
Small fruit holds seeds.
Small fruit holds small seeds.
Small fruit is limited to strawberries and cranberries.
Small fruit provides wildlife food source.
Small fruit turns color.
Small fruit turns purple color.
Small fruits add an attractive touch.
Small fruits are a favorite of birds.
Most small fruit contains seeds.
Most small fruit has sweet taste.
Most small fruit holds many small seeds.
Most small fruit holds seeds.
Most small fruit holds small seeds.
Most small fruit turns color.
Most small fruit turns purple color.
Most small fruits require minimal effort to grow delicious fruit.
A small fry is a nobody
Small fry is a derogatory term for a small child or person.
Small functions are easier to read, write, test, debug, and understand.
Small funds covering small localities are unlikely ever to become financially viable.
Some small funds deserve to be small.
Small furniture groupings around perimeter for individual study space.
Small gains continue And there continues to be small gains.
Small galaxies have fewer than a billion stars.
Small galaxies have fewer than a billion.
Small galls are initially smooth on the surface.
Small game abound on surrounding lands.
Small game hunting for wild turkey, quail, rabbit and dove is also popular here.
Small game hunting on the Carson usually means the changing of the seasons from summer to fall.
Small game hunting success is good due to high visibility in the woods.
Small game includes partridge, quail and duck.
Small game includes rabbit, squirrel, quail, dove, duck and geese.
Small game includes ruffed grouse, snowshoe hare, and woodcock.
Small game includes such things as pheasant, grouse, cottontail, and squirrel.
Small game including quail and dove are plentiful in the area.
Small game is abundant in all areas.
Small game is abundant.
Small game is available after deer season is over, then spring turkey is also available.
Small game is big here.
Small game is present in countless numbers.
Many small garages are preferable to a few behemoths.
Small garden ponds provide habitats.
Small gardens are easier to maintain than large ones.
Small garnets hang from the fringe.
Small gastropods can feed and develop in huge quantities on it.
Small geckos abound and there are large centipedes that have a decent sting.
Small gems can take longer to go.
Small gems fly forth from the caster at the target of the spell.
Small generators know as peaker plants can be brought on-line quickly.
Small generators make powerful pendulums.
Small genus has basic characteristics.
Small genus has characteristics.
Most small genus has basic characteristics.
Most small genus has characteristics.
Small gestures can be effective.
Small gestures go a long way in strengthening the parent-child relationship.
Small gestures grow quickly into large events.
Small gestures mean so much when the timing is perfect.
Every small gesture reaps many rewards.
Small gifts add up to significant assistance.
Small gifts are acceptable as tokens of gratitude for hospitality.
Small gifts are appropriate in many circumstances.
Small gifts are as much appreciated as large gifts.
Small gifts can have big meaning.
Small gifts do have a huge impact.
Small gifts go a long way.
Small gifts grow quickly .
Small gifts make a difference.
Many small gifts become a large one.
Small girls carry water in yellow plastic vegetable oil containers on their heads.
Small girls scream with big chest Their lift knows what is best And quickly turn about face.
Some small glands produce adrenaline.
Some small glands produce hormone adrenaline.
Small glass bowls with piles of spices and herbs next to baskets of bread and meats.
Small glass minnows imitations are quite productive, especially in white.
Small goblins are usually armed with a bone club, if they're armed at all.
Small gobies have brilliant red heads.
Small gobies have heads.
Small gobies have red heads.
Small gobies live in intertidal zones.
Small gobies live in zones.
Most small gobies have brilliant red heads.
Most small gobies have heads.
Most small gobies have red heads.
Most small gobies live in intertidal zones.
Most small gobies live in zones.
Small gourds are a delight to see on a bookshelf or in that contemporary kitchen.
Small government is a mere fraction of today's big government.
Small government is a night watchman, a tiny institution that does only the bare essentials.
Small government is beautiful.
Small government is limited to defending our lives, our liberty, and our property.
Small government wants to limit the military to protecting America and open trade.
Small government works without one.
Small governments are like the gentle rain or a cooling zephyr.
Small governments are more efficient and more responsive.
Small governments face similar problems.
Small governments have few interactive communication channels with large populations.
Small grain plants enter reproductive stages.
Small grain plants enter stages.
Small grain growing areas remain dry.
Small grain is a prominent part of the agriculture in the upper Minnesota River basin.
Small grains aare making good progress.
Small grains are a timely crop.
Small grains are among the most frost tolerant of crops.
Small grains are easier to wet up than large grains.
Small grains are most susceptible to frost from the late boot through flowering.
Small grains are most susceptible when they are growing rapidly.
Small grains are multi-purpose crops that occupy an important place in production systems.
Small grains are quick to establish and respond well to nitrogen fertilization.
Small grains are very important throughout the state.
Small grains are very low in lysine and wheat contains virtually no tryptophane.
Small grains can provide significant amounts of biomass vegetation.
Small grains coat larger grains.
Small grains comprise a large percentage of the cropped land area.
Small grains continue to be a concern, but farmers are going ahead with top-dressing.
Small grains exhibit twisted flag leaves, sterile florets or multiple florets.
Small grains fill in the spaces between the larger ones, making water flow difficult.
Small grains injured by low temperatures often recover and produce a good crop.
Small grains produce two to three tons dry matter per acre with yield varying by year and variety.
Small grains remain in mostly good condition.
Some small grain supports reproduction.
Small grants are available to local groups to support education and advocacy projects.
Small grants are short-term awards designed to answer specific and targeted research questions.
Small grants can be very effective.
Small grants enable specific pieces of work to go ahead.
Small grants have special eligibility requirements.
Small grants have the tendency to be very restrictive.
Small grants help scholars from a broad range of academic fields to venture into new domains.
Small grantees have difficulty in interpreting the cost principles.
Many small grantors believe that staffing is the least a school can contribute.
Small grapes begin to form and are pollinated for one or two weeks.
Small graphs are reconstructible.
Small graphics allow quick downloading of the main page.
Small graphics are best.
Small graphics are hard to see.
Small graphics are the Holy Grail of the site builder.
Small graphics are the only way to see the merchandise.
Small graphics can stand out to be easily noticed.
Small graphics load much more quickly than big ones.
Small graphics load up faster than big ones.
Small graphics Make images small and, therefore, fast to download.
Small graphics Try to make all bitmaps as small as possible.
Small gravel does a good job of anchoring plants and gives roots something to hold onto.
Small gravels migrate easily, working their way down into the soil.
Small green fruit turns color.
Small green fruit turns purple color.
Small green is a great target to hit with a short iron.
Small greens are slightly ungulating.
Small greens dot the course.
Small greens place a premium on accurate approach shots.
Small greens protect a short layout.
Small greens require good shot making when the wind is up, which is most of the time.
Small greenhouses are common.
Small grocers tend to be the best source, providing produce and other edibles.
Small groceries provide staples, incidentals, and snacks.
Small group are our specialty.
Small group chats on Informative paper topics, plans, progress.
Small group chats on possible topics for Classification paper.
Small group classes with self selecting interested academics throughout the year.
Small group departures with excellent guides.
Small group exercises, role playing, and videotapes.
Small group exercises.
Small group follows large motor play.
Small group is still the best way to help people change their structures of plausibility.
Small group journeys to sacred and spiritual destination around the world.
Small group processes from the perspective of several theoretical positions.
Small group reports for the mini-lecture on each of the three parts.
Small group reports to the class about the material on which they agreed.
Small group runs after the ride.
Small group seminars on negotiation skills, lobbying skills, and public speaking, for example.
Small group teaching such as tutorials and seminars are another feature of excellence.
Small group tours around the USA and Canada.
Small group tours to the Grand Canyon offered.
Small group viewing rooms are also available.
Small groups allow for liberal interchange between faculty and attendees.
Small groups allow for maximum student participation.
Small groups allow for personal attention and interaction.
Small groups allow for personalized service.
Small groups allow for scaffolding techniques when difficulties are encountered.
Small groups allow global friendships to develop and continue for a lifetime.
Small groups allow individually designed course of instruction to meet the needs of the students.
Small groups allow more hearing and attention.
Small groups allow more opportunity for community.
Small groups allow personalized experience of fun-filled activities.
Small groups allow plenty of time for questions.
Small groups allow staff to focus their efforts on techniques and transformations.
Small groups allows for individual attention.
Small groups analyze food advertisements and present their results.
Small groups analyze tobacco use patterns.
Small groups answer the questions on the worksheet.
Small groups are a good place to fellowship too.
Small groups are a great chance to get to know people who care.
Small groups are a great place to invite some one to check out the church.
Small groups are a great way to build community.
Small groups are a great way to get involved, study the Bible, and get to know others better.
Small groups are a ministry format with a solid Biblical foundation.
Small groups are a time for discussion, questions, prayer and fellowship.
Small groups are a vital part of our church.
Small groups are active on the campus.
Small groups are also a great vehicle for Christian fellowship.
Small groups are also available.
Small groups are also the setting where real life-change often takes place.
Small groups are always in the process of being formed to be held either at night or during the day.
Small groups are an important aspect of our tours.
Small groups are an important aspect of that plan.
Small groups are an incredible way to make close, meaningful friendships on campus.
Small groups are available for everyone from mid-school age to senior adults.
Small groups are best.
Small groups are better.
Small groups are biblical.
Small groups are crucial to youth ministry.
Small groups are definitely better that big groups of people.
Small groups are fine - they get to spend more time with the sources.
Small groups are instrumental in personal growth.
Small groups are integrated English speakers and English learners.
Small groups are like kites.
Small groups are ministry based groups that support each others' needs and share common interests.
Small groups are ministry focused.
Small groups are more fun than going alone or with a large group.
Small groups are more manageable.
Small groups are much less threatening than the larger crowd in a congregation.
Small groups are nice.
Small groups are no more, and orientation week isn t one week.
Small groups are often better than large ones.
Small groups are often more adept at problem solving than are large groups.
Small groups are open-ended.
Small groups are our specialty.
Small groups are preferable.
Small groups are preferred.
Small groups are quieter, while larger bands are very noisy.
Small groups are responsible for researching and writing reports on subculture of the United States.
Small groups are safe places .
Small groups are scriptural places .
Small groups are self-guided.
Small groups are student led Bible studies that meet together once a week.
Small groups are supportive places .
Small groups are the bonding arm of the church.
Small groups ARE the church.
Small groups are the core of our church and the best way to get connected.
Small groups are the essential human group.
Small groups are the hearth of Living Water.
Small groups are the pastoral care component of our church.
Small groups are the single largest key to releasing all gods people to serve.
Small groups are unrealistic.
Small groups are welcome by prior arrangement.
Small groups are where faith is experienced and developed regardless of the purpose of the group.
Small groups assure personal attention and efficient meetings with authorities in China.
Small groups assure personal attention.
Small groups assure the personal touch.
Small groups become the environment where community can develop.
Small groups calculate costs of tobacco use.
Small groups can also enhance swimming skill quickly.
Small groups can also participate in the cooking.
Small groups can be a potent antidote to denial.
Small groups can be effective forums for discussing difficult ideas and for resolving questions.
Small groups can be the key pastoral structure in a congregation.
Small groups can coach each other at each site.
Small groups can collaborate by sharing common office software packages.
Small groups can gather in various locations on site.
Small groups can gather information taking turns at the computer over the course of several days.
Small groups can go out to dinner informally after the social event.
Small groups can have a large impact.
Small groups can have an intimate setting while larger groups can have plenty of room to spread out.
Small groups can help, but they are a method, and the goal is more important than the method.
Small groups can learn to improve their photographic skills.
Small groups can make a transition much easier.
Small groups can make things happen.
Small groups can meet in the cabins.
Small groups can meet specific needs of the group members.
Small groups can offer encouragement, comfort and wisdom when problems arise.
Small groups can play against each other, collecting cards for correct answers.
Small groups can reach people and change their lives.
Small groups can really get to know each other and create a sense of family.
Small groups can rotate through stations and fill out forms to report their findings.
Small groups can serve as an opportunity to meet other people and develop meaningful relationships.
Small groups can sometimes feel like large groups and vice versa.
Small groups can t support a whole network of task groups like a larger congregation can.
Small groups can tour inside the airlock.
Small groups can use parks on a first come basis.
Small groups can view the Internet in front of the computer monitor.
Small groups can work in study rooms equipped with computer terminals.
Small groups can work independently in the two small research pods.
Small groups can work together to create an overhead story.
Small groups can work together to solve problems, play games, do roleplaying exercises, and so on.
Small groups cause fewer disturbances.
Small groups cause less disturbance.
Small groups change during the workshop.
Small groups change individual lives.
Small groups come in many forms.
Small groups compare, then feed into a class web of the plot.
Small groups complete three experiments supervised by selected faculty members.
Small groups comprised of talented individuals are where important things happen.
Small groups consist of approximately six to fourteen people who meet regularly.
Small groups consist of three to five students in the same course with the same instructor.
Small groups consist of three to ten students.
Small groups create a safe environment for students to take risks and make mistakes.
Small groups create an easier space to experience intimacy and allow growth.
Small groups create movements that reflect the style of one of the recorded examples, above.
Small groups design a school based on one educational philosophy.
Small groups design, build and test realistic engineering systems under faculty supervision.
Small groups design, build, and test realistic engineering systems under faculty supervision.
Small groups determine their own lunch schedules.
Small groups develop descriptions of levels of organization and of requirements for growth.
Small groups develop ideas on how to live up to the image.
Small groups develop role-plays.
Small groups discuss an issue for a time and report their conclusions to the whole assembly.
Small groups discuss and present assigned case studies.
Small groups discuss and present assigned case study and executive briefs.
Small groups discuss interviews.
Small groups discuss orientation process employed by their organizations.
Small groups discuss presentation topics.
Small groups discuss problems encountered in the workplace and ways of handling each problem.
Small groups discuss questions provided in a handout.
Small groups discuss selected topics, expand vocabulary, and review grammar as needed.
Small groups discuss the advantages of various performance appraisal systems and methods.
Small groups discuss the human resource department or function in the students organizations.
Small groups discuss the various observations and speculate about their meanings.
Small groups DO take more risks.
Small groups enable more people to get involved in the ministries of the church.
Small groups enable participants to live their faith into being.
Small groups encourage children to get to know each other.
Small groups encourage mutual edification.
Small groups energize participants through fun, fellowship, and caring interaction.
Small groups engage in activities designed to help children understand and express their feelings.
Small groups enjoy the functional elegance of our executive boardrooms.
Small groups ensure a personalized tour.
Small groups ensure individual attention and instruction.
Small groups ensure individual attention, relevant and practical topics and a forum for being heard.
Small groups ensure that waste is kept to a minimum.
Small groups exchange questions, using the other group's questions to guide their discussion.
Small groups exist for high quality discipleship, pastoral care, outreach and evangelism.
Small groups exist in organizations for many reasons.
Small groups explore advocacy within relationships.
Small groups facilitate study, support, fellowship, and other needs.
Small groups focus on a specific topic and choose the material relating to that topic.
Small groups follows trainer running without minimal looking at the map.
Small groups form and become exclusive.
Small groups form and carry on at an easier pace.
Small groups get the new members to feel comfortable with each other.
Small groups get to know their guides better and get more time with their guides.
Small groups get together on a regular basis to listen and discuss the ideas presented.
Small groups guarantee close, personal instruction and lots of practice time.
Small groups guarantee close, personal instruction.
Small groups have been know to herd and prey on schools of fish.
Small groups have less impact.
Small groups have prayer at their center.
Small groups have the exclusive use of dedicated aircraft, expert guides and experienced pilots.
Small groups help develop good skills.
Small groups help integrate the children more smoothly into activities and the community.
Small groups help persons deepen their faith, pray for each other and enjoy each other's company.
Small groups increase quality of interaction among members.
Small groups insure personal attention for alignment and corrections.
Small groups investigate and document forest disturbance and recovery.
Small groups keep looking inside- building up the group.
Small groups learn the Bible together, serve the community, reaching out and grow new groups.
Small groups leave fewer footprints.
Small Groups Let s cut to the chase.
Small groups make better use of community resources by increasing the ratio of learners to tutors.
Small groups meet after school or at X and work on various projects.
Small groups meet as needed.
Small groups meet at any time that all members can attend regularly.
Small groups meet at each other's home for a simple meal and great fellowship.
Small groups meet at times and places determined by the groups themselves.
Small groups meet at various times and locations.
Small groups meet at various times during the month.
Small groups meet at various times throughout the week.
Small groups meet for about an hour and are flexible as to when they meet.
Small groups meet for believing teens.
Small groups meet for prayer throughout the week.
Small groups meet for six to eight sessions.
Small groups meet for two hours a week with both male and female facilitators in four sessions.
Small groups meet frequnetly in households all around the city.
Small groups meet in classrooms and a variety of health facility settings.
Small groups meet in different campus and off-campus locations.
Small groups meet in different campus locations, to be determined within each group.
Small groups meet in different campus locations.
Small groups meet in each other's homes for an informal supper and conversation.
Small groups meet in forums to share skills formerly passed on in computer labs.
Small groups meet in homes during the week.
Small groups meet in several dorm complexes across campus.
Small groups meet in several dorm complexes across east campus for fellowship, Bible study, and fun.
Small groups meet in student's homes for fellowship, Bible study, prayer, and accountability.
Small groups meet in the homes for scripture study and making friends.
Small groups meet many of the needs and objectives of our church.
Small groups meet mid-week.
Small groups meet monthly in homes, at church, and other places of their choice.
Small groups meet on a weekly and monthly ongoing basis and anyone is welcome.
Small groups meet on different nights throughout the week.
Small groups meet once a month at a member's home.
Small groups meet outside of class regularly for Bible study and fellowship.
Small groups meet regularly and perform a concert at the end of Summer Session.
Small groups meet regularly in class to plan and debrief fieldwork.
Small groups meet several times a year for fellowship and mutual encouragement.
Small groups meet throughout the week at various homes and times .
Small groups meet throughout the week at various homes and times.
Small groups meet throughout the week at various locations.
Small groups meet throughout the week.
Small groups meet to study the Bible and encourage each other.
Small groups meet together regularly in members' homes.
Small groups meet weekly for support.
Small groups meet weekly to share papers they have written about developmental issues and problems.
Small groups meet weekly, led by an upper-class engineering student.
Small groups meet with experienced social work clinicians on a monthly basis.
Small groups meet with volunteers for conversational English.
Small groups meet.
Small Groups mobilize people for mission and service.
Small groups offer a place to discuss daily life and to receive encouragement and support.
Small groups offer another alternative for welcoming peoples outside the community of faith.
Small groups offer avenues for service and missions.
Small groups offer enhanced opportunities for social bonding in a less threatening environment.
Small groups offer the attention and service that affords an up close and personal Alaska adventure.
Small groups operate during the week.
Small groups participate in simulated and situational experiences.
Small groups permit maximum dive time for all participants.
Small groups prepare women to move in the same direction in the future.
Small groups present the themes to the large group.
Small groups present their recommendations and reasons.
Small groups promote trust and a sense of belonging.
Small groups provide a less threatening opportunity for personal evangelism.
Small groups provide a range of meeting times and locations.
Small groups provide a vehicle for life-giving relationships to be developed.
Small groups provide ach child a high degree of individual attention.
Small groups provide all participants with a chance to practice their public speaking skills.
Small groups provide an ideal environment for the personal growth and close friendships.
Small groups provide better individual aid as well as fewer children to discipline.
Small groups provide drinks, condiments, and desserts.
Small groups provide enjoyable social events with other group members.
Small groups provide excellent support in times of crisis, change, and stress.
Small groups provide intimacy and opportunities for maximum participation.
Small groups provide opportunities for everyone to serve.
Small groups provide opportunities to build strong relationships and become better people.
Small groups provide opportunity for close fellowship.
Small groups provide optimum conditions for questions and learning about special features.
Small groups provide relationship connections.
Small groups provide the best environment for developing genuine, life-changing relationships.
Small groups provide the best structure, especially within a large church, to nurture that spirit.
Small groups pursue long-term projects.
Small groups reconvene to develop propositions that describe the ideal class sessions.
Small groups report back to the main group.
Small groups report the results of their consensus to the total group.
Small groups report to the larger group on the resources developed for the thematic unit.
Small groups require hard work, but their contribution to the ministry of the church is priceless.
Small groups rotate from game to game.
Small groups rotate to the cookie baking station as the rest work on other projects.
Small groups run most efficiently with three to five people.
Small groups seem to work best for special projects.
Small groups share decision lists.
Small groups show displays on how to Make a Difference.
Small groups use a storyboard to plan a four-slide multimedia show.
Small groups use our inn for special seminars in a relaxed atmosphere.
Small groups utilize the team concept most effectively.
Small groups welcome with a reservation.
Small groups welcome.
Small groups work on conceptual dilemmas.
Small groups work on murals.
Small groups work on posters.
Small groups work together to create their own Israeli flag using many symbols or just one.
Small groups write a script and a storyboard is designed.
Small groups write skits about the Middle Ages, people, etc.
All small group living units on campus have their own resource room.
All small groups are on a rotational basis cleaning the building and bonding closer as a group.
All small groups meet different days at different times.
Every small group has at least one 'difficult' person in it.
Every small group is a candidate for a workshop.
Many small groups fade in and out of existence frequently.
Many small groups have web pages.
Many small groups meet during the week.
Many small groups offer opportunities for adults to socialize.
Most small groups are one of the programs offered by a church congregation.
Most small groups begin soon.
Most small groups meet thirty minutes five days a week.
Some small groups are disasters.
Some small groups are inactive.
Some small groups are ongoing and some are short term opportunities.
Some small groups are open to anyone interested.
Some small groups are purposed to reach and do an effective job of that.
Some small groups meet weekly, others bimonthly, and still others monthly.
Some small groups worship in their homes.
Small growths appear on top of the tip of the beak.
Small grubs are the ticket.
Small grubs begin feeding on grass roots, consuming more over larger areas as they grow.
Small grubs feed during the first summer, moving down in the soil to over-winter.
Small grubs feed during the first summer, moving down in the soil to overwinter.
Small gullies can grow into a gulch in a single rainstorm.
Small gullies form, and soon become enlarged.
Small gusts whisk through the spruces, blowing off showers of snow that glitter in the winter sun.
Small guys can often get away with a smaller board.
Small guys lose out Losing bidders and advocates for small business are crying foul.
Small habits create large effects.
Small habits seem to become larger.
Small hail can damage crops.
Small hail is also possible.
Small hail is frequent with the springtime thunderstorms and has been observed during other seasons.
Small hail is possible as well.
Small hail is possible.
Small hails cause damage.
Small hails cause significant damage.
Most small hails cause damage.
Most small hails cause significant damage.
Some small hail is also possible.
Small hailstones have a soft center and a single outer coat of ice.
Small hailstones have a soft core and a harder shell.
Small hairs cover the underside of the leaf, resulting in a gray appearance.
Small hairs move.
Small hall tables on legs are also space-saving and give a less heavy look.
Small hamlets cluster round the churches amid intensively used land.
Small hammers strike metal rods, producing lovely chime-like tones.
Small hammers tap each mirror in rhythm like woodpeckers.
Small hand held counters are ideal.
Small hands can easily remove each piece, revealing a full color illustration underneath.
Small hands can learn to touch type.
Small hands learn to play the violin.
Small hands pick it up and turn it over.
Small hardwoods are top-killed, which increases the amount of sunlight that reaches the ground.
Small hardwoods reduce growth of pine overstory.
Small harps are very economical.
Small harrows cost about eight shillings, and the improved from eighteen to twenty-five.
Small head is almost bare.
Small head permits blind nailing.
Small heads produced by the side shoots are very desirable for freezing and use in the home.
Small heads turn, words fly but nothing much happens.
Small hearts surround the metal interior food warner portion of the trivet.
Small height persists into adulthood.
Small hematite stars twinkle on each strand of fringe.
Small herbivores eat plants.
Small herbivores escape predation.
Small herbivores have to take in more food per kilogram of body weight than larger animals.
Small herbivores possess stomachs.
Small herbivores tend to be diurnal, whereas carnivores are predominantly nocturnal or cathemeral.
Most small herbivores eat plants.
Most small herbivores escape predation.
Most small herbivores possess stomachs.
Some small herbivores benefit from absence.
Small herds have viable options.
Small hernias can close as the puppy grows up.
Small herring are still present in the early month but gone by the middle.
Small hills rise like islands from the valley floor.
Small hills surround the town.
Small hinges are used for jewelery boxes and other small things with lids.
Small history is about remembering, about every detail counting.
Small holdings are very common, and many people have their own greenhouses.
Small holes are easy to play, rather like a whistle.
Small holes are ok.
Small holes can be laser drilled in production.
Small holes can form nesting sites for birds such as wrens, wheatear and wagtails.
Small holes found in beans indicate that they are infested with bugs.
Small holes lead to underground runways and nesting areas.
Small holes leading to large covered cavities are ideal for yellow jacket nest sites.
Small holes occur in very ripe fruit.
Many small holes are safer than one or two big holes.
Small holly trees in a container create an instant and moveable screen.
Small home needs some tender loving care.
Small honorarium is offered.
Small honorariums are available.
Small hooks are for small baits-and small fish.
Small hooks turn up in the laundry.
Some small hope remains, but is just barely hanging on, and probably just as well.
Many small hospices provide excellent care.
Small hospitals are sometimes able to give stroke treatments faster than busier hospitals.
Most small hospitals can t provide bypass surgery or even angioplasty.
Small hotels are also available for low budgets, but with a lower standard of facilities.
Small hotels are available.
Small hotels are sometimes under-staffed.
Small houses look more spacious if one major color dominates throughout.
Small houses require less energy to operate and consume smaller amounts of raw materials.
Small hovercraft perform badly on hills, because they follow the slope.
Small hysteresis enables detection of minute height differences of continuously moving targets.
Small icicles hang from their tails.
Small icons are qbullets.
Small icons are used to show how energy is transformed from one form to another.
Small icons can greatly enliven a page.
Small icons used as links to larger graphics is preferred.
Some small icons indicate occurrences.
Small ideas present themselves and beg for attention, but for the moment fail to gain a foothold.
Small illnesses can quickly turn into major health problems if left unchecked.
Small image files all the way up to the mega-pixel shots.
Small images appear in the Name list, followed by their names.
Small images are acceptable.
Small images are all they want to transfer.
Small images are ok, as is font color and size changes.
Small images link to larger ones with captions.
Small images load quickly.
Small images lose clarity and quality when enlarged.
Small images shown in shaded relief are links .
Most small images are links to larger images, which appear in pop-up windows.
Small imperfections are natural and are part of their charm and uniqueness.
Small improvements are found to make the original system even better.
Small improvements are our bread and butter.
Small improvements can add up over time into big accomplishments.
Small improvements can sometimes make a very big difference.
Small improvements generate significant bottom line results.
Any small improvement can add up to major cost savings.
Some small improvements can turn out to be major improvements.
Every small incident reverses the tourism clock by years.
Small incinerators have two more years to meet similar emissions rules.
Small incision requires high degree of technical skill.
Small increases add up to big gains over time.
Small increments allow hundred of volume selections.
Small indian mongeese have ability.
Small indian mongeese have appetite.
Small indiscretions can sometimes lead to big problems.
Small individual flowers produce seeds.
Small individuals are often silvery with a bluish sheen, but the color darkens with growth.
Small individuals are usually more silver in color and often have many black spots on their sides.
Small individuals feed on vegetation.
Small individuals glomb onto the bodies of salps and consume pieces, much like a parasite.
Small inducements begin to be offered for leasing space.
Small industries are either dead or dying.
Small industries are the backbone of the country's industrialisation.
Small industries tend to lack a strategy for going global.
Small infants can shift to one side, then slip through the leg openings and fall.
Small infants can slip through the leg openings and fall.
Small infarcts heal by scar.
Small infestations spread by rhizomes which are underground stems capable of producing shoots.
Small initiatives can lead to big savings.
Small ink stain on cover.
Many small inlets provide cool water refugia and concentrate fish.
Small inns are finally able to compete with large establishments.
Small inputs can produce large effects.
Small insects are prone to damage by careless handling of the cup- be careful.
Small insects can burrow into the leaves and seedpods.
Small insects have blood.
Small insects have length.
Small insects possess legs.
Small insects possess stout legs.
Most small insects have blood.
Most small insects have length.
Most small insects possess legs.
Most small insects possess stout legs.
Some small insects eat fungi.
Some small insects prey on insects.
Some small insects prey on other insects.
Small inserts can give light blue colonies when a pUC-based vector is employed.
Small inset depicts a broader area of the Mediterranean.
Small inset is a schematic plan view of the four electrode penetrations.
Small insets depict a major town or important site.
Small inspirations can lead to great ideas.
Small institutions can develop quality online programs, using fewer resources more wisely.
Small institutions comprise city commercial banks and co-operative banks.
Small institutions start with a smaller knowledge base than larger institutions.
Some small institutions report only to their local credit bureau.
Small instruments go into other cuts to perform the surgery.
Small instruments show only a hazy ellipse.
Small insulin pumps continuously infuse insulin without daily shots.
Small integrators benefit from the use of an established, proven dot-com framework and methodology.
Small interventions can make a huge difference.
A small intestine is a gut
Small intestine is made up of three regions namely duodenum, jejunum and ileum.
Small intestine is where the bulk of digestion and absorption takes place.
Small intestine shows the parasite projecting from the brush border of the mucosal surface.
Small intestines absorb glucose.
Small intestines absorb nutrients.
Small intestines absorb sugar.
Small intestines aid in absorption.
Small intestines become intestines.
Small intestines become large intestines.
Small intestines break down food.
Small intestines break down mixture.
Small intestines connect duodenums.
Small intestines digest meat.
Small intestines digest starches.
Small intestines enhance absorption.
Small intestines have functions.
Small intestines perform functions.
Most small intestines absorb glucose.
Most small intestines absorb nutrients.
Most small intestines absorb sugar.
Most small intestines become intestines.
Most small intestines become large intestines.
Most small intestines break down food.
Most small intestines break down mixture.
Most small intestines connect duodenums.
Most small intestines digest meat.
Most small intestines enhance absorption.
Most small intestines have functions.
Most small intestines perform functions.
Some small intestines absorb alcohol.
Some small intestines absorb excessive irons.
Some small intestines absorb irons.
Some small intestines carry blood.
Some small intestines carry rich blood.
Some small intestines have accessory glands.
Some small intestines have glands.
Some small intestines help food.
Small inventories can do a one-step shopping cart, which lists all products on the order page.
Small invertebrates are easy to use in the lab and they model important physiological principles.
Small invertebrates comprise the bulk of their diet.
Many small invertebrates use lichens for habitat and camouflage.
Small inverters plug into optional DC outlets.
Small investments are properly diversified in many different stocks.
Small investments can add up quickly.
Small investments make big returns.
Small investments take too much time.
Small investors are now the cynosure of all eyes.
Small investors are the backbone of the capital market.
Small investors are usually willing to roll over if given an incentive.
Small investors are way too far down the food chain for such largesse.
Small investors can find it difficult to achieve appropriate diversification with individual stocks.
Small investors deserve the same quantity and quality of disclosure as big investors.
Small investors have a wider investment scope than large or institutional investors.
Small investors register with a registration card at any trading place.
Many small investors lack the funds to achieve reasonable diversification.
Small ions have a greater velocity than large ones and reach the detector first.
Small ions move fairly easily.
Small irregularities are important.
Small irritants interfere with our plans.
Small irritations can build into major stressors.
Small island developing States are fragile and vulnerable, both ecologically and economically.
Small island states - most vulnerable to global warming.
Small island states hard at work on sustainable development.
Small islands appear in the middle of the slough.
Small islands are enormously vulnerable to offers of aid.
Small islands are microcosms for our world.
Small islands are near the north coast of the prefecture .
Small islands are near the north coast of the prefecture.
Small islands are unstable, but can become more stable when they merge to form larger islands.
Small islands are variable in their marine, coastal, and terrestrial biodiversity.
Small islands dot the continental rims.
Small islands dot the lake like a floral necklace, abundant with wild life.
Small islands get little time on international stage.
Small islands have far less diversity of species than large continents.
Small islands have little space to put their wastes.
Small islands hit by a tsunami are left unrecognizable.
Small islands risk the loss of species due to stochastic shocks - fires, droughts, disease, etc.
Small islands surrounded by deep channels hold some of the largest trout in the river.
Small islands work, too.
Many small island developing States are entirely or predominantly coastal entities.
Many small islands lie within the Persian Gulf.
Many small islands line the coast.
Most small islands have only limited resources, whether land, human and financial.
Small islanders are particularly dependent on fishing .
Small issues call for small agreements.
Small items abound, including old maps and coins.
Small items are a specialty.
Small items are best and using a theme is fun too.
Small items are to be brought to the Shipping Section by the budget unit.
Small items bought on impulse can run up the bill, too.
Small items can become mixed-up with the packing materials.
Small items can cause obstructions if they stick to food and are swallowed.
Small items cook faster than larger ones in microwaves.
Any small item is a potential toy.
Small jars are best.
Small jars are capped and topped with fabric and ribbon.
Small jars work well.
Many small jars contain the inhumated remains of infants.
Small jaws are easier to work with.
Small jellies eat little organisms, like algae and tiny zooplankton.
Small jets expell gas to rotate the payload in the desired direction.
Small jobs are tough on a generator.
Small jobs are welcome.
Small Jobs are welcome.
Small jobs cost more per acre and are less likely to be cost effective.
Small jobs demand small tools.
Small jobs print flawlessly.
Small jobs wel- come.
Small jobs welcome, satisfaction guaranteed.
Small jobs welcome.
Small Jobs Welcome.
Some small jobs stay small.
Small joints are the key to a nicer wall.
All Small journals are blank.
Small joys keep life alive.
Small juice drink bottle.
Some small jurisdictions average one homicide a year.
Small juveniles are pelagic and occur in estuaries and probably over the shelf and slope.
Small kayaks are also available.
Small kernels tend to exhibit a higher quality, nuttier blue corn type taste.
Many small kettles contain bogs or swamp forest.
Small kid kicks important goal.
Small kids can bounce around inside.
Small kids can go in together.
Small kids can race big kids equally with different design cars.
Small kids deserve small schools.
Small kids like to try out the new bikes with training wheels.
Small kids love stories featuring animals who act like humans.
Some small kids have large heads and some large people wear small or medium.
Small kilns permit the firing of one to five pots at a time.
Small kindnesses do count.
Small kine buss from las night.
Small kits have many predators including hawks, owls, bobcat, coyote and dogs.
Small kitchen includes stove, refrigerator, sink.
Small kitchens are also available to make light snacks and refreshments.
Small kittens are also at risk.
Small knobs are a great balance of low rolling resistance and traction.
Small knots appear at the sides of the end joints of the fingers.
Small knowledge breaks down into the many.
Most small labs are unable to generate aerosols to produce similar standards.
Small lake features paddle boats, giant swimming pool, miniature golf and amusement rides.
Small lake offers trout fishing.
Small lakes are excellent places to catch a glimpse of animals of various types.
Small lakes are highly susceptible to cycles.
Small lakes dot the landscape.
Many small lakes occupy irregular ice-carved basins in rolling topography on the glaciated islands.
Many small lakes provide opportunity for fishing and camping.
Small laminations exist within the quartz and arkose sandstone.
Small lamps work well in kitchen workspaces.
Small lamps work well on kitchen counters.
Small landholders are still the primary producers of farm products.
Small landowners are often in the shoot area by the bushel.
Small landowners have incentives to participate in owner cooperatives.
Many small landowners use a forester to assist with managing their forestland.
Small landslides are common, and large ones can be spectacular.
Small larvae have heads.
Small larvae are almost white with black heads.
Small larvae are cream colored with a dark brown or purple band around the body.
Small larvae are dark brown to black and very hairy.
Small larvae are entirely black.
Small larvae are more susceptible to insecticides.
Small larvae are more vulnerable to insecticides, and inflict less damage.
Small larvae are purplish, with slender white lengthwise stripes.
Small larvae are susceptible to being blown or rubbed off trees during wind storms.
Small larvae are well-camouflaged and can be difficult to see in the soil.
Small larvae begin feeding on newly expanded leaves.
Small larvae eat a very small amount but when full grown, larvae have a voracious appetite.
Small larvae eat a very small amount, but when full grown have a voracious appetite.
Small larvae feed mainly on planktonic invertebrates.
Small larvae feed on leaf surfaces and medium-sized larvae eat ragged holes through leaves.
Small larvae feed on the underside of the leaves, chewing irregularly-shaped holes in the leaves.
Small larvae feed on the undersides of the leaves, chewing irregularly-shaped holes in the leaves.
Small larvae feed on upper leaf surfaces.
Small larvae feeding on the terminals cause the tender growth to appear brown and slightly ragged.
Small larvae skeletonize the lower leaves.
Most small larvae have heads.
Small lavabo bowl with lavabo towel underneath.
Small lawns are kept in front of each house, the grass cut by machete.
Small leaves are glossy green during the growing season.
Small leaves are incise carved at a few points on the vine pattern of the wire inlay.
Small leaks are common.
Small leaks can add up to large water loss.
Small leaks can be very wasteful.
Small leaks can cause destructive cycling.
Small leaps are thirds and fourths, and large leaps are anything larger.
Small leaves fall early.
Small leaves give branches a feathery appearance.
Small leaves grow around the stalk of the leaf cutting.
Small leaves help the plants retain moisture.
Small leaves reduce the effects of solar radiation and water loss.
Small leaves tend to be more tender.
Small lenders welcome.
Small lens covers slip inside the barrels to protect the objective lenses.
Small lesion can give advanced mets Teratoma-germ cell with different levels of maturation.
Small lesions are easy to treat successfully while large lesions are notoriously difficult to treat.
Small lesions are more likely to bleed than large lesions.
Small lesions disrupt the abnormal activity of basal ganglia circuitry.
A small letter is a graphic symbol
Small letters are characters.
Small letters are different from caps.
Small letters are hard to read and that's even worse on a computer screen.
Small letters are scalars.
Small letters c,s, or d indicate cattle, sheep or ducks.
Small letters can be either small or captials.
Small letters can make it more difficult to read on smaller monitors.
All small letters start at the top.
Some small letters have no ascender or descender.
Small libraries are usually a single person operation.
Small library remains.
Small lies get lonely and seek out bigger lies.
Small life rings accent the boats.
Small lives creep forward to bask, heal, rejoice.
Small lifts convey the books from here to the various library departments.
Small lights flit about the clearing in an intricate dance.
Small lines occurr by blending the water textures, anything else looks real good.
Small lines represent connections from a neuron to another.
Small lips show someone who is selfish.
Small lizards are very quick and sometimes get loose in the classroom.
Small lizards greet bikers and scurry across the trail.
Small lizards live under logs and rocks.
Some small lizards live for years.
Small loads are less economical.
Small loads consume less water.
Small loans are available to any female medical student or first-year intern.
Small loans are available to any female medical student or first-year resident.
Small loans are available to any woman medical student or first-year intern.
Small loans are available to any women medical students or first-year postgraduate trainees.
Small loans can make a difference.
Small loans carry a high rate because of the high cost per dollar involved in writing the loan.
Small loans make a big difference for the poor in developing countries.
Small loans make a difference to the lives of low-income rural women.
Small lobsters molt more frequently than large lobsters.
Small local farms do jobs.
Some small locations are part of larger businesses.
Small lockers are available for the storage of personal books and papers.
Small lockers are available free.
Small lockers are available.
Small lodges merge with the landscape promoting the island's relaxed and natural environment.
Small loft sleeps two.
Small logo is optional.
Small logos appear on all materials.
Small logos are acceptable on slacks or shorts.
Small loop allows for key chain attachment.
Small loss is a big gain.
Every small loss is just a stepping stone to the next big winner.
Small lots are largely seasonal, and represent a small percentage only of broiler chick placements.
Small lots are promptly available from stock for experimental or test purposes.
Small lots can be just as attractive as large ones.
Small lots create great neighborhoods Smaller lots help create wonderful neighborhoods.
Small lots lead to fine grain adaptation, smaller changes, and fewer changes that are mistakes.
Small lots mean smaller houses.
Small lots replace great country fields.
Small lots yield a high level of quality and consistency.
Small lugworm are brilliant flatfish baits.
Small lumber buisnesses there can barely compete for lumber.
Small lumps are formed over time under the skin at the regions of the joints.
Small lumps are noticed in the skin.
Small lumps are OK, they'll disappear in cooking.
Small lumps show up on patients with breast cancer.
Small lures are like tiny little peanuts to big fish .
Small lures can be hard to cast and present properly to the target.
Small lures draw more strikes.
Small lymphocytes exhibit T-cell staining pattern.
Small machines are very inexpensive, and can be carried in a pocket.
Small machines can handle only small problems.
Small machines take just minutes to service.
Small magazines live and die on their sales.
Many small magazines publish an issue or two, sputter, and die.
Small magnets keep the door from swinging in a strong breeze.
Some small males sneak alongside a spawning pair, and release milt.
Small mammals adapt to cold conditions.
Small mammals adapt to conditions.
Small mammals are also important food, especially voles, mice and shrews.
Small mammals are generalist predators and gypsy moths make up a small component of their diet.
Small mammals are important components of many terrestrial ecosystems.
Small mammals are mammals.
Small mammals are more subject to predation due to loss of ground cover.
Small mammals are numerous.
Small mammals are part of the grand plan.
Small mammals are present as well as some deer, coyotes, and an occasional cougar.
Small mammals are the primary means by which hypogeous fungal spores are dispersed.
Small mammals are their natural prey base.
Small mammals become the prey of choice during late fall and winter.
Small mammals belong to families.
Small mammals consume conifer seeds, and also eat seedlings .
Small mammals cross paths.
Small mammals dominate the marten's cuisine.
Small mammals eat grass.
Small mammals eat plants.
Small mammals eat plums.
Small mammals eat seeds.
Small mammals eat seeds.
Small mammals feed hungrily on berries to build up fat for the cold season ahead.
Small mammals feed on fruit.
Small mammals find foliage.
Small mammals have characteristic ways of opening hazel nuts.
Small mammals have impact.
Small mammals have long noses.
Small mammals have noses.
Small mammals have real impact.
Small mammals have spots.
Small mammals have very sensitive skin, so powerful shampoos can be harmful.
Small mammals hunt at nights.
Small mammals including squirrels, porcupines, beavers, bears and deer inhabit the surrounding area.
Small mammals ingest diets.
Small mammals ingest protein diets.
Small mammals inhabit areas.
Small mammals inhabit mountain areas.
Small mammals may have difficulty.
Small mammals play roles.
Small mammals tend to be clean and lively.
Small mammals use a variety of tactics.
Small mammals vary enormously in their litter sizes.
Small mammals weigh kgs.
Many small mammals eat moth larvae, too.
Many small mammals live in shelters or burrows underground.
Many small mammals use downed hollow logs or brush piles for cover or nesting sites.
Many small mammals use stored food to power thermogenic metabolism.
Most small mammals adapt to cold conditions.
Most small mammals adapt to conditions.
Most small mammals belong to families.
Most small mammals cross paths.
Most small mammals eat grass.
Most small mammals eat plants.
Most small mammals eat seeds.
Most small mammals feed on fruit.
Most small mammals find foliage.
Most small mammals have impact.
Most small mammals have long noses.
Most small mammals have noses.
Most small mammals have real impact.
Most small mammals have spots.
Most small mammals ingest protein diets.
Most small mammals inhabit areas.
Most small mammals inhabit mountain areas.
Most small mammals play roles.
Most small mammals weigh kgs.
Some small mammals attract cougars.
Some small mammals become diets.
Some small mammals become pests.
Some small mammals belong to weasels.
Some small mammals browse huckleberries.
Some small mammals browse on foliage.
Some small mammals browse red huckleberries.
Some small mammals cause damage.
Some small mammals dig burrows.
Some small mammals eat adult bullfrogs.
Some small mammals eat berries.
Some small mammals eat bullfrogs.
Some small mammals eat crops.
Some small mammals eat insects.
Some small mammals eat larvae.
Some small mammals eat moth larvae.
Some small mammals feed on acacias.
Some small mammals feed on insects.
Some small mammals have short lifespans.
Some small mammals hibernate over months.
Some small mammals hibernate over winter months.
Some small mammals kill on roads.
Some small mammals live at elevation.
Some small mammals live at high elevation.
Some small mammals live in areas.
Some small mammals live in burrows.
Some small mammals live on hills.
Some small mammals live on rocky hills.
Some small mammals make up diets.
Some small mammals use burrows.
Some small mammals use dead wood.
Some small mammals use wood.
Some small mammals weigh ounces.
Small mantids emerge from the mass in the spring.
Small mantids emerge in the spring.
Small manual is OK but game is hard to grasp at first.
Small manufacturers can get orders from all over the world electronically.
Small manufacturers have a proud record of environmental excellence.
Small manufacturers play a decisive role in the success of the American economy.
Small manufacturers represent an important growth segment over the coming decade.
Small manufacturers say they lack the capital and the volume to keep up.
Some small manufacturers have design persons on staff.
Small manufacturing is also present in the Township.
Small manufacturing is another good niche.
Small maps show ethnic group locations.
Small markets don t meet the growth needs of large companies.
Small markets have no chance without shiny modern facilities.
Small marshes appear suddenly amidst the brush and in the winter more of the pond is visible.
Small materials charge for craft activities.
Small materials fee in some instances.
Small matters count.
Small matters have a way of becoming large problems.
Small meals containing some type of protein are also helpful.
Many small meals are better than a few large ones.
Small measurements are included as well.
Small meetings are a specialty of the house.
Small meetings can take place in our elegant dining room.
Small meetings tend to be cozier.
Small Megs are easier to change, modify and debug.
Small melons display a wide range of sizes, shapes, and flesh characteristics.
Most small melons have a typical musky taste that is due to a combination of aromatic compounds.
Small member goes to cardinal.
Small membrane binds the last dorsal spine to the first ray.
Small menu emphasizes seafood freshly caught in the Monterey Bay.
Small merchants are reluctant to accept computers into their business.
Small merchants report an increase in foot traffic and say customers are buying more.
Small metal handle without wood.
Small meteorites are common.
Small meteorites burn up in the atmosphere before ever reaching Earth.
Most small millers do their paddy procurement off the books.
Small minds believe there is something for nothing.
Small minds discuss people, Average minds discuss events, Great minds discus ideas.
Small minds discuss people.
Small minds shrink even smaller in the vastness of the land.
Small minds talk about people, medieocre minds talk about events, great minds talk about ideas.
Small minds talk about people, mediocre minds talk about things, great minds talk about ideas.
Small minds talk about people, medium minds talk about events, great minds talk about ideas.
Small minds talk about people.
Small mines arre scattered all over the country.
Small mines present special concerns for both safety and health.
Small minibuses cover shorter routes, backroads and inner-city destinations.
Small minibuses run a shared route-taxi service with a standard fare anywhere along the route.
Small minivans are private and loved by domestic public.
Small minnows are also effective while still fishing in late autumn and winter.
Small minnows are the most common wintertime bait.
Small minnows are the preferred bait, as well as light lines and a soft touch.
Many small minnows eat a lot of zooplankton.
Small miracles happen in that trailer.
Small mirrors give a nice pond effect, or try constructing a path from colored gravel.
Small mirrors weight one to two pounds while the larger mirrors weigh four to six pounds.
Small mistakes are writ large on the parchment of marathon morning.
Small mistakes can become tragic failures.
Small mistakes can cost a lot of power.
Small mistakes can have big implications.
Small mistakes can leave systems vulnerable and put information assets suddenly at risk.
Small mistakes seem worse than they really are.
Small models are convenient for the study of channels and collaterals and points.
Small models can attach to console between vehicle seats.
Small models require frequent refilling.
Small modifications are evidence of that commitment.
Small modifications can significantly improve the aero-elastic damping of the rotor.
Some small modification increases quality.
Small modules are necessary to allow developers to do effective work in short bursts.
Small molecules are harder to detect.
Small molecules are molecules.
Small molecules can pass through it , so the shell allows gas exchange for the growing embryo .
Small molecules can pass through it, so the shell allows gas exchange for the growing embryo.
Small molecules can pass through pore-like transmembrane proteins called connexons.
Small molecules move through membranes via simple diffusion.
Small molecules pass completely through the filters.
Small molecules tend to penetrate membranes more rapidly than large ones.
Small molecules tumble rapidly, large molecules tumble slowly.
Small moments make most of the difference.
Small moments suggest the enormity of human complexity and preserve the remnants of lives.
Some small moments make the film slightly bearable.
Small monitors make the third kid have to lean in to see.
Small moths do damage.
Small moths fluttering around the home are unwelcome visitors anytime of the year.
Small moths life in habitats.
Most small moths do damage.
Small motorboats chug out of the harbour.
Small mouth fold.
Small moves are at no charge.
Small moves require a minimum of one-week notice.
Small movement makes it easier to steer during take-off and landing.
Small movements occur to relieve local areas of high stress.
Small movements produce small windows, larger movements produce larger windows.
Small movements work best.
Small movies can also aspire to pseudo-seriousness.
Small movies depend on good characters, writing and little moments.
Small multiples have high resolution, they are adjacent in space and easy on the viewer.
Small municipalities have big problems in offering adequate cultural services to fugitives.
Small muscles are in hands and fingers.
Small muscles develop quickly, making more difficult activities more enjoyable now.
Small muscles fatigue quickly.
Small muscles get a workout as plastic tubes are fitted to funnels and sponges are wrung dry.
Small muscles lie deep to the erector spinae muscle group.
Small museum contains artefacts from area.
Small museum has displays on local history.
Small museums come and go.
Small museums reflect a variety of interests.
Many small museums detailing the settlement of Pennsylvania are within close proximity.
Small mussels are important, consumed in their shells after being bashed off the rocks by waves.
Small mussels can get into engine cooling systems causing overheating and damage.
Small nations can.
Small nations comply.
Small nations have limited resources with which to gain their ends.
Small needles are significantly less likely to cause headache than large needles.
Small needles make small holes, and holes can cause so much trouble in machine quilting.
Some small needles look like leaves.
Small nerves arise from the longitudinal nerves to supply the body muscles and sensory endings.
Small nerves branch off from the nerve cords to the rest of the body.
Small nerves extend from the ganglia to the body surface and the muscles.
Small nests are usually spaceship crews or isolated research parties.
Small networks are a big trend because they make sense.
Small networks grow into large corporations.
Small networks make a lot of sense.
Some small newsletters have a much better targeted market.
Small newspapers accept free submissions.
Small noises move among the grass . . .
Small nonprofits are often much more similar to small for-profits than to large nonprofits.
Many small nonprofits live from grant to grant, or from golf tournament to golf tournament.
Small notch helps in removing socks.
Small notch is just more than indexed for centering.
Small number indicates the number if plates in the series.
Small numbers are slow, and require less processor power.
Small numbers cal do little harm but large numbers can harm small fish.
Small numbers can accomplish mighty ends.
Small numbers can add up to big profits.
Small numbers can make a difference.
Small numbers create large headaches in court .
Small numbers depend on conditions.
Small numbers depend on environmental conditions.
Small numbers indicate that a less stable negative ion is formed.
Small numbers occur in the Central Valley in migration.
Small numbers occur throughout the forested parts of the country.
Small numbers remain locally within the breeding range.
Most small numbers depend on conditions.
Most small numbers depend on environmental conditions.
Some small numbers ensure survival.
Small nylon shims at each corner provide additional support to the moving drawer.
Small nymphs are much easier to control with insecticides than larger nymphs or adults.
Small nymphs are present in chambers of the gall.
Small oak is used almost thoughout the range.
Small objects are a choking hazard.
Small objects are a solved problem.
Small objects are best for throwing, and larger objects, within reason, are best for catching.
Small objects can become airborne missiles.
Small objects can choke a puppy.
Small objects can choke.
Small objects can have great impact.
Small objects fall.
Small objects have a large surface area compared to the volume .
Small objects have a large surface area compared to the volume.
Small objects move or are turned over.
Small objects present a choking hazard to young children.
Many small objects indicate a household of considerable wealth.
Small obstacles are available for jumping exercise.
Small octopus can learn to solve problems like how to open a container of food.
Small offices can use the product as a standalone system.
Most small offices have a number of machines, with a fair amount of unused disk space.
Some small offices are also good candidates, depending on the price structure they are offered.
Small offsets give more display space of leaf nodes.
Some small offshoots have tiny leaves.
Some small omnivores have rats.
Small one is ideal for a bracelet.
Small one is six fen .
Small ones are available at inexpensive prices at many department stores.
Small ones are bitter and are used mainly in green curry dishes.
Small ones are common in the tidepools.
Small ones are easily portable.
Small ones are harder to detect.
Small ones are more realistic and prepared to adapt.
Small ones are virtually always benign.
Small ones are white, adults are black.
Small ones can be just as effective.
Small ones can bind and turn the slab sideways with fingers pinched.
Small ones eat small ones.
Small ones emerge from behind a peak or rise from a ravine in groups of three or four.
Small ones get by on monthly applications.
Small ones leave small holes, etc.
Small ones tend to fill with mud.
Some small ones are cranked by some 's arms or legs .
Some small ones are cranked by some's arms or legs.
Some small ones are used for scientific or business purposes .
Some small ones are used for scientific or business purposes.
Small onions are available frozen in grocery stores.
Small openings channel the light, forming a pattern in the darkness.
Small openings connect the sinuses to the nasal cavity.
Most small operations have only one bull and one breeding pasture available each year.
Small operators continue to agitate for an even lower limit.
Many small operators use their basements or garages to store equipment and products.
Small opercula are located directly above the pectoral fins.
Small opportunities abound.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great achievement.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great achievements.
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises .
Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
Small opportunities are often the beginnings of great enterprises.
Small options can pay off.
Small orders are extremely costly to the District and to vendors.
Small orders are no problem.
Small orders are welcome.
Small orders get one or a few free stickers.
Small Orders See Accounting for a check request number before ordering.
Small orders welcome.
Many small organisations have few, if any, paid staff and rely on the work of volunteers.
Small organisms have an appeal of their own, but they are by no means uncommon.
Small organisms have eye spots that mimic the eyes of larger organisms.
Small organisms have eyespots that mimic the eyes of larger organisms.
Small organisms pass through the bar spacings and accumulate in the codend.
Many small organisms are important.
Many small organisms have a greater effect than a few large ones.
Small organizations avoid excessive overhead and large numbers of staff.
Small organizations can develop one equipment policy with which everyone complies.
Small organizations get an additional year.
Small organizations work best.
Small ornithopters have commercial applications such as surveillance, bird control, and recreation.
Small outfits are better suited to hosted solutions that require little investment.
Small outfits tend to fail more often than big ones.
Small oval leaves with fuzzy pubescence.
Small overhangs can allow arcs to cross the gap.
Small overhead is essential for good speedup.
Small package gets two.
Small package offers full-size convenience, allowing residents to store and prepare food.
Small packages are easy and fast and modest in price.
Small packages are often available from sporting goods stores.
Small packages encourage trial purchases by consumers.
Small packages Feeding small hay bales is labor intensive but reduces waste if fed properly.
Small packages look best using a small print paper, or no design at all.
Small packet contains active dry yeast and ascorbic acid.
Small packets are better is error rates are higher.
Small packets constitute a large fraction of packets in today's Internet.
Small packets get through more quickly on inherently noisy phone lines .
Small packets require a green customs form only.
Small packets sneak through, but larger transfers time out.
Small padlocks are readily available in India.
Small pagan tussles that left a token sprinkling of blood on the snow.
Small pages make insufficient use of disk bandwidth.
Many small pages have the advantage that each pages impact can be carefully controlled.
Small pails are good for holding small plants, candles, or potpourri.
Small paint is recommended.
Small paint scratch on one star.
Small paintings echo the intense forces that lie beneath the surface of things.
Small papers are hungry for copy.
Most small papers are understaffed and overworked, and many are plagued by high turnover rates.
Small papules erupt and are grouped in a confined area, eventually becoming serpiginous.
Small parasites are often protozoans.
Small parasitic wasps attack midges.
Small parasitic wasps attack wheat midges.
Small park features vintage military equipment, cannon, armor.
Small park features vintage military equipment, canon, armor.
Small parks are often the biggest losers in the competition for funds.
Small parrots enjoy it as an alternative to cook and serve treats designed for larger parrots.
Small parrots have feathers.
Most small parrots have feathers.
Small parts are hand spray painted as are the body shells.
Small parts are useful to machinists, and robotics people also are interested in such things.
Small parts are very important.
Small parts can break off creating a choking hazard for small children.
Small parts can break off of the rattles, presenting choking and aspiration hazards to infants.
Small parts can break off of the toy vehicles , posing a choking hazard to young children.
Small parts can break off of the toy vehicles, posing a choking hazard to young children.
Small parts can break off the toy vehicles, posing a choking hazard to young children.
Small parts make a whole.
Small parts pose a choking hazard, and adult supervision is required due to hair-entanglement risk.
Small parts present a choking hazard.
Small parts present a potential choking hazard for small children.
Small parts shine.
Small particles act as obstacles to the paths of radiant radiation.
Small particles are difficult to measure, especially in bulk.
Small particles are subject to Brownian motion caused by bombardment by solvent molecules.
Small particles are the air pollutants most closely associated with adverse public health effects.
Small particles called platelets are important for blood clotting.
Small particles can act as sand-paper, tearing at the bark.
Small particles can clump together to form rough edged, irregular masses.
Small particles can penetrate deeply into the lung where they can cause respiratory problems.
Small particles decompose more quickly than large ones.
Small particles have more surface area for microbial activity and are easier to mix.
Small particles irritate asthmatic airways.
Small particles irritate eyes.
Small particles lose their heat quickly at night, while rocks stay warmer longer.
Small particles make up matter.
Small particles provide great surface but cause large head losses.
Small particles resonate with high-frequency light.
Small particles scatter easily.
Small particles sit in the gizzard for a long time.
Small particles slip between the larger particles, filling the pore spaces.
Small particles suspend in air.
Small particles suspend in water.
Small particles tunnel all the time, though.
Most small particles irritate eyes.
Most small particles make up matter.
Most small particles suspend in air.
Most small particles suspend in water.
Some small particles are produced by combustion.
Some small particles enter guts.
Some small particles enter pharynxs.
Some small particles have surfaces.
Some small particles irritate lungs.
Some small particles produce effects.
Some small particles suspend in fluid.
Some small particles undergo fermentation.
Some small particles undergo microbial fermentation.
Small parties are great too.
Small parties can have privacy in a separate dining room.
Small parties can reserve the kitchen and front for get-togethers.
Small parties forage over the plains in loose flocks.
Small parties hold peace talks, for instance, hostage to parochial demands.
Small passages go west and up.
Small patch can solve the problem.
Small paths lead to different places in the garden or just curve gracefully back to their origin.
Small paths riddle the knolls and vales around the beach.
Small patterns can become confusing and double rows are a common mistake.
Small patterns seem to work best.
Small patties are more manageable and cook more quickly.
Small peaks mark the time for one second.
Small pebbles are a suitable substitute for the pond-like bottom.
Small pebbles seem like boulders.
Small pebbles trundle Down charcoal colored shingles With each subtle movement.
Small pellets promote efficient pulverizing for rotomolding applications.
Some small pellets contain bones.
Most small pentodes have an inaccessible suppressor, as it is internally connected to the cathode.
Small people can do it.
Small people cool faster than large people and children cool faster than adults.
Small people cool faster than large people.
Small people do, using credit cards and the like, and companies do, to expand operations.
Small People learn best when the possibility of interaction is greatest.
Small people sit in back.
Small people talk about other people.
Small people talk about people.
Small people tend to have a slightly larger area for their size than big people.
Small peppers have more membranes and seeds than large peppers, so generally they are hotter.
Small percentages adds up to big ones.
Small percentages grit or ok.
Some small percentage speak Spanish.
Small perennial plants occur in areas.
Small perturbation causes high density region.
Small perturbations are added to seed the instability.
Small perturbations cause small effects.
Small perturbations grow into fingers with characteristic mushroom caps.
Small pets are also welcome with prior notice.
Small pets are also welcome.
Small pets are always welcome.
Small pets are fine, subject to the approval of the owner.
Small pets are negotiable.
Small pets are of town.
Small pets are OK, extra charge plus deposit.
Small pets are okay, at an additional nightly fee.
Small pets are okay.
Small pets are welcome and handicapped accessible units are available.
Small pets are welcome at all of our communities.
Small pets are welcome based on prior arrangement with the office.
Small pets are welcome by arrangement.
Small pets are welcome for a small additional cost.
Small pets are welcome upon approval.
Small pets are welcome.
Small Pets Find out about critter cuisine.
Small pets welcome in most units.
Small pets welcome on prior arrangement.
Small pets welcome, deposit required.
Small pets welcome.
Most small pets like to have a little privacy once in a while.
Small photo is hard to see the lighting effects.
Small photos link to larger ones.
All small photos are links to a larger version in the image gallery.
Small photographs illustrate the book, and there is an index.
Small phytoplankton have the most obvious effect.
Small pickups hold much less.
Small picnics are welcome near the parking lot.
Small picture shows detail.
Small picture shows more detail.
Small picture shows placement of image on page.
Small picture shows tassle detail.
All small pictures are links to larger images.
Some small pictures show what most of the diseases look like.
Small piece misg from lower right edge.
Small pieces are better.
Small pieces are easier to handle.
Small pieces are easier to swallow.
Small pieces break down more rapidly and give a more even result.
Small pieces break down, or decompose, more rapidly, too.
Small pieces can be more expensive than large rugs.
Small pieces can cause major harm because they collide with the shuttles at such high speeds.
Small pieces can cost hundreds of dollars, up to a thousand for the best.
Small pieces present a choking hazard to smaller kids.
Small pigs benefit from split nursing.
Small pigs escape through small holes and once they know it is possible to get out they keep trying.
Small pigs learn to run along the length of the slats.
Small pike are somewhat bony, but the larger fish filet easily for frying or baking.
Small pike are tastier table fare.
Small pikes do best with passenger consists under six cars, and freights under twelve.
Small pikes require smaller motive power.
Small piles are usually colder, because they have small cores that hold less heat.
Small pin allows self-healing of the insulation.
Small pines blow and bend in the brisk north wind.
Small pipelines distribute refined products to major consuming areas.
Small pit is nearly free.
Small pixels provide high resolving power.
Small pixels provide high spatial resolution to resolve fine image details.
Small pixels provide high spatial resolution.
Small planes are more likely to crash than big planes.
Small planes are sometimes able to land on a bar near the river's mouth.
Small planes exacerbate delays at Logan, while providing only limited passenger capacity.
Small planes fly between the islands.
Small planes fly low across the lake while kids zoom around on snowmachines and four-wheelers.
Small planes fly to the falls from Georgetown but seats can be difficult to secure.
Small planes guide the tribesmen to the whales.
Small planes have smaller baggage allowances.
Small plant purchase the wheat flour in huge bags.
Small plant yields small, tan seed with black streaks.
Small plants appreciate some winter protection.
Small plants are available from nurseries and through catalogs.
Small plants are cheaper but they take longer to reach maturity.
Small plants are generally more productive than large ones.
Small plants are located in fields.
Small plants are much easier to work with than leggy ones, and result in a nicer finished product.
Small plants are often available in the herb section of nurseries and are usually affordable.
Small plants are the first to germinate, followed by shrubs and trees.
Small plants are usually more vigorous, grow faster, and are easier to handle.
Small plants become extremely loaded with fruit.
Small plants bring warmth and life to any room.
Small plants can be difficult to establish in an interiorscape.
Small plants can be susceptabile to a fungal disease called damping off.
Small plants can dry out quicker than large ones.
Small plants can produce viable seed.
Small plants come up and begin to grow.
Small plants continue to grow new leaves replacing lost capabilities.
Small plants deserve a garden of their own in order to show off their unique qualities.
Small plants deserve that chance to expand their markets beyond their own state borders.
Small plants establish faster than large plants and are more economical.
Small plants have a problem in dense forests.
Small plants make excellent rock garden specimens.
Small plants require good planting management to ensure good survivability.
Small plants require less water to become established.
Small plants turn yellow and break off.
Many small plants grow in the shade under the trees.
Many small plants growing in the dense tropical forest are epiphytes.
Many small plants use head-only stunning because they lack restraint equipment.
Most small plants begin to die.
Small planters occur on the western and eastern sides of the shelter.
Small plantings result in eggs being concentrated onto fewer vines.
Small plantlets arise on the main veins of the leaf near the base.
Small plantlets develop at the point of attachment of each flower.
Small plaques are also popular.
Small plaques explain natural features and their value to the Fort when it was active.
Small plaques mark the names of each of the previous winners of the Championship.
Small plates contain two or three tacos, tamales, quesadillas or a tostado.
Small players are particularly vulnerable.
Small players can sneak up on the taller ones and make steals.
Small players Get more than eleven hits in a single game.
Small Players Get more than eleven hits in a single game.
Small players seem to find business difficult.
Many small players are global forces today.
Small pleasures exclude great ones.
Small pleasures make all the difference.
Small plots tend to be over grazed very quickly.
Small plots tend to be overgrazed quickly by deer.
Small plovers are now in very low numbers and just above the vagrant status in Botany Bay.
Small pods extending below the wing's center section can carry a variety of scientific sensors.
Many small points take away from the possibility of a convincing and coherent larger picture.
Some small polychaetes have no blood vascular system at all.
Small polyps are the first step in a series of growth that becomes colon cancer.
Small ponds are best for small yards.
Small ponds are common between the foredune and the backdune in many dune complexes.
Small ponds are frequent, with chances good of happening upon a moose feeding on aquatic plants.
Small ponds are preferred, but larger lakes or calm rivers also used.
Small ponds covering one surface acre or less can be especially vulnerable.
Small ponds form in the larger caverns.
Small ponds have existence.
Small ponds have rings of open water.
Small ponds provide habitats.
Small ponds provide opportunities for agricultural diversification.
Small ponds seem to magnify siltation.
Many small ponds dot the landscape, making it a perfect habitat for waterfowl, moose and wolves.
Most small ponds have existence.
Most small ponds provide habitats.
Some small ponds have ice covers.
Some small ponds have layers.
Small pool implies too much multiprogramming.
Small pool is on site.
Small pool open all seasons.
Small pools allow for close-up viewing.
Small pools can eventually become large enough and deep enough to swim in.
Small population isolates - a microsimulation study.
Small populations are also more susceptible to epidemics.
Small populations are always easier to control than large ones.
Small populations are especially vulnerable to extinction.
Small populations are fragile because of chance events, or stochasticity.
Small populations are generally more prone to extinction than large populations.
Small populations are made up of weaker individuals than large populations.
Small populations are more susceptible to the effects of genetic drift.
Small populations are particularly vulnerable to catastrophic events.
Small populations are subject to random changes in allele frequencies due to genetic drift.
Small populations are very prone to drift and alleles can go to fixation quickly.
Small populations can persist and rebuild if suitable habitat again becomes available.
Small populations exhibit more inbreeding depression than large populations.
Small populations exist in western and southern Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Small populations experience a different mating environment than large populations.
Small populations extend into eastern Colorado and New Mexico.
Small populations face bigger risk of extinction than large ones.
Small populations found in other states, including Wyoming, exist because of transplantation.
Small populations harbor less genetic variation than large populations.
Small populations have a much better chance to develop into a new species than larger populations.
Small populations have low population density, which causes low fruit and seed production.
Small populations live in Wisconsin and Michigan.
Small populations lose genetic diversity over time.
Small populations lose much of their genetic variability.
Small populations persist for shorter periods than larger populations.
Small populations thrive in other localities.
Small pores make lambskin condoms ineffective in protecting against viruses that cause STIs.
Small portals prove that size matters .
Small portfolios are available for easy transporting.
Small portion is removed by septic haulers.
Small portions can act as a side dish to the salmon or as a main dish for any vegetarian guests.
Small portions go a long way.
Small portions make for positive mealtime interactions when children ask for more.
Small posts are less likely targets but can still cause damage.
Small posters are avalible for Silicon Valley only.
Small pots dry out almost daily in winter.
Small pots dry out faster than large planters.
Small pots dry out faster than large pots.
Small pots fill with mixture.
Small pots fill with soil mixture.
Small pots restrict root growth, dry out too fast, and often result in limited growth and flowering.
Small pots restrict the root area and dry out very quickly.
Most small pots fill with mixture.
Most small pots fill with soil mixture.
Small potato contains potassium.
Most small potato contains potassium.
Small potholes can get by on less.
Small potholes grow into large potholes very quickly.
Small powers get relatively smaller in a world with a growing population.
Small powerboats pull fight up onto the beaches.
Small pox is a virus that is transmitted in person to person contact.
Small pox is one disease that never dies.
Small pox is passed directly from host to host with no intermediary carrier and with minimal delay.
Small practices can also refer to the draft guidance itself to develop their standards of conduct.
Small practices offer more personalized care.
Many small practices find contract lawyers fit beautifully into their business strategy.
Most small practices require only a single fileserver computer.
Small prams are available for anchoring off-shore.
Small press is a community of dissimilar people with one interest in common.
Small press seeks elder writings for publication.
Small presses are our best example of the freedom of the press in America.
Small presses are willing to nurture good writers and risk taking on unusual subjects.
Small presses can take a chance, and often do.
Small presses do indeed have a lot to offer.
Small presses face the same problems that the big guns have.
Many small presses sell most of their books through mail order and do quite well.
Small prey are picked up in the bill and swallowed.
Small prey consists of insects.
Some small prey includes insects.
Small price makes it easy to budget a kit for every vehicle and office.
Small primates see more gaps in the canopy than large primates.
Small print adds to local papers only work alright.
Small print gets even tinier on a notebook screen.
Small print is a reservation
Small print is a series of reminders to help the mediator with the flow of the mediation.
Small print is difficult for council members to read and for the camera to pick up.
Small print is out.
Small print is print.
Small print is useful for long makefile compiles while large print is easier for file manipulation.
Small print leads to large risk.
Small print says three year contract.
Small prints appear to be solid colours and large prints with dramatic colours are striking.
Small prints are available.
Small prints tend to be made by people with delicate bones.
Small printers are also available to print milk weights instead of manually recording.
Small prizes encourage people to join in the activities.
Small prizes make the game more exciting.
Small prizes serve as anti-truant enticements as well as reading awards, etc.
Small problems are almost always feasible to compute.
Small problems build to create debilitating conditions.
Small problems can quickly become bigger ones in older pets.
Small problems get bigger when they are neglected.
Small problems grow into large ones.
Small problems have tens of thousands of alternatives to consider.
Small problems multiplied by many lines of code become big problems.
Every small problem has a government solution.
Small producers benefit from industries spawned by the corporations.
Small producers burn sulfur wicks in their empty barrels.
Small producers can exercise more control over quality.
Small producers can pool their resources and use a single distillation unit.
Many small producers customize each chair, building it exactly to order.
Small products are more deliverable and maintainable.
Small production allows highest quality to be the goal of our work.
Small profile allows for eyewear or goggles.
Small programs are best when they are short, obscure and concise.
Small programs are easier to combine with other tools.
Small programs are easy to maintain.
Small programs are easy to understand.
Small programs can cost as little as a few hundred dollars.
Small programs consume fewer system resources.
Small project estimating and renovation support is provided by the planning and estimating section.
Small projects are a great way to introduce the class to writing and coding.
Small projects are more vulnerable to the burdens of transaction costs than are large projects.
Small projects are perfect for trips and poolside.
Small projects can translate to tremendous improvement.
Small projects lead to relationships.
Every small project turns monumental.
Many small projects are better than one big one.
Many small projects can have more impact than one coherent big one.
Some small projects have low environmental significance.
Small projections are gentle on tender reflexes.
Small propellers push the harvesting vessel stern first through the water.
Small proportions enter the soil in rainfall or through the effects of lightning.
Small protectors are usually fences of wood or wire mesh.
Small proteins are reabsorbed by pinocytosis, digested, and the amino acids diffuse into the blood.
Small proteins are responsible for packing the DNA into units called nucleosomes .
Most small proteins fold in seconds.
Small publications face crippling defence costs and are asking for financial support.
Small publications have to be aware of the dangers of costly lawsuits.
Small publishers are anything but lazy.
Small publishers are different than the larger ones.
Small publishers are in a better position to develop personal relationships with their customers.
Small publishers are natural entrepreneurs.
Small publishers are resourceful.
Small publishers have a hard enough time promoting themselves to bookstores and libraries.
Small publishers have to divide the proverbial crumbs.
Small publishers publish small books, and big publishers publish big ones.
Small publishers tend to be quick on their feet.
Many small publishers concentrate on one particular area of writing.
Most small publishers perish by trying to become too big too quickly.
Most small publishers send books out for printing and binding to a big conglomerate printing house.
Small pugilists inflict the amount of damage listed in parenthesis on the table.
Small pumpkins give the best results.
Some small pumpkins have habits.
Small pupils indicate that the bird is in a perfect state of mind for learning.
Small purchases can add up and make it difficult to meet important obligations.
Small pustules appear on the underside of leaves.
Small pustules can also develop.
Many small pyramid shaped mounds indicate their presence.
Small quakes are OK .
Small quantities are a speciality.
Small quantities are available at wholesale, larger quantites are available for distributors.
Small quantities are available for the individual artist.
Small quantities are available free of charge.
Small quantities are available from stock.
Small quantities are available from Vulcan distributors.
Small quantities are available, specifically geared to the small business owner.
Small quantities are best.
Small quantities are cost effective.
Small quantities are cost- effective.
Small quantities are harder to measure correctly.
Small quantities are no problem.
Small quantities can result in permanent damage and loss of vision.
Small quantities improve flavor and keeping qualities of wine.
Small quantities induce feelings of well-being, relaxation, and loss of inhibitions.
Small quantities is our specialty.
Small quantities occur in many vegetable oils and are removed during refining.
Small quantities only- about a half inch per rabbit.
Small quantities prepreg, fabric, resins and films supplied via e-mail orders.
Small quantities remain de facto legal in Colombia.
Some small quantities are still available from stock as oxide or metal.
Small questions make for small movements.
Small railroads can help enhance rail competition in America.
Small rain lays great dust.
Small raindrops are especially good at trapping air bubbles underwater and are surprisingly loud.
Small ramps raise it and drop it in place.
Small ranges represent genera, while families and higher groups are represented by larger ranges.
Small rapids begin to materialize along the otherwise peaceful stretches of the Colorado.
Small ratios ensure the highest possible safety standards.
Small rectum is also visible.
Small reductions are occasionally possible when many items are purchased.
Small refiners have additional time and flexibility to meet the sulfur standards.
Small refreshments are available in the visitors center.
Small refrigerators are available for hire.
Small refrigerators are available for rent at a small fee.
Small refrigerators are available for rental.
Small refrigerators are available to residents at no cost.
Most small relays can safely pass several amps without the contacts overheating.
Small releases have less chance of going wrong and are easier to fix if there are problems.
Small relief Go back a little and choose a better way.
Small repairs done properly can prevent minor repairs from becoming major expenses.
Small repairs go a long way.
Small repairs welcome.
Many small reptiles are highly vulnerable to all kinds of carnivorous animals.
Some small reptiles escape city sewers.
Small requests are free for a requester in the first and third categories.
Small resistors behave like very wide tubes, where large water currents can flow easily.
Small restaurants are located in the area and a full service city is located within thirty minutes.
Small restaurants line each wharf area and offer reasonably priced fantastically fresh seafood.
Small restaurants serve seafood and there are public rest rooms.
Many small restaurants offer one basic meal with a couple of variations.
Small retailers find they can boost sales by attracting orders on Web sites.
Small retailers have little time nor inclination for detection work.
Small retailers know because they are losing customers and are being forced out of business.
Small retailers scramble for slot in online auctions.
Some small retailers feel the same.
Small reunions can be as much fun as big ones.
Small revisions can have dramatic effects on our calculations.
Small ripples appear on water surface.
Small ripples become huge waves.
Small ripples brush the creek's surface.
Small risks loom large.
Small rivers are a different kettle of fish.
Small rivers flow through the reserve.
Small rivers flowing out of the mountains give rise to mangrove boarded estuaries at the coast.
Small rivers join together and become medium-sized rivers.
Small rivers makes large torrents.
Small rivers run along streets lined with cars, nearly cleaned by the loving blessing.
Many small rivers join it to make it a large river.
Many small rivers make it easy for small boats to reach Hanoi.
Many small rivers originate on the elevation and flow in all directions from there.
Some small rivers flow into the lake.
Small rivulets are everywhere and flowers too.
Small robots are also less noticeable allowing for covert operations in hostile territory.
Small robots grovel in the orange dirt, scooping up raw material to feed to the fractionating oven.
Small rock slides across Cedar River.
Small rocks are often nearby to also help secure the tent to terra-firma.
Small rocks are then placed on top of the culvert, then dirt is added toward the top.
Small rocks tend to have a poor fauna .
Small rockets provide a third technology for creating microgravity.
Small rodents are a very important food, but birds, beetles, carrion, eggs and fungi are also eaten.
Small rodents are considered the most important reservoir hosts.
Small rodents are pounced on and bitten across back and neck.
Small rodents are prey to gopher snakes, sharp-tailed snakes, and western garter snakes.
Small rodents are significant dispersers of tree seeds in a Neotropical forest.
Small rodents dig pits.
Small rodents eat leaves.
Small rodents eat young leaves.
Small rodents feed on plants.
Small rodents form the bulk of most weasels' diets.
Small rodents gnaw holes in the shell and leave characteristic marks around the edge.
Small rodents have hearts.
Small rodents have life.
Small rodents have vertebrae.
Small rodents inhabit habitats.
Small rodents live in climates.
Small rodents live in temperate climates.
Small rodents weigh ounces.
Most small rodents dig pits.
Most small rodents eat leaves.
Most small rodents eat young leaves.
Most small rodents feed on plants.
Most small rodents have hearts.
Most small rodents have life.
Most small rodents have vertebrae.
Most small rodents inhabit habitats.
Most small rodents live in climates.
Most small rodents live in temperate climates.
Most small rodents weigh ounces.
Some small rodents eat truffles.
Some small rodents feed on woodlouses.
Some small rodents get pneumonia.
Some small rodents live in arctic tundra.
Some small rodents live in tundra.
Some small rodents share territory.
Many small roles require only a minimum of rehearsal time.
Small room hire charge.
Small rooms add to the ambiance and effectively separate smokers and non-smokers.
Small rooms appear and feel larger.
Small rooms are different than large rooms.
Small rooms are less susceptible to collapse.
Small rooms branch off from the main eating area.
Small Rooms Seem Large Tricks for making it seem so.
Some small rooms are used by monks.
Small roots are more tender, but both texture and flavor improve after the first frost.
Small roots develop knobby outgrowths.
Small rosettes adorn the tops.
Small rosettes can disappear and become a stalk rising straight out of the ground.
Small rosters call for players to fill many rolls.
Small round berries grow on bushes.
Small round berries grow on huckleberry bushes.
Small rowboats can be rented - just keep an eye out for wind surfers and the occasional jet skier.
Small rubies are popular for use in anniversary rings to wear alone or in the company, of diamonds.
Small ruffles are fine, but avoid large frills, bows, or other similar elements.
Small runs are a specialty and both design and pattern facilities are available.
Small runs are no problem.
Small runs work well on semi automatic or pattern lathes.
Small saccades serve no useful purpose.
Small sacrifices add up to big savings over time.
Small sacrifices done with love add up.
Small sailboats are displacement boats up to the point where the boat starts planing.
Small sailboats are mostly for open lakes and inlets, useless in a river with current.
Small salad is made of lettuce.
Most small salad is made of lettuce.
Most small salamanders can climb glass and plastic with ease.
Small sales build a company.
Small sales create trust and build relationships.
Small salmon are easy prey for many species of fish, birds, and mammals.
Small salmon runs.
Small samples are above with a link to the pictures in the members section.
Small samples are excellent.
Small samples are free of charge.
Small samples are highly vulnerable to chance influences.
Small samples can be representative, and even a sample of one is sufficient in some cases.
Small samples have correlation coefficients that tend to bounce around a great deal.
Small Samples Imagine a sample of the heights of four persons.
Small samples provide a lower probability of being close to the sample mean.
Small samples update.
Some small samples are avail.
Small sandwiches are convenient to carry, and fromage frais pots are a portable size.
Small sardines are most prized.
Small satellites are the norm, instead of the exception.
Small satellites deliver significantly more bang for the federal buck.
Small savers are as valued as large businesses.
Small savings add up quickly and significantly.
Small savings are as important as big ones.
Small savings are cumulative and add up to greater financial independence.
Small scale allows closer attention to detail.
Small scale implies more abstraction, large scale less.
Small scale means Large area covered by the map.
Small scale pulping for local needs uses less energy and is environmentally sound.
Small scales are to the right on the figure.
Small scales tend to detect small features, and larger scales larger features.
Small scars resembling blisters show up along the leaf veins and stems.
Small scavengers are also very effective in decomposition.
Many small scenes are excellent.
Small schemes offer an opportunity to develop and try out new types of regeneration initiative.
Small scholarships are available to help exchange students meet additional expenses of study abroad.
Small scholarships are available.
Many small scholarships require just one letter of support from a faculty member.
Small school means limited shelf space, after all.
Small schools allow teachers to simplify the organization rather than simplify the children.
Small schools are a significant feature of Scottish education.
Small schools are better for most students than larger schools.
Small schools are heterogeneous, and commit to figuring out how to bring the genius out in everyone.
Small schools are in no way better than large schools.
Small schools are less likely to intimidate parents, who are then more likely to get involved.
Small schools are particularly beneficial for disadvantaged students.
Small schools are particularly vulnerable and their closure has a large impact on students.
Small schools are places where students get more attention, perform better, and are happier.
Small schools are superior.
Small schools are the way to go.
Small schools are very much like families.
Small schools are what make the tournament interesting.
Small schools can be like small towns where everybody knows everything about everything else.
Small schools can benefit particularly from sharing facilities, technicians or bursary support.
Small schools can get small sets.
Small schools can hold students accountable for their attendance and academic progress.
Small schools do provide the advantage of personalized service.
Small schools face tough choices.
Small schools get the individual attention at all levels.
Small schools have fewer incidents of negative behavior.
Small schools have fewer incidents of negative social behavior.
Small schools have higher graduation rates, less violence and more parent involvement.
Small schools have indisputable benefits for student achievement, attendance and safety.
Small schools have the highest rate of high school completion .
Small schools have their drawbacks, though.
Small schools make such knowledge a possibility.
Small schools provide curriculum as deep and broad as that offered in larger settings.
Small schools represent a particular opportunity and challenge for school leaders.
Small schools require individuals that can do almost anything.
Small schools tend to make teachers feel better about their job.
Small schools work.
Many small schools have an agreed-upon focus or theme.
Some small schools offer less selection but higher quality in specialty areas.
Some small schools operate in a structure totally their own.
Small science helps define the goals and directions of large scientific data gathering projects.
Small scopes are actually preferred.
Small scopes show a softly glowing lightball.
Small scorpions are common in the parts of the bay area.
Small scorpions resemble adult scorpions.
Small scraps decorate the corners.
Small scratches left by the wafer during exposure cause a short mask lifetime.
Any small scratch can cause a skip in finished vinyl.
Small screens are out.
Some small screens cover aquaria.
Small screws hold the bones in their new positions.
Some small scuds are also present.
Small sculpins prefer mayfly nymphs and small worms.
Small seashells work just as well, as do marbles.
Small sections are familiar and doable.
Small sections cover Jordan, Syria and Lebanon.
Small sections promote personal student-professor contact and provide time for individual coaching.
Some small sections are complete, but it appears to be a gargantuan task.
Small seed contains less endosperm and therefore is less desirable for milling.
Small seeds are edible.
Small seeds contain carbohydrates.
Small seeds have fruit.
Small seeds keep pods round and smooth.
Most small seeds contain carbohydrates.
Most small seeds have fruit.
Some small seeds contain endosperms.
Small seedlings appear unobtrusively in fall, then bloom the following spring.
Small seedlings are more susceptible to damage than larger seedlings.
Small seedlings grow vigorously without any sign of damp-off.
Some small segments appear authentic.
Small seminars allow close student-faculty contact and support the learning experience.
Small server promises greater performance and system reliability.
Small serving is more than enough.
All small sets are punch claw set with large ones being prong set.
Small shampoo bottles fill with hot water.
Small shampoo bottles fill with water.
Small shapes can be custom machined to size from monolithic blocks.
Small shareholders are less likely to sell because of short-term volatility in revenue or earnings.
Small shells can enhance one corner of a card as well.
Small shelters provide protection from sudden storms.
Small shifts are fairly common.
Small ships are ships.
Small ships can maneuver better.
Small ships can manoeuvre better.
Small ships give it a wide berth.
Small ships show an explosion if missile hits target add source.
Some small ships adorn the Sea of Moscow.
Some small ships have gyms and spas, albeit modest ones.
Some small ships have sails.
Small shipments are costly.
Small shipments go to Johannesburg, South Africa at times.
Small shippers can compete with larger ones for better rates.
Small shoes cause friction, resulting in blisters.
Small shoots are high in cyanide content and are desirable to cattle.
Small shop acts as a tiny automotive store or junkyard.
Small shop has wood timbers that outline the stone, brick and stucco exterior.
Small shop means lots of different projects, and more control over design.
Small shops are still the backbone of the machining industry.
Small shops deserve no less.
Small shops have tighter tolerances, which translates to a flawless product.
Small shops line the road next to the railway station.
Small shops line the streets selling everything from electronic items to clothes.
Small shops pay a small percentage-based fee.
Small shops perfect for craftsmen, artisans and professionals are also available.
Small shops selling silks, garland a circle of flowers or leaves worn as a decoration.
Many small shops line the main street for gifts and souvenirs.
Many small shops line the tree filled streets and the hint of sea air is ever present.
Most small shops contract a gear job to a gear specialist.
Most small shops provide training on a more informal basis.
Small shoulders suggest the opposite.
Small shrimp being harvested in bays can double their weight in only two weeks.
Small shrimp means less money to shrimpers.
Small shrimp taken from rock pools and yabbies are reportedly the best flounder baits.
Small shrub ca.
Small shrubs are useful in multilevel plantings as a transition from ground covers to trees.
Small shrubs can block heat reflected from patios and pavement.
Small shrubs can grow in warmer parts of the Arctic, as well as various herbs, mosses and lichens.
Some small shrubs have flowers.
Some small shrubs have white flowers.
Small side vents ad ease in styling.
Small sign has a few small chips.
Small signs are available for rows of theatre seats or church pews which are in the looped area.
Small signs are limited to bulletin boards and A-frames.
Small signs identifying companies are at the entrance to each office.
Small signs make up the bigger picture.
Small signals are negative numbers.
Small silhouettes show how a bird's wings change shape in flight.
Small sins lead to big consequences.
Small sinkholes are common on upland terraces.
Small site offer details of borrowing privileges and resources.
Small sites are perfect for smaller companies who want to make an impact on the world wide web.
Small sites expect growth, too.
Small sites get to leverage the bandwidth and storage of their users to reduce costs.
Small sites take as little as a week or two.
Small sites welcome.
Small size adjusts a Clark style headset to fit children and small adults.
Small size allows animal to hide in foliage or in tree hollows when danger threatens.
Small size allows flexible placement.
Small size allows installation in limited space.
Small size allows limited space applications such as array arrangement.
Small size allows long gliding push-offs and lots of roll on smooth surfaces.
Small size brings some drawbacks, however.
Small size end off.
Small size enhances their ability to carry a bigger person.
Small size fits many urinals and prevents clogging.
Small size fits weanlings to yearlings and it also has an adjustable chin strap.
Small size goes together with rapid metabolism.
Small size has other consequences as well.
Small size helps develop balance and spatial awareness.
Small size holds one cassette.
Small size is a proven success story.
Small size is a value feature.
Small size is all that is available.
Small size is also suitable for children.
Small size is associated with yappy behavior so the two are connected genetically.
Small size is critical for a small-cap fund.
Small size is fundamental to our entire educational philosophy.
Small size is ideal for many applications.
Small size is ideal for travel.
Small size is important in a very practical way.
Small size is mainly suitable for children.
Small size is more advantageous when trying to survive dry and cold and snowy conditions.
Small size is no barrier to looking well established.
Small size is suitable for use in even the smallest species.
Small size is the advantage.
Small size is very easy to carry.
Small size leads to laser stability and mass reproducibility.
Small size makes for easy throwing of the ends.
Small size makes great night liners.
Small size makes it awkward to install.
Small size makes it easy for parents to match a child to a pony.
Small size makes it great for travel.
Small size makes removing and installing the starter much easier.
Small size makes valuable floor space more profitable.
Small size means it gets dropped a lot.
Small size packs a big data gathering punch.
Small size tends to be accompanied by many of the risks listed below.
Small size uses ball knob feet.
Small size works best with finely cut herbs.
Small sizes are a double-edged sword, however.
Small sizes are available.
Small sizes are ideal for ornamental designs.
Small sizes tend to be more susceptible to oil spotting than large sizes.
Small sizes travel nicely to the shows.
Small sizes use more packaging for each ounce of product than larger sizes.
Small skis suck, long skis truck.
Small slicks popping in a relatively confined area are so indicative of heightened opportunity.
Small slights continue every day.
Small slops fall along the coast when the muck is transported to a drying area near the villages.
Small snacks are also easier for elderly people to digest.
Small snacks are available at depot.
Small snacks include fruit.
Small snacks provide energy.
Many small snacks is better than gorging three times a day.
Most small snacks provide energy.
Some small snails belong to families.
Some small snails feed on algas.
Some small snails lack a radula.
Small snakes can be just as deadly as big snakes.
Small snakes eat bugs and frogs.
Small snaps hold the sleeves tight at the wrist.
Small snowballs are excellent material for the arms.
Small society s keep themselves small on purpose.
Small socks tend to be fashionably colored.
Small socket fits into tight places.
Small soils are inextensive in southeastern Idaho.
Small soils are on nearly level to undulating mountain slopes.
Small solutions are smaller tools like gcc, gmake, or find.
Small songbirds are the most frequent victims of illegal trapping on the Mediterranean island.
Small songbirds have necks.
Many small songbirds travel thousands of miles.
Most small songbirds have necks.
Some small songbirds eat seeds.
Small space can be hard to find.
Small space chunks regularly strike the atmosphere forming meteor showers.
Small space is required and it is safe.
Small spaces are of course more difficult to map a work flow pattern on.
Small spaces are our speciality.
Small spaces are very difficult to find, and when they are found, they are leased very quickly.
Small spaces can support large numbers of small individuals.
Small spaces devoted to jazz also seem to be making inroads in the casinos.
Small spaces limit the amount of experimenting and impulse planting that can be accommodated.
Small spaces offer cover to small fish, and large spaces similarly attract larger fish.
Small spaces seem bigger to the eye when papered with small prints.
Small spacecraft are nothing new.
Small spade lets it make.
Small spalls are evidence of moving ground and are indications of potentially hazardous situations.
Small speakers are convenient size-wise, but somewhat lacking in bass response.
Small speakers are defenseless.
Small speakers are great.
Small speakers positioned near each ear provide stereo audio cues.
Some small speakers sound pretty mushy on transients from tom-toms and other percussion.
Small specs are the general trading public with commercials being financial institutions.
Small specs feed mainly on shrimp and small fish.
Small species congregate along the shorelines and around bridge pilings.
Small species grow more rapidly than large species.
Some small species look and live like prairie dogs, digging burrows in the soil.
Small specimens do well in large eco-column units.
Small spheres appear to be a kind of earth based jeep.
Small spheres are still quite popular today as gazing balls.
Small spheres expand to the size of a small child.
Small spiders poke holes into their prey and suck out the juices through the holes.
Small spikes show quick variations such as long protrusions which quickly retract.
Small spills are to be handled directly by laboratory personnel.
Small spills can sometimes occur.
Small spills wipe up with paper rags and place contaminated items in closed metal waste container.
Small spinners are also productive.
Small spinners are always good for feeding bluegill.
Small spinners can take fish too.
Small spinners seem to yield the best results, although some try their hand at fly fishing.
Small spinners work good in deep holes and dams.
Small spinners work very well also.
Small spinners work well, especially with the addition of a small worm.
Small spoons are also an option, especially when casting.
Small spots appear to evoke just a smile, which is fine.
Small spots occur on bolls marking the feeding points.
Small springs provide drinking water, but the people depend upon rain to give life to their crops.
Small spurs represent the vestiges of hind limbs.
Small squares are poly twine tied.
Small squares show appointments on a given day.
Small squashes are another space-saving vegetable.
Small squid have the ability to move rapidly through the water.
Small squid is an important item.
Small stairwells make a rope on a pully the only way to move large peices into the apartments.
Small stalactites predominate on the cave roof.
Small stands serve inexpensive meals including sushi.
Small stands surrounded by young trees provide a variety of thermal situations.
Small stars are cool and red.
Small stars burn fuel slowly and last a long time.
Small stars can only convert hydrogen to helium.
Small stars can produce certain elements up to sulfur, by the alpha process .
Small stars fly by as well.
Small states are more likely to have a culturally homogenous population.
Small states are the homes of efficient patriotism.
Small states count The electoral college system does have many advantages.
Small states face particular threats from economic shocks and natural disasters.
Small states have small numbers that are hazardous to interpret.
Some small states have biennial budgets because their legislatures meet every two years.
Small staterooms serve the officers for occasional cruises away from Louisville.
Small stations exist but they operate in a perilous environment.
Small steps add up in reducing fat.
Small steps are best.
Small steps are better than no steps.
Small steps are fine.
Small steps are often successful, but sometimes bigger steps are quicker.
Small steps are often the only things that can be done.
Small steps are real and important.
Small steps are sometimes prudent.
Small steps are taken by individuals.
Small steps bring incentive to take another step.
Small steps can add up to big results.
Small steps can be monumental achievements.
Small steps can become large strides that make way for new paths and directions.
Small steps can have great impact.
Small steps can help anyone become a safer driver.
Small steps can lead to great effects.
Small steps can make a big difference in helping low vision patients remain independent.
Small steps can make a world of difference.
Small steps can take place far more easier than one giant leap.
Small steps could have impact.
Small steps could have major impact.
Small steps count.
Small steps do pay off in the long run.
Small steps facilitate shaping because they place reinforcement within the reach of the individual.
Small steps lead to big results.
Small steps lead to big rewards.
Small steps lead to bigger and better things.
Small steps lead to increased rewards and thus academic behavior is shaped.
Small steps lead to larger ones.
Small steps lead to larger victories.
Small steps lead to more steps.
Small steps make a big difference.
Small Steps Make a Difference .
Small steps prevent big losses.
Small steps require less trust in the unknown and less risk for the listener.
Small steps take less time to complete.
Small steps transform plans into completed projects.
Small steps work better than a big leap in the long run.
Small steps work better than a giant leap.
Small steps work better than giant leaps.
All small steps help.
Every small step counts.
Every small step leads to a bigger one.
Many small steps add up to big long-term gains.
Many small steps count for far more than one giant step.
Most small steps are taken by individuals.
Small stickers are especially nice to seal envelopes and give greeting cards a special touch.
Small stipend is available if the intern is able to work above six hours a week.
Small stipend is available.
Small stipend is offered.
Small stipends are available for full-time interns.
Small stocks allow investors to achieve large diversification benefits.
Small stocks are in every efficient portfolio.
Small stocks are still on sale and there is plenty of opportunity.
Small stocks are very volatile, and can rise or fall greatly within days or hours.
Small stocks do carry certain risks.
Small stocks have higher average returns than big stocks.
Small stomachs can handle less at meal times, making nutritious snacks essential for most children.
Small stomachs can handle less at mealtimes, making nutritious snacks essential for most children.
Small stone monuments mark places.
Small stones are more likely to be symptomatic than large stones.
Small stones are relatively abundant, but large fine stone are quite scarce.
Small stones are swallowed to assist in the grinding up and digestion of the plant material.
Small stones are the norm.
Small stones blanket the tiny mounds marked with two crossed sticks.
Small stones can pass through the urinary system without causing problems.
Small stones form the packing.
Small stones lodging between the toes can also be a problem.
Small stones occur in mortar joints in rubble stonework for two reasons.
Small stones pass easily into the ureter through the urine.
Small stones pass straight through with a minor disturbance of the bristles.
Some small stools contain blood.
Small stores are among the first casualties of widened roads.
Small stores are closed, but shopping malls are open.
Small stores are commissaries.
Small stores are more likely to be sensitive to the neighborhoods they serve.
Small stores can survive and thrive.
Small stores fill the area, cramped between the oversized department stores, and office buildings .
Small stores take more care.
Small stores tend to be ugly.
Many small stores are inside the city wall.
Some small stores have good deals, but they are generally picked clean.
Some small stores sell money orders.
Some small stores specialize.
Small stream runs through property.
Small streams are identified with low numbers, while larger tributaries have higher numbers.
Small streams are important suppliers to all the lakes.
Small streams are repositories of contemplation.
Small streams can simply be the headwaters of larger, better-known trout rivers.
Small streams criss-cross wet sedge meadows and marshy tundra.
Small streams cross almost every hole.
Small streams cross the path and in spring and summer, wildflowers abound.
Small streams cross the trail and descend in picturesque unnamed waterfalls.
Small streams dissect the hills before joining South Boulder Creek.
Small streams drain the mountain ranges and all areas have internal drainage.
Small streams flow into streams.
Small streams join larger ones and are, themselves, joined by even smaller streams.
Small streams offer excellent trout fishing.
Small streams run along side the trail on a couple of different parts of the loop.
Small streams run over the rocks at the sides of the road as well as down the road itself.
Small streams tumble down the steep slopes of the sink, disappearing through crevices at the bottom.
Small streams turn all too fast into raging torrents.
Many small streams originate near the margins of the sub-subsection.
Most small streams flow into streams.
Small streets shimmer, they say providentially as myths whiff again, out.
Small strides are the only way many goals are reached.
Small stripers are very powerful for their size and provide exciting action.
Small structures are easier to change.
Small structures form early and then coalesce into larger ones.
Small structures resonate with higher frequencies.
Small students can compete on an equal basis with the larger students.
Many small studios use commercial color rods to give their cleaer glass a tint.
Small studies show promise, now multicentre trials are going ahead.
Small subpopulations have a greater chance at speciation.
Small subsets can bedecompressed independently from the bulk of the compressed data.
Small success leads to big success.
Small successes are the best way to achieve big successes.
Small successes breed bigger ones.
Small successes build confidence, and a little praise goes a long way.
Small successes build the foundation to culture change breakthroughs.
Small successes create a school culture that is committed to continuous improvement.
Small successes give fledgling civil societies the confidence to take more steps.
Small successes have a habit of developing into larger successes.
Small successes lead to bigger successes.
Small successes lead to larger success.
Many small successes result in much larger ones.
Small suggestion can really make a big difference in terms of cost and saving money for a company.
Many small sunspots are also visible.
Small supermarkets are a couple of minutes walk from the club.
Small supply is available.
Small surfaces are tough.
Small surprises can create huge rewards in a relationship.
Small surprises can turn into big ones.
Small swamps pepper the hills of Harriman.
Small syringes are for heroin users.
Small systems are also great options for bachs and cribs.
Small systems are numerous and needy.
Small systems can choose other ways to distribute their reports.
Small systems treat raw water to potable water quality.
Most small systems have a small amount features.
Small table shows translated conjuctions.
Small tables allow for flexibility in arranging the room and offer convenient writing surfaces.
Small tables allow more flexibility than large tables.
Small tables fill the room.
Small tables line the perimeter of the bar.
Small tables line the walls.
Small tadpoles eat flake food.
Small tadpoles eat food.
Small tadpoles hatch out after two to three weeks .
Small tadpoles hatch out after two to three weeks.
Most small tadpoles eat flake food.
Most small tadpoles eat food.
Small tags are suitable for both cats and toy pets. .
Small tags are suitable for both cats and toy pets.
Small talk becomes a big challenge.
Small talk becomes desperate.
Small talk builds bridges.
Small talk can be very comforting and soothing. . . .
Small talk can lead to bigger things.
Small talk dies away as passengers lose breath.
Small talk helps break the ice.
Small talk is a conversation
Small talk is a form of respect and a deposit of trust.
Small talk is a great way to get to know new people.
Small talk is a learned art.
Small talk is a normal part of everyday life.
Small talk is fine.
Small talk is generally a waste of space.
Small talk is important because it leads to big talk, big business, and best friends.
Small talk is important.
Small talk IS important.
Small talk is indeed the foundation of communication.
Small talk is just an exchange of basic information, but it's a good way to start a conversation.
Small talk is more than small talk.
Small talk is one of the most subtle and under- appreciated social skills.
Small talk is part of sharing and relating common human experiences.
Small talk is really nothing more than listening and asking questions.
Small talk is standard and reputation and rumor have yet to bottle the hopes of the lonely.
Small talk is tedious and the trivialities that make the world turn seem all but absurd.
Small talk is the key to most of our relationships.
Small talk is the small change of social life.
Small talk plays a vital role when conducting business.
Small talk reveals a little more.
Small tanks are unstable and quickly go bad.
Small tape rip on back cover, which is an advert for Brutal Planet.
Some small tape marks on spine.
Small tarpon are everywhere.
Small tarpon are in the river and producing a lot of action on light tackle.
Small tasks become overwhelming ordeals.
Small tasks become victories Kids are tapping on their Palms from first period to last.
Small teachings lead to acts.
Small team approach in solving a situation exercise presented in class.
Small teams can change on a dime.
Small teams can now have sponsors all across the globe.
Small teams can play well and go far enough to matter.
Small teams communicate among members.
Small teams help provide the necessary focus.
Small teams travel the country carrying out environmental and civic projects.
Small teams work and learn in Plan Lab for up to a year.
Small teams work best.
Small teams work in a disciplined fashion to ensure the intellectual control of work in progress.
Small teams work on industrial projects.
Many small teams have some quickness but play lethargically.
Small tear extends into border.
Small tears are especially good candidates for nonoperative therapy.
Small tears require immediate attention and can be temporarily repaired with mylar tape or decals.
Small tears show up as in the ligament material of the annulus.
Small telcos are in the wars after the One.tel collapse.
Small telescopes are a valuable if sometimes underappreciated resource for ground based astronomy.
Small telescopes bring out the other two members, making it one of the finest binary sights.
Small telescopes show details.
Small telescopes show small straight and curved lines and a number of bright orange stars.
Most small telescopes show details.
Some small telescopes have designs.
Some small tendrils grow on stems.
Small tents are made by the larvae prior to molting.
Many small tents lack any decent vestibule at all, and are a bit amateur.
Small terminals are always preferable to big terminals.
Small text becomes unreadable.
Small text is for less important information.
Small text is useful sometimes.
Small text is very fashionable.
Some small theropods have feathers.
Small thickness avoids the problem of self-absorption of emitted radiation.
Small thing s that individuals do can, collectively, have a big impact.
Small things amuse etc. etc.
Small things amuse small minds.
Small things are cute.
Small things are easier to analyze than large ones.
Small things are truly no trouble at all.
Small things are what make great things possible.
Small things attract light minds.
Small things become big things when someone is undergoing cancer treatment.
Small things become great by the touch of love and delight.
Small things become hurtful.
Small things become important in process change.
Small things become large and priorities change.
Small things become sublime pleasures to new parents.
Small things become terribly significant.
Small things can add up to big confusion if ignored.
Small things can affect how the tire layers adhere.
Small things can and do accumulate into big ones.
Small things can be very powerful.
Small things can bring big results, both good or bad.
Small things can cause big differences.
Small things can cause big troubles.
Small things can grow, multiply, and make a big difference.
Small things can have big effects.
Small things can make a big difference in efficiency.
Small things can make a big difference.
Small things can make a huge difference.
Small things can make a HUGE impression on a toddler.
Small things can make epochs in married life.
Small things can make the food attractive without the added calories and expense.
Small things can really make a change.
Small things can throw it off very easily.
Small things can yield great results.
Small things cause problems in Iran.
Small things count.
Small Things depicts an India torn by conflicts of caste and politics.
Small things do count.
Small things done day after day are really effective.
Small things go, like shocks can leak, etc., like anything else.
Small things grow great by concord.
Small things have great force when systems are in fragile balance.
Small things help, too.
Small things help.
Small Things is a novella padded out with dank atmospherics.
Small things lift the team.
Small things make a big difference.
Small things make a strong impression'.
Small things make base men proud.
Small things make big differences.
Small things matter extraordinarily.
Small things seem to happen all the time.
Small things Skip the movie.
Small Things start to get rowdy in that back corner come afternoon.
Small things suggest refinement, large things reflect strength and dominance.
Small things take on a greater dimension.
Many small things give the impression of being one bigger thing.
Some small things have to be changed to keep up with the changing times.
Small thoughts produce small heat.
Small thumbnails grow to larger, clearer pictures for better viewing.
Small thumbnails link to larger art images.
Small tiles produce smoother images, but makes the operation very slow.
Small titters ring through the room.
Small toads can help determine the presence of contamination.
Small tonnages occur in South Australia, Tasmania, and New South Wales.
Small tools are easy.
Small tools are frequently expenses when purchased or are included as inventoriable current assets.
Small teeth are of various species.
Small tooth pick pieces of wood chips.
Small top fits C cup, medium top fits D cup, bottom has adjustable tie sides.
Small top fits C cup, medium top fits D cup.
Small tornadoes can even accompany tropical storms and hurricanes that move over land.
Small tortoise have long nails that are easily caught in cloth.
Small tortoises have small burrows and large tortoises have large burrows.
Small toucans use abandoned woodpecker holes.
Small touches can work wonders when it comes to customer retention.
Small touches enhance the airy decor.
Small touches make the stay, like an iron and ironing board in every room.
Small touches make the stay, like an iron and ironinging board in every room.
Many small touches create a brighter, bigger, better cabin.
Small touchscreen makes input error-prone and difficult without a stylus.
Small tours are available year around.
Small tours emphasize a personalized experience.
Small town feel - global reach.
Small town feel with access to larger city, perfect for a family that enjoys skiing.
Small town feel with quaint walkways, town square, and neighborhood parks paint the village picture.
Small town feel, but big city population.
Small town feel, lotsa dust.
Small town feel, national dialups.
Small town makes for difficult shooting.
Small towns abound in Texas.
Small towns appear to be especially hard hit by lawsuit-related cost the survey shows.
Small towns are as apt to be shown as big cities.
Small towns are dangerous.
Small towns are desperate for local news.
Small towns are different from suburbs or cities.
Small towns are great, and suburbs have their purpose.
Small towns are in abundance here.
Small towns are in danger of being wiped off the map.
Small towns are notorious for keeping skeletons in the closet especially to outsiders.
Small towns are preferable, in part because antique-retailing areas stand out more.
Small towns are so homogenous.
Small towns are the state's specialty.
Small towns are townships.
Small towns are very vulnerable societies.
Small towns are where it's at.
Small towns are wonderful places to visit.
Small towns can be a great place to be a stoner.
Small towns can work together in accomplishing even big projects by marshaling resources.
Small towns come and go, but the curves just keep coming.
Small towns do have their own economies and many large companies are located in small towns.
Small towns dot the map across vast areas of stark, high desert or deep mountain valleys.
Small towns fold layers and layers of relationships back upon each other.
Small towns have a much larger proportion of small independent businesses.
Small towns have a whole different set of rules than larger cities.
Small towns have basic stores that are privately owned.
Small towns have fewer cultural experiences than cities.
Small towns have generalists.
Small towns have great hearing.
Small towns have problems with effective government and reaching consensus among the governed.
Small towns have to help one another.
Small towns hope to boost commerce with weekend-long faires.
Small towns hug the rocky shore of Lake Superior, and quaint shops offer a little bit of everything.
Small towns look much like many small older American towns.
Small towns occur like a whim.
Small towns offer life on a manageable scale.
Small Towns Read about careers that are possible of a small town.
Small towns seem to be deteriorating throughout the state.
Small towns share the landscape with banana and coconut plantations.
Small towns surround the lake and are serviced by dugout canoes and a few motor launches.
Small towns take care of their own.
Small towns tend to be more conservative.
Small towns tend to revolve around the gas station, the local shop, the post office and the bank.
Small towns welcome trail users along the way.
Every small town goes through it at one point or another.
Every small town has a good old boy who made it big.
Every small town has a police force.
Every small town has both.
Every small town has tall-tale tellers and they'll try to outdo one another.
Many small towns dotting the eastern third of the state are pre-Revolutionary War.
Many small towns established before the creation of the border still dot the Texas Valley.
Many small towns have a lot of nice buildings for which there is no economic demand.
Many small towns have impressive sporting facilities such as stadiums, golf clubs and so on.
Many small towns have legends of extraordinary people, sometimes as lowly as town drunkards.
Many small towns have local TV stations where average people can afford to place notices.
Many small towns have two or three vacant churches.
Many small towns have week-end celebrations.
Many small towns strive to keep the world at arm's length.
More small towns dot the route, along with more orchards and roadside stands.
More small towns melt past the slow-moving train, shells of their former selves.
Most small towns are short of young men.
Most small towns are that way.
Most small towns have at least one outdoor beer garden on an obscure side street.
Most small towns have volunteer fire departments.
Some small towns have bases.
Some small towns have tax bases.
Some small towns offer little in the way of vegetarian fare.
Some small towns show examples.
Small toys are to be kept for break-times only.
Small tracheae run parallel with the longer cells of the ommatidia.
Small tractors spot the planes on the flight deck.
Small traders are also most likely to respond to market news after the fact.
Most small traders are happy to pay the touts small premium to obtain their supply.
Small traffic compared to the available commerce of the region is sufficient.
Every small tragedy is a large one for some people.
Small trains carry visitors to the top.
Small tray fits inside larger tray for easy storage.
Small tree ca.
Small trees allow the majority of the fruit to be harvested from the ground, without tall ladders.
Small trees are approx.
Small trees are bushy and have limbs in the water.
Small trees are easier to manage and usually productive enough.
Small trees are ideal for informal groupings as they require much less room than larger specimens.
Small trees are less expensive, easier to handle, and are more likely to survive.
Small trees are most susceptible.
Small trees are sometimes completely girdled and killed.
Small trees become big trees.
Small trees begin to sway.
Small trees bloom in summer.
Small trees can be especially vulnerable.
Small trees can be just as productive as big trees.
Small trees contain substances.
Small trees create habitats.
Small trees create wildlife habitats.
Small trees die standing, and bigger ones fall over.
Small trees find sustenance in the small canyon, lending their rich velvet green to the display.
Small trees get nutrients.
Small trees grow in climates.
Small trees grow in tropical climates.
Small trees grow to feet.
Small trees grow to height width.
Small trees grow to width.
Small trees grow up to feet.
Small trees have places.
Small trees produce large sweet to slightly tart crabapples, and many trees are disease-resistant.
Small trees provide a sense of enclosure and a backdrop for the rest of the garden.
Small trees provide colorful flowers, fruit and foliage.
Small trees reach height.
Small trees rot rapidly, creating wildlife habitat.
Small trees start to appear.
Small trees surrounded by uncultivated land are most susceptible to injury.
Small trees sway.
Small trees take advantage of the dirt accumulated in the old cracks.
Most small trees bloom in summer.
Most small trees contain substances.
Most small trees create habitats.
Most small trees create wildlife habitats.
Most small trees get nutrients.
Most small trees grow in climates.
Most small trees grow in tropical climates.
Most small trees grow to feet.
Most small trees grow to height width.
Most small trees grow to width.
Most small trees grow up to feet.
Most small trees have places.
Most small trees reach height.
Some small trees add interest.
Some small trees bear flowers.
Some small trees belong to families.
Some small trees belong to weasel families.
Some small trees grow in patches.
Some small trees grow on slopes.
Some small trees grow on sunny slopes.
Some small trees have good shade tolerance.
Some small trees have tolerance.
Some small trees produce berries.
Small tremors are common in the country.
Small tremors can open cracks in the masonry, which are then vulnerable to water in cold weather.
Small tremors continue to be felt at various locations across the state.
Small trials suggest shorter courses with larger fractions offer similar pain relief.
Small triangles indicate excitatory connections, and small circles inhibitory connections.
Small tributaries reside in the and easily entrench valleys that slope towards the river.
Small tributaries trickle over waterfalls as they make their way to the gorge.
Small trout continue to grow and are fed a commercially processed trout food.
Small trout feed primarily on small crustaceans.
Some small trout are in Burnt Mill Creek.
Small trucks come and go, some late at night, unloading burlap bags with strange markings.
Small trucks offer faster service.
Small truckers are especially hard hit.
Some small trusts provide funding for people from particular towns or from particular backgrounds.
Small tubes connect ears.
Small tubes connect middle ears.
Small tubes have a greater total surface area then large tubes.
Small tubes run through the box, carrying the water or other fluid such as antifreeze to be heated.
Most small tubes connect ears.
Most small tubes connect middle ears.
Some small tubes carry sugar.
Some small tubes contain broths.
Some small tubes insert into windpipes.
Small tubing requires careful adjustment for concentricity.
Small tumors are common on eyelids.
Small tumors are usually asymptomatic and of no clinical significance.
Small tumors produce hearing loss, tinnitus, and imbalance.
Small turbines have fans.
Most small turbines have fans.
Small turnouts allow party machines undue influence.
Small tutorials can, but they are very expensive.
Small twigs can transform a dime store candle into a stunning centerpiece.
Small type is difficult to read because of the resolution of the type's display.
Small type is fuzzy and indistinct on a TV screen.
Small type is hard to read, particularly for older readers.
Small type is harder to read.
Small type is improved by anti-aliasing.
Small type is okay, as long as it can be read without difficulty.
Small typo fix for replying to pings.
Small ugliness is there too.
Small ulcers suppurate and infiltrate with purple hardness.
Small ungulates share habitats.
Small units are the essential element in all jungle operations.
Small units begin consolidating into larger units.
Small units can get closer to the customer and the citizen, to the patient or to the student.
Small units go by various names, including sites, micro-ecosystems, land types, and land units.
Small units have a throwaway membrane and filter cartridges.
Small units have emphasis on swimming, canoeing, backpacking, history, or arts and crafts.
Small units increase the chance of being able to re-use some of what is used elsewhere.
Small units increase the chances of being able to use some of what is on offer from elsewhere.
Small units make shell-craft, furniture, bakery products, wheat flour, etc.
Small updates are typically free.
Small updates occur sometimes on a daily basis.
Many small users contribute to the system by buying printer supply items.
Small utilities room with washing machine etc.
Small v's run- ning between the lobules of a gland.
Small vacuoles are present in the cytoplasm.
Small value is paid to human life.
Small values are appropriate for quiescent data from sites with well determined coordinates.
Small values express high precision.
Small values give more precise performance.
Small values give significant increases in performance.
Small values indicate high resistance.
Small values indicate that the zeros and ones are intermixed too evenly.
Small values make the method run more slowly and with more numerical accuracy.
Small values represent dark areas of an image, while large values represent bright pixels.
Small vans drive on the main roads of the island and pick up whoever wants to get a ride.
Small variation influences life.
Small variations are quite acceptable.
Small variations can make the drink less effective or even harmful.
Small variations drive big changes.
Small variations give each instrument a unique sound.
Small variations have profound effect.
Small variations tend to be greatly amplified when the speeds and feeds are turned up.
Small vehicles offer much less protection in crashes than larger ones.
More small vehicles are definitely in our future.
Small vendors are likely to have more problems than larger ones.
Small vendors compete effectively against huge companies, given the power of communication.
Small ventricles are a desirable result of shunting, but they can sometimes cause problems.
Small venue lends itself to small acts.
Small vertebrates are typical prey for the larger species of motmots.
Small vertebrates include lizards.
Small vesicles break off and move toward the cell membrane.
Small vesicles coalesce to form larger blisters.
Small vesicles containing terpenoids accumulate in the cytoplasm.
Small vesicles fill with toxins.
Most small vesicles fill with toxins.
Some small vesicles contain food.
Some small vesicles contain proteins.
Small vessels can anchor closer to the outer mole.
Small vessels carry blood.
Small vessels have the advantage of being able to hug the coastline.
Small vessels operate inter-island services.
Small vessels seem to work best, presumably because our lifespans are so short.
Most small vessels carry blood.
Some small vessels cause damage.
Small vexations excite no sympathy, but deep affliction calls forth the greatest.
Small victories are better than none.
Small victories begin to add up - a little calm here, a little relief there.
Small victories bring much joy.
Small victories count.
Every small victory is important.
Small views are irresolute, The more in haste the heavier they go.
Small villages cluster around oases and thin seasonal waterways.
Small villages dot the landscape and the major problem they face is poverty.
Small villages dot the valleys and hillsides.
Small villages dot tiny islands that barely stand above the mud and water.
Small villages have homes.
Small villages have massive churches.
Most small villages have homes.
Small vineyard is located just above the home.
Small vineyards are all edge.
Small visitors can play Indian games and explore a life-sized teepee in the children's room.
Small volcanoes dot the Valley.
Small voltages move the electrons and a current can flow.
Small volume saves money on expensive reagents.
Small wagers can get high returns.
Small wars erupt within cities over who has the right to sell crack, and where.
Many small wars require many small to medium arms, the kind they specialize in.
Small warheads enable more than one bomb to be placed on a single missile.
Small warthogs are very susceptible to changes in temperature as well as food shortages.
Small water features such as ponds or small waterfalls over rocks can also attract juncos.
Small water stain in lower margin.
Small water stain in the bottom blank margin corner, otherwise good condition.
Small water stain on the upper outside corner of the pages.
Small waters can be better than large lakes during early season for several reasons.
Small waterfalls are common, and many of the streams have steep, bedrock ravines.
Small waterfalls drop into it from the cliffs above.
Small waterfalls moan and groan as trapped air escapes.
Small waterfalls punctuate the bar from intriguing recessed carving into adjacent wall space.
Small watersheds are usually part of larger watersheds.
Small watersheds make up the larger ones.
Small waves bobble the kayak.
Small waves can be shorter than a billionth of a meter.
Small waves can be very dangerous, too.
Small waves develop, becoming longer, whitecaps.
Small waves lap at the boat as seagulls circle overhead, awaiting the opportunity for a quick lunch.
Small waves slap against the hull as it rises and falls ever so gently with the motion of the sea.
Small waves slap the pilings.
Small wavelets develop, crests are glassy.
Some small weapons contain a very small fraction of nuclear energy.
Small webs are present between the toes of the hind feet.
Small websites are more visible on the web if they are grouped together with similar sites.
Small websites are welcome.
Small weddings are our specialty.
Small weddings are their speciality, with wedding and honeymoon packages available.
Small weddings welcome.
Small weeds are easier to control than large weeds.
Small weeds are easy to destroy, and weed control is improved by cultivation during dry weather.
Small weeds come out easier and die faster than large weeds with well established root systems.
Small weeds jut out from the rocks near the cascades.
Small weevils are likely to be rice weevils, a stored grain pest.
Small weight is all that is really necessary when drifting eels.
Small wetlands occur locally.
Small wetlands play a vital role in maintaining healthy ecosystems.
Small wheels are for use in the studio, mountain bike wheels for moving the camera off road.
Small wheels turn accelerate more quickly.
Small whelks are easier to carry, so the net energy lost is lower.
Small whelks are easier to chew, so less energy is lost.
Small whisks are really important.
Small white flowers appear in springs.
Small white flowers appear in summer.
Small white flowers bloom in early springs.
Small white flowers bloom in springs.
Small white moths life in habitats.
Small wholesalers can expect to hold a large market share only in very restricted geographic areas.
Small width allows passage through doors, hallways and elevators.
Small wildlife abounds at the resort.
Small wind turbines have fans.
Small windows allow for the monitoring of specific variables, local variables, or the call stack.
Small windows appear.
Small winemakers face similar obstacles.
Small wineries are the place to learn about wine appreciation, grape growing, and winemaking.
Many small wineries concentrate their marketing on restaurants.
Many small wineries ship on allocation because demand outstrips production.
Small wingless insects have length.
Small wires run from meter head to included shunt near the battery.
Small women find that the smaller suits are too snug in the hips and bust, and gape in the middle.
Small women tend toward nervousness, headaches, shortness of breath, and general irritability.
Small wood burning stoves add to the atmosphere.
Small wood is where environmental and community interests seem to come together.
Small works are often indescribably potent.
Small works form an important and cherished part of our work.
Small workouts equal one whole workout.
Small workshops help participants learn from each other as well as project staff.
Small world play with dinosaurs.
Small worms are easier to kill than large worms.
Many small worms can move a lot more stuff through their intestines.
Small worries can become major anxieties.
Small wounds bleed and suppurate.
Small wounds bleed much.
Small wreaths demand more finely textured materials.
Many small wrinkles are probably better than a few big ones.
Small wrists are weaker than large wrists.
Small yachts are often over blocked.
Small yellow flowers appear in springs.
Small yellow flowers have petals.
Small yellow paintballs the size of bath beads fly through the air.
Small zinnias make good edgers for summer annuals, filling in after spring pansies.
Small zoo is tucked away in Reid Park.
A small is a body part
Smalls are body parts.
Smalls are narrows.
Smalls are part of backs.
Smalls are size.
Smalls are special order.
Smalls now has eight interceptions in just five games.
Smalls treats the material without pretense, leaving it guileless and thus accessible to readers.
Smallar varieties have a nice arching pattern.
Smaller accessories seem to work best with capris.
Smaller accounts are welcome.
Smaller accounts invest in mutual funds, while larger accounts invest in individual securities.
Smaller acids are likely to be undetected or lost as butyl esters during work-up.
Many smaller acquisitions involve the integration of founder-controlled businesses.
Smaller activity spaces open doors to family and friends while nurturing friendships for the lonely.
Smaller ads can have significant impact if they're developed and placed effectively.
Smaller ads load faster and are more likely to be viewed.
Smaller ads run in the back, and some readers never get that far.
Smaller adjustments can allow turning or other maneuvers.
Smaller adults have lower bone density than larger adults.
Smaller advertisements require warnings in proportionately smaller type sizes.
Smaller advisers can tailor their services to their specific clients' needs.
Smaller agencies are among the best-kept secrets in federal law enforcement.
Smaller agencies can benefit as well.
Smaller agencies face other problems in administering their financial activities.
Smaller agencies pay less.
Many smaller agencies are unable to provide coverage for their employees.
Most smaller agencies have correspondingly small budgets.
Smaller aircraft are much more vulnerable for a number or reasons.
Smaller aircraft employ a mechanical linkage instead.
Smaller airlines fly to a limited number of cities, or to cities within a specific region.
Smaller airlines operate to places which have smaller landing grounds or have less traffic.
Smaller airplanes are as safe as any others.
Smaller airplanes transport people and goods from other villages around Alaska.
Smaller airports provide the necessary transportation link for small communities to larger markets.
Smaller airports rely on trucking.
Much smaller airports have bigger budgets for their master plans.
Smaller airways are only about one half the size of adult's.
Smaller aldehydes are more soluble in water.
Smaller alligators tend to hang out in shallow holes.
Smaller amounts are also easier and faster to thaw and heat.
Smaller amounts are and can made for trial printing runs for specific customers.
Smaller amounts are devoted to scientific research, telecommunications systems, and operations.
Smaller amounts are easier for people to part with and it all adds up.
Smaller amounts come from forest fires, weathering rocks, and dust.
Smaller amounts come from near Venezuela and the Gulf of California.
Smaller amounts come from ocean spray, forest fires, weathering rocks, and dust.
Smaller amounts come from other bodies for specific schemes or projects and a number of trust funds.
Smaller amounts come from uranium and hydroelectric power.
Smaller amounts occur in all meats, fish and poultry.
Smaller amounts occur in various coal deposits world wide.
Smaller angles concentrate the sun more, but require more frequent adjustment to follow the sun.
Smaller animals appear as background elements such as spiders and rats.
Smaller animals are always more maneuverable than large animals.
Smaller animals are in greater danger of ingesting a lethal dosage.
Smaller animals are quite the escape artists, so tight fitting lids are a necessity.
Smaller animals are subordinate.
Smaller animals can use the same door.
Smaller animals have a higher surface area to volume ratio than that of large animals.
Smaller animals have relatively shorter antlers.
Smaller animals live in the canopy and trees, while larger animals live on the forest floor.
Smaller animals moult more frequently than larger ones.
Any smaller animal is possible food.
Any smaller animals is possible food.
Many smaller animals are also common around the village, including foxes, otters, and beavers.
Many smaller animals are natural climbers.
Smaller antennas can see more sky within their beam patterns, but have less gain.
Smaller anticyclones tend to be white.
Smaller aperture shows a fairly even, gray disk.
Smaller apertures give a longer depth of field.
Smaller apertures give more colours, but, the automatic printing process usually turns the sky grey.
Smaller apertures give more sensitivity to faint objects but increase the errors.
Smaller apertures permit higher pressures but reduce beam current.
Smaller appetites can opt for a single bowl or other limitations for a lower price.
Smaller areas are available too.
Smaller areas are less likely to cause seizures.
Smaller areas are marked out.
Smaller areas have their followers, too, especially families with younger children.
Smaller areas occur in Australasia and southern South America .
Smaller areas occur in Australia and southeastern parts of the Republic of South Africa.
Smaller areas occur in southeast Asia from Bangladesh to Vietnam and in the eastern United States.
Smaller areas take less time than that.
Smaller areas tend to be seen as figures against a larger background .
Smaller areas tend to fill in naturally, provided the lawn grass is capable of spreading.
Smaller arms are all futuristic sounding and really add to the wonderful assault on the ears.
Smaller arrays suffer from loss of resolution and increased mutual coupling.
Smaller arrows have proportionally smaller speeds.
Smaller arrows represent subcategories of listed item.
Smaller arrows show the joint space narrowing.
Smaller arteries branch off from the aorta .
Smaller arteries branch off from the aorta and carry blood to organs and tissue.
Smaller arteries branch off from the aorta.
Smaller arteries branch out into even smaller vessels.
Smaller arteries branching from the aorta carry blood to all parts of the body.
Smaller arteries extend from sides and posterior end of the heart.
Smaller assignments receive check, check-plus, or check minus and are balanced into final grade.
Smaller attendance decreases revenue at the gate.
Smaller babies are more likely to develop health problems.
Smaller babies are more vulnerable to infections and other diseases.
Smaller babies maywant to take a short rest in between breasts.
Smaller backyards discourage people from owning pets.
Smaller bacteria require the work of a purifier, rolling boil or chemical treatments.
Smaller bags are a little harder to control because they swing around more.
Smaller bags can be hand puppets.
Smaller bags offer quick access to key items in sidebags, packs or cargo bags.
Smaller bags use less energy for cleaning.
Smaller baits catch more fish and also a larger variation of fish species.
Smaller baits seem to suit cold winter waters.
Smaller balls are less likely to cause injury.
Smaller banks can issue cards without becoming an issuing member by being an agent.
Smaller banks generate new products at a faster rate than larger players.
Smaller banks insist they'll weather the downturn just fine.
Smaller banks tend to limit their use of derivatives for risk management purposes.
Smaller banks tend to limit their use of derivatives to risk management purposes.
Smaller banks tend to limit their use of derivatives to risk management transactions.
Many smaller banks view the score as one factor among many in lending.
Smaller banners allow for more per page with less intrusion.
Smaller banners are also okay.
Smaller banners are expectable.
Smaller bars cure faster than larger ones.
Smaller bars indicate smaller amounts of points.
Smaller barrels have relatively more surface compared to the contents.
Smaller bass eat worms, hot dogs, crickets.
Smaller batteries mean shorter battery life.
Smaller battles lead to a final conflict at the criminals' stronghold.
Smaller beans take longer to cook because of their dense centers.
Smaller beans work better.
Smaller bedrooms give students experience of nursing patients at home in the community.
Smaller beets are most flavorful.
Smaller bikes climb easier and handle better.
Smaller birds can catch their heads in some toys made for larger birds.
Smaller birds can nest in the nest material and are usually ignored by the osprey.
Smaller birds enjoy hanging toys and swings.
Smaller birds have smaller territories.
Smaller birds live for shorter lengths of time.
Smaller birds require the same vet care and regular examinations.
Smaller birds stop here in numbers, dodge groups of people, chatter in foreign languages.
Smaller birds tend to have lower normal leukocyte counts.
Smaller birds tend to have more feathers per area than larger birds although fewer feathers total.
Smaller birds tend to migrate in broad fronts across the landscape.
Smaller bits use less fluid.
Smaller blades slip more when loaded, providing fluid shock absorption.
Smaller blocks allow more fine-grained access.
Smaller blocks tend to stop earlier and become trapped between boulders.
Smaller blotches occur on the sides.
Smaller boards are generaly better for flip tricks while wider boards are prefered by vert skaters.
Smaller boards are more sensitive to control.
Smaller boards spin faster.
Smaller boats are available by request for high adventure trips.
Smaller boats are available for day-trips.
Smaller boats are lighter and require less brawn, but often require agility and stamina.
Smaller boats are safer here.
Smaller boats feel the waves and wind conditions much more than larger ones.
Smaller boats use a rectangular ensign with the emblem in the canton.
Smaller bodies have less rotational kinetic energy, so they become tidally locked faster.
Smaller bones provide smaller reserves of calcium to the body.
Smaller bonefish continue to outnumber the big fish on the shallows of most Bahamas destinations.
Some smaller booksellers offer books banned in other nations.
Smaller booths tend to hold start-ups with aggressive business plans and big dreams.
Smaller bores are also available.
Smaller bottles are easy to pack and balance.
Smaller bottles are usually available.
Smaller bottles make higher pitched sounds.
Smaller boxes are more mobile.
Smaller boxes mean smaller cases, making it easier for volunteers to handle and transport cookies.
Smaller braids branch off from the cord.
Smaller brains appear true of most mammals of the time.
Smaller brains require less calories for dogs to survive.
Smaller branches are gray with a little brown.
Smaller branches are stout, round and smooth.
Smaller branches correspond to middle rankings, i.e., the orders, families and genera.
Smaller branches user for cuttings form roots after being removed from the plant.
Smaller breeds are more likely to suffer injury or death.
Smaller breeds attain sexual maturity at a much younger age .
Smaller brewers are able to develop a regional flavor.
Many smaller breweries make up the rest of the market.
Many smaller broadcasters are perfectly content with their analog systems.
Smaller brushes work better for smaller children.
Smaller budgets mean less buying clout in the industrial marketplace.
Smaller bug fixes in the task gemtools.imcoadd.
Smaller builders pay the price because their access to land is more difficult.
Smaller buildings are in the form of a football and a hamburger.
Smaller buildings are often cheaper.
Smaller bulbs are often available as an affordable alternative for naturalizing.
Smaller bulbs can be a planted a little closer and less deep.
Smaller bulbs result in fewer flowers the following year.
Smaller bundles dry more quickly.
Smaller bungalow features a bedroom and full bath.
Much smaller burns ignite almost daily.
Smaller buses are better than larger ones.
Smaller buses do have seat belts.
Smaller bushes are produced where winters are cold with short growing seasons.
Smaller businesses are far more likely to avoid liquidation than larger corporations.
Smaller businesses are likely to provide future employment in the region's secondary forest sector.
Smaller businesses are likely to provide future employment in the region's value-added sector.
Smaller businesses are lucky if they have one person dedicated to the whole ball of wax.
Smaller businesses are where most of the innovation and expansion are occurring.
Smaller businesses can benefit from our small business support.
Smaller businesses can join the technology wave and have an Internet presence.
Smaller businesses can move faster than their larger competitors.
Smaller businesses can move quickly and nimbly.
Smaller businesses can sometimes combine order transmittal and order retrieval into one step.
Smaller businesses complete the link with compatible stores.
Smaller businesses depend on the area in which they physically exist in order to surevive.
Smaller businesses depend on the area in which they physically exist in order to survive.
Smaller businesses face the longest payment delays.
Smaller businesses find it especially difficult to devote resources to workplace safety.
Smaller businesses tend to be closer-held.
Some smaller cabins have bunk type beds with a ladder to access the top bunk.
Smaller cables are more robust and less prone to breakage.
Smaller cables are typically of neoprene construction, molded with high-durometer polyurethane.
Some smaller cafes serve it as do all restaurants.
Smaller cakes are available for purchase.
Smaller calderas are near by, in New Zealand's volcanic zone.
Smaller cameras are less intrusive.
Smaller cameras are more portable.
Smaller campaigns are allowable if they tie into our music or syndication offerings.
Smaller campaigns can generate unrealistic highs and lows.
Smaller campuses are more likely to gain high ratings than large campuses.
All smaller candles are standard candles.
Most smaller canids hunt alone or in pairs, preying on rodents and birds.
Smaller canopies impart a greater G-loading during opening than do larger ones.
Smaller canyons harbor ancient cliff dwellings and dramatic nature sculptures.
Smaller canyons lead off to the north and south, but the main passage slinks on west.
Smaller capacities mean tickets become harder to get, forcing fans to buy advance or season tickets.
Smaller car turns on ignition, after that, note the silence.
Smaller cars are generally more fuel efficient.
Smaller cars are the inevitable result of energy reduction mandates.
Smaller cars have more severe crash injuries.
Smaller cars lead to more fatal accidents.
Some smaller cars require a permanent hitch.
Smaller carboys are available for low-volume or concentrated liquid wastes.
Smaller cards are from miniature decks.
Smaller cards feel more formal and personal.
Smaller carp are favorite prey of pike, muskellunge, smallmouth and large trout.
Smaller cats are also able to eat a baby okapi.
Smaller cattle are more likely to occur in some strains of British breeds.
Smaller cells allow one frequency to be reused more often, so more people can go wireless.
Smaller cells are easily visible under a light microscope.
Smaller cells increase accuracy but also require more data storage.
Smaller cells mean many more cells to cover the same area.
Smaller cells require more careful water and nutrient management.
Smaller centers have folk festivals, stage plays, fiestas, flea markets, street musicians, etc.
Smaller chambers are for raising female worker bees, larger ones are for raising male drones.
Smaller chambers are optionally available with stands in standard or custom heights.
Smaller chambers pock the hillside east of the main chamber and appear back filled.
Smaller changes abound.
Smaller changes do occur more frequently.
Smaller charities make donor research one of the jobs of the director of development.
Smaller children are at a disadvantage in a collision with a larger child.
Smaller children can also learn about being safe on the Web.
Smaller children can attempt to ring an entire large pumpkin with a hula hoop.
Smaller children can color or paint and send holiday pictures they've created.
Smaller children can play musical chairs with Hawaiian music for the tunes.
Smaller children can steer the cars while an adult controls the gas and brake pedals.
Smaller children love making their own cards with construction paper and crayons.
Smaller children love to get really messy.
Smaller children love to put shiny things in their mouths.
Smaller chips are easier to spread, especially around small plants.
Smaller chips are naturally faster, because a signal takes less time to travel down shorter wires.
Smaller chips tend to be easier to spread, especially around small plants.
Smaller choirs specialize in, say, spirituals and anthems.
Smaller chunks come from the breakup of ice that forms on the ocean every winter.
Smaller chunks melt faster, but the size is only important for fitting the wax into the can.
Smaller churches can help in other ways, too.
Smaller churches can realistically raise several thousand dollars in less than two weeks.
Smaller churches do a better job at some things than larger churches do, and vice-versa.
Smaller churches have a more personal contact with their shepherd.
Smaller churches pay less.
Smaller churches struggle to provide the services offered by larger churches.
Many smaller churches exhibit inferior qualities.
Smaller cigars are better.
Smaller circles are also effective.
Smaller circles represent a smaller range of opinion.
Smaller circles rotate faster than larger circles.
Smaller circuits appear to have more safety valves.
Smaller circulation means fewer advertising dollars, which in turn leads to newsroom staff cuts.
Smaller cities cooperate with larger cities' SWAT teams.
Smaller cities rely on the rabbi.
Most smaller cities have few if any restrictions or regulations regarding their historic districts.
Smaller classes allow each student to receive greater focus from the instructor.
Smaller classes allow for improved communication between home and school.
Smaller classes allow for personalized attention to each child's needs.
Smaller classes allow for quality time.
Smaller classes allow more contact between the teacher and each child.
Smaller classes allow students and faculty to get to know each other well.
Smaller classes allow teachers to provide their students with more individual attention.
Smaller classes allow teachers to spend more time on instruction and less time on discipline.
Smaller classes allow teachers to teach more effectively.
Smaller classes allows for improved communication between home and school.
Smaller classes are a pollster's delight.
Smaller classes are also more effective than large ones in affecting student attitudes.
Smaller classes are definitely better.
Smaller classes are easier to manage, teachers say.
Smaller classes are friendlier and more intimate.
Smaller classes are just part of a bigger effort to improve instruction in the schools.
Smaller classes are most important in boosting achievement.
Smaller classes are so much more manageable.
Smaller classes bring higher achievement.
Smaller classes can combine into one the roles of environmentalist and scientist.
Smaller classes can promote the interaction needed for successful development of language skills.
Smaller classes contribute to an effective, enjoyable atmosphere conducive to easy learning.
Smaller classes create fewer problems and more opportunities to give students personal attention.
Smaller classes do lead to a more positive attitude toward the subject matter of the course.
Smaller classes encourage a more intimate, intensive, and stimulating learning experience.
Smaller classes ensure a lower student-faculty ratio than many of the larger institutions.
Smaller classes ensure pupils get individual time with the teacher.
Smaller classes facilitate personal attention and provide ample opportunity for discussion.
Smaller classes foster close relationships among students and faculty.
Smaller classes give teachers more time with individuals.
Smaller classes help kids learn the basics and improve classroom discipline.
Smaller classes help, as do strong relationships with teachers or mentors.
Smaller classes let teachers give more focused attention to each child.
Smaller classes lift student achievement, particularly for minority and disadvantaged students.
Smaller classes make a difference for a variety of reasons.
Smaller classes make for greater learning experiences.
Smaller classes make sense.
Smaller classes make such a difference.
Smaller classes make the greatest impact in the early grades.
Smaller classes mean children get more attention from their teachers.
Smaller classes mean increased access to computers and scientific equipment.
Smaller classes mean more attention from instructors.
Smaller classes mean more individual instruction and attention both in and outside the classroom.
Smaller classes mean more individualized attention, and improved student learning.
Smaller classes offer more direct instruction and face-time with the teacher.
Smaller classes provide additional benefits for both teachers and students.
Smaller classes result in higher teacher morale and reduced stress.
Smaller classes says it all.
Smaller classes work.
Much smaller classes allow more individual attention.
Smaller classrooms allow for more personalized instruction.
Smaller classrooms are on the second and third floors.
Smaller classrooms can use tupperware sweater boxes or wide and low planters.
Smaller classrooms use mobile multimedia devices, when required.
Smaller clients are commission-based.
Smaller clouds lose pressure equilibrium at lower temperatures.
Smaller clouds make the trip more frequently.
Smaller clubs tend be shabbier than big clubs.
Smaller clusters are hard to resolve with smaller telescopes.
Smaller clusters are more efficient in the use of disk space.
Smaller clutches are more adaptive because they can be raised more secretly.
Smaller clutches can occur when eggs are released under bad external conditions.
Smaller code fits better in the cache, and reduces main memory access.
Smaller collaborations are also important.
Smaller collections are from Scandinavia and Canada.
Smaller collections exist at most branches.
Smaller colleges can have very highly rated departments.
Smaller colleges have smaller departments.
Some smaller colleges offer many undergraduate courses in the form of seminars.
Smaller colonies exist on the west coast of SA and in Western Australia.
Smaller color ranges.
Smaller commissions are what the smart person is accessing.
Smaller communities are the nurseries of larger ones.
Smaller communities are without resources.
Smaller communities can benefit from intermodal transportation options as well.
Smaller communities have few other employment alternatives.
Smaller communities have health stations that operate only part-time.
Smaller communities have tree boards that help the town take care of their trees.
Smaller communities seem to be less dubious to drug life as well.
Smaller communities use paper ballots .
Many smaller communities celebrate their heritage with a variety of fall festivals.
Many smaller communities have a wading pool for their citizens.
Most smaller communities require the owner to be hands on to manage.
Some smaller communities have health stations that operate only part-time.
Some smaller communities have limited services available.
Smaller companies are a good place to look.
Smaller companies are a little trickier.
Smaller companies are always riskier.
Smaller companies are especially good places for rapid advancement.
Smaller companies are even more likely to offer new-hire options across the board.
Smaller companies are farther behind and several countries are leading in compliancy efforts.
Smaller companies are generally a lot less well known.
Smaller companies are likely to require expressive domain names in their own language.
Smaller companies are more nimble.
Smaller companies are often cheaper and it is worth shopping around.
Smaller companies are often more responsive, flexible and cost-effective than big carriers.
Smaller companies are out of business.
Smaller companies are riskier than larger companies and have a higher cost of capital.
Smaller companies benefit because they can then offer buyers competitive financing terms.
Smaller companies can also benefit.
Smaller companies can also have an impact on industry evolution.
Smaller companies can also move quickly to handle internal demands.
Smaller companies can better afford to develop drugs for mid-sized markets.
Smaller companies can derive the same advantages through alliance relationships.
Smaller companies can get into the act, too.
Smaller companies can have a cutting-edge impact on reducing the trade deficit.
Smaller companies can move faster.
Smaller companies can operate on a shoe-string and still be efficient.
Smaller companies can rely on the offering as a turnkey security service.
Smaller companies can sometimes go a month without updates.
Smaller companies can start for very little.
Smaller companies can survive only by touring.
Smaller companies can use intermediaries to pair originators and potential users.
Smaller companies can use it to maximize limited human resources and to build employee involvement.
Smaller companies can use the e-storefront as their primary web presence and to generate new leads.
Smaller companies can use the same technique for big ticket, specialized equipment.
Smaller companies can viably self-insure through a group workers comp situation.
Smaller companies can, and usually do, provide better service than larger companies.
Smaller companies do as well.
Smaller companies find it helpful to send their entire staff.
Smaller companies have a harder time getting noticed on the Web.
Smaller companies have an easier job of differentiating themselves.
Smaller companies have it more difficult.
Smaller companies have less overhead with less or no other ownership involved to feed.
Smaller companies have no option but to share recruiters.
Smaller companies have one or two people to do all their marketing.
Smaller companies have trouble getting the students they want.
Smaller companies have two advantages in reallocating capital.
Smaller companies have two more years to comply.
Smaller companies insuring smaller pools can have admin.
Smaller companies obtain their own pipelines through contracts.
Smaller companies offering elder care benefits tend to come from a progressive tradition.
Smaller companies operate regionally.
Smaller companies provide more service to customers.
Smaller companies rely on exhibitions for their very survival.
Smaller companies seem to have more flexibility, which results in higher client satisfaction.
Smaller companies spend less than half that amount.
Smaller companies struggle to compete on benefits and other bonuses.
Smaller companies taken over by a larger competitor are where speculators find the best gains.
Smaller companies tend to be fussier about such blemishes than the biggies.
Smaller companies tend to be less rigid about formal education and training.
Smaller companies tend to be more capital-intensive.
Smaller companies tend to do things their own way.
Smaller companies tend to focus on capabilities when selling a project.
Smaller companies tend to give better support.
Smaller companies tend to have their sites hosted by third parties.
Smaller companies wishing to gain marketing experience can also benefit from co-promotion.
Many smaller companies are dependent on the large companies for air transport.
Many smaller companies exist, and monthly service fees vary widely.
Many smaller companies promote clerks or technicians into the purchasing department.
Many smaller companies use external training organisations and local colleges.
Many smaller companies utilize older fleets.
Many smaller companies waste time seeking capital through venture capital groups.
Most smaller companies are much more accessible and penetrable than their larger counterparts.
Most smaller companies pay someone.
Some smaller companies are even more levered.
Some smaller companies provide gym memberships for their employees.
Some smaller companies remain but even they are changing in response to competition.
Smaller compartments give more spatial accuracy, and larger ones allow the simulation to run faster.
Smaller competitions can produce interim and final results with a calculator.
Smaller components make faster and more power-efficient semiconductors.
Smaller conferences are easier to get accepted.
Smaller congregations are generally unable to participate.
Smaller congregations are often prime candidates for the Horizon program.
Smaller containers are also available on request.
Smaller containers dry out much faster than larger ones.
Many smaller contests recoup their costs by charging entry fees .
Smaller contributions are also welcome.
Smaller cooperatives expect to be making repairs for weeks.
Many smaller corporations have the most egregious records for exploiting the poor.
Smaller cottages are duplex in style with double or queen-size beds.
Smaller councils have an extra fourth option they can include.
Smaller countries are interested in more children.
Smaller countries have even less control than larger countries.
Smaller counties have no limit on the amount of tax they can impose.
Smaller counties survive better on their own.
Smaller craft are numerous on the lake and large paddlewheelers and cruisers are often seen as well.
Smaller craft operate where there is sufficient demand throughout the country.
Smaller craters are more common than larger ones.
Smaller crickets require warmer temperatures.
Smaller crowds mean less money and less money means smaller salaries for officials.
Smaller crowds mean smaller purses.
Smaller cruisers are suitable for overnight or weekend outings.
Smaller crystals give off blue light, larger ones green or even red.
Smaller crystals result in less chemical segregation and higher mass physical properties.
Smaller cubes get interesting.
Smaller cultivars shine in mixed grass groupings.
Smaller cups have pockets for optional push up pads.
Much smaller currents can affect the electrical firing of the heart.
Smaller customers are just as welcome as larger ones.
Smaller cutters mean less tooth to be ground away.
Smaller cycads are seedlings and one gallon plants.
Smaller cycles can form within the long cycles.
Smaller deadwood is pruned, collected and chipped.
Smaller deals are also easier to install, helping businesses reap the benefits swiftly.
Smaller deals tend to average a shorter sales cycle.
Smaller debt brings lower interest rates.
Smaller decisions tend to be informal.
Smaller defects tend to do so more readily.
Smaller delays mean faster results.
Smaller delays refresh the page faster.
Smaller demonstrations happen daily on campuses and in local communities.
Smaller denominations work best and are easier to change.
Smaller departments share a server and a jukebox.
Smaller deployments cost more.
Smaller destinations have less traffic and offer more runs for the beginner or intermediate skiier.
Smaller devices are inherently faster and cheaper to produce.
Smaller devices are quicker and cheaper to produce than their larger counterparts.
Smaller diagrams detail some specifics.
Smaller diameter enhances detail and lettering work.
Smaller diameter imported poles are available as well.
Smaller diameter is more compact and cheaper.
Smaller diameters are available and the wire can be bought by the roll.
Smaller diameters are available on request.
Smaller diameters reduce friction and, therefore, increase fuel economy and power.
Smaller differences give polar covalent bonds.
Smaller digits load much faster than the larger ones.
Smaller discrepancies are also apparent at several other energies.
Smaller disk is labeled with smaller integer.
Smaller displays provide better portability.
Smaller districts have to be more accountable.
Smaller districts lack the resources needed.
Smaller districts rely more on references and informal sources.
Smaller ditches continue to face uncertainties.
Smaller ditches require less backfill material and the backfill settles less over time.
Smaller documents require the purchase of less paper.
Smaller documents tend to be returned first.
Smaller dogs are preferred.
Smaller dogs get there earlier.
Smaller dogs have more severe symptoms, even become deathly ill.
Smaller dogs tend to have smaller litters.
Smaller dogs tend to pull a bigger percentage of their weight than the bigger dogs.
Smaller domes signal the entrances to two high-stakes rooms for slots and tables.
Smaller donations are also welcome.
Smaller donations pay for signs that are up for limited periods of time.
Smaller doors feature friction-catch door pulls.
Smaller doses are effective in some cases.
Smaller doses are very effective in preventing heartburn.
Smaller doses are much more toxic to children.
Smaller doses mean fewer chances of side effects from the drugs.
Smaller doses stimulate the cardiovascular system.
Much smaller doses are fatal in children.
Smaller dots can give even higher temperatures of operation.
Smaller dots indicate presence over a period .
Smaller dots produce more variability in measurements of printing plates.
Smaller drags produce correspondingly smaller rotations.
Smaller dragonflies make another good meal in a pinch.
Smaller drops means gradients appear smoother and skin tones look more natural.
Smaller droplets increase the drift potential.
Smaller dunes form and migrate along the flanks of the larger dunes and sand ridges.
Smaller earthquakes are much more likely, but they are unlikely to trigger large landslides.
Smaller economies tend to be export-based with only one or two primary products.
Smaller ecosystems exist as well.
Smaller eddies spin off the warm anticyclones.
Smaller eels are more tender.
Smaller efforts are underway in other countries.
Smaller efforts fear to dilute or compromise their focused intentions and radical views.
Smaller elevations house a diminutive kind of polyp without tentacles.
Smaller employers are more flexible on timing.
Smaller employers can more easily establish undue hardship because they have fewer resources.
Smaller employers can now buy coverage on a group basis.
Smaller employers provide a more informal, hands-on training experience.
Smaller employers tread a riskier path.
Most smaller employers post here because it is free.
Smaller enemies have fewer keys.
Smaller ensembles are active in many other cities.
Smaller ensembles arrange their own rehearsal time.
Smaller ensembles become more common, and the saxophone became the dominant solo instrument.
Smaller enterprises are different.
Smaller enterprises are more viable in the current economic conditions.
Smaller enterprises demand value first and foremost.
Smaller enterprises receive shorter questionnaires.
Smaller entities are exempt from disclosure, but, nevertheless, are recommended to make it.
Many smaller entities start the patent process with a provisional application.
Smaller epidemics happen more frequently than pandemics, with one occurring every two to four years.
Smaller equilaterals fit into the central section of each of the three sides.
Smaller equipment is needed for submerged combustion melters than for melters using steam coils.
Smaller equipment is often more useful around home landscapes.
Smaller eruptions produce similar, but less severe and less extensive, phenomena.
Smaller estimates are subject to relatively larger estimation errors.
Smaller events are easier for the organizations to control.
Smaller events are more numerous but last considerably shorter than their larger counterparts.
Smaller events require fewer judges.
Smaller exhibits are on show indoors.
Smaller extinguishers are useless against a typical combine fire.
Smaller eyes mean they're less likely to get filled with soil and injured or irritated.
Smaller facilities mean smaller populations, which translates into less violence.
Smaller families are an individual choice.
Smaller families are thus more advantageous.
Smaller families can influence children to get married and have grandchildren.
Smaller families mean parents are able to invest more in the education and health of their children.
Smaller families receive less.
Smaller farms are more labor-intensive than large farms, and no less efficient.
Smaller farms are more labor-intensive than larger farms.
Smaller farms are more reliant on direct rather than guaranteed loans.
Smaller farms are often more profitable, efficient, and produce more jobs.
Smaller farms tend to receive fewer dollars than larger farms.
Many smaller farms survive by family members having off-farm jobs.
Smaller farmers tend to have crop mixtures.
Smaller faucets are available both with and without escutcheon plates.
Smaller features allow the chip to operate at higher clock speeds and use less power.
Smaller features are attributed to crustal anomalies.
Smaller features can fall between the contour lines.
Smaller fees exist for pool, tennis and social memberships.
Smaller feeders connect with access points on the shore.
Smaller feeders empty out more quickly, so there's less chance of wet, spoiled seeds.
Smaller females seem unimpressed.
Smaller ferns live on trees - both living and dead.
Smaller ferries operate throughout Alaska.
Smaller festivals affect specific churches or locations.
Smaller festivals occur during the rest of the year too.
Smaller fields address all the principles listed at the first of the article.
Smaller figures are usually best for large battles, due to space limitations on the gaming area.
Smaller figures line up across the bottom.
Smaller figures line up at the bottom.
Smaller files appear below the citation.
Smaller files are available.
Smaller files are faster files.
Smaller files are more economical to host than are large files.
Smaller files are more manageable.
Smaller files are, of course, advantageous for both storage and transferring between computers.
Smaller files go fine.
Smaller files load faster , and that's always better.
Smaller files load faster and manage memory more efficiently.
Smaller files load faster and take up less disk space and memory.
Smaller files load faster on the screen.
Smaller files load faster, and manage memory more efficiently.
Smaller files load quickly and are thus more likely to be seen.
Smaller files make it easier to share movies thorough e-mail, or on the web.
Smaller files mean a faster download, and faster downloads mean less on-line time and so lest cost.
Smaller files mean faster page load times.
Smaller files mean less waiting.
Smaller files move faster , reducing time.
Smaller files move faster, reducing time.
Smaller files save memory and download faster.
Smaller files show less dramatic, but still significant, performance improvements.
Smaller files transfer from one computer to another more quickly.
Smaller files transfer in raw mode.
Smaller films can last for hours.
Smaller filters are available for laboratory or pilot plant operation.
Smaller filters cost less and take up less space than larger filters.
Smaller filters hook up to either end of the water tubing.
Smaller fires are everywhere.
Smaller fires save trees.
Smaller firm means lower fees.
Smaller firms advertise any time.
Smaller firms are more likely to be affected.
Smaller firms are the most likely to take a narrow view.
Smaller firms are vulnerable, too, as well as some personal computing applications.
Smaller firms attract accounting grads.
Smaller firms can be more responsive and adapt easily.
Smaller firms can benefit from an understanding of the big players' failures and successes.
Smaller firms constitute the job-creation engine of the nation.
Smaller firms do indeed pay much lower dues than large firms.
Smaller firms face bankruptcy unless they carve niche areas or forge strategic alliances.
Smaller firms find themselves with at least two problems.
Smaller firms have fewer rules and, of course, solo practitioners can operate indefinitely.
Smaller firms have two more years to comply.
Smaller firms offering niche services are also on the lookout for new business in Libya.
Smaller firms pay more of the cost of medical insurance than larger firms do.
Smaller firms recruit nearer to the time.
Smaller firms rely on referrals.
Smaller firms tend to hire during spring months.
Smaller firms tend to pay less than their larger competitors.
Many smaller firms feel they have been thriving by exploiting traditional growth strategies.
Many smaller firms judge ad effectiveness solely by the number of leads generated.
Some smaller firms report that they have been forced offshore to secure needed financing.
Smaller fish are good eating when skinned and filleted.
Smaller fish are more sensitive than larger ones.
Smaller fish are plentiful in the canal area.
Smaller fish are usually closer to shore.
Smaller fish are younger and generally have lower contaminant levels than larger, older fish.
Smaller fish eat less smolts.
Smaller fish enjoy the protection of the structures and larger fish enjoy the smaller fish.
Smaller fish form the building blocks of the marine ecosystem.
Smaller fish hide from larger predators and look for new sources of food.
Smaller fish produce fewer eggs, and therefore fewer young.
Smaller fish tend to just bite off crawler.
Smaller flags stream from cars, trucks, and motorcycles.
Smaller flagpoles are also available.
Smaller flocks settle in the Lower Mainland, while others fly as far south as Oregon.
Smaller floods have a greater chance of occurring and larger floods can and do occur.
Smaller folders represent sub-levels.
Smaller fonts can be useful for printing long documents on less paper.
Smaller footprint saves space.
Smaller footprints save space.
Smaller forms are available.
Many smaller forms are available.
Smaller formats have lower signal to noise ratios and sound quality.
Smaller fractions are much rarer than the larger units.
Smaller fragments move faster than large ones.
Smaller fragments move through a gel faster than larger fragments.
Smaller fragments represent degradation products.
Smaller frame is ideal for hobby projects.
Smaller frames add interest when arranged in groupings or clusters.
Smaller frames are lighter, shorter, and more maneuverable.
Smaller frames are more agile, and some snowshoes are designed specifically for runners.
Smaller frames are stylish now.
Smaller frequencies are further away from the root.
Smaller frequencies have proportionally shorter bars drawn in black.
Smaller frequencies lead to faster melting.
Smaller fruit have better texture and smaller seeds that can easily be eaten.
Smaller fullerenes look like asteroids.
Smaller funds are more nimble, able to buy and sell without affecting prices.
Smaller funds have greater difficulty participating in big rounds of financing.
Smaller funds minimize the cost of market impact, delay, and missed trades.
Smaller gains tend to give sluggish but stable control.
Many smaller galaxies are elliptical.
Smaller galleries spotlight individual artists or contain items related to the main show.
Some smaller galleries keep limited hours so the owners can work side jobs to pay operating costs.
Smaller gardens require less labor and expense than larger gardens.
Some smaller gastropods have neither true gills nor cerata.
Smaller gates can be chainlink or woven wire.
Smaller gears wear out faster than big ones.
Smaller geometry allows more circuits to be packed more closely together.
Smaller geysers spout every five to six minutes.
Smaller gifts are welcome as well.
Smaller gifts are welcome, too.
Smaller gifts go into a fund from which trees, books, and educational materials are purchased.
Smaller glaciers can form at high elevations in low latitudes.
Smaller government means more benefits to all.
Smaller grains adhere extensively to larger grains.
Smaller grains provide better resolution.
Smaller grains tend to produce the optimal consistency and flavor desired for a kefir.
Smaller grants are likely to face less competition for funding.
Smaller grants are possible, but larger grants are rare.
Smaller grants work best for one classroom.
Smaller graphics make downloading the site amazingly fast.
Smaller graphics mean a quicker download time.
Smaller groups allow more personal sharing and a comfort level in discussion.
Smaller groups allow more personal sharing and specific prayer.
Smaller groups allow teachers to know the students better, too.
Smaller groups allow the material to circulate faster among the members than with larger membership.
Smaller groups are also available for intimate parties or for background music for any occasion.
Smaller groups are appropriate for some workshops and discussions.
Smaller Groups are available.
Smaller groups are better for play.
Smaller groups are easier to monitor and easier to motivate.
Smaller groups are good for high-accountability while larger groups are great for fellowship.
Smaller groups are in Djibouti, Yemen and Libya.
Smaller groups are less likely to disturb wildlife and other hikers.
Smaller groups are likely to be challenged by police at every corner.
Smaller groups are more able to interact with the local population.
Smaller groups are more conducive to active participation.
Smaller groups are more effective and take less time.
Smaller groups are possible on request.
Smaller groups are welcome.
Smaller groups can also choose from specially-created small lunch and dinner party menus.
Smaller groups can also form the committees.
Smaller groups can also meet in the more relaxed fireside recreation room.
Smaller groups can attend services and special functions in our chapel.
Smaller groups can book if they are willing to pay a surcharge.
Smaller groups can combine with other groups to meet the minimum enrollment.
Smaller groups can fly at different rates to help the inexperence flyers.
Smaller groups can fly at different rates to help the inexperienced flyers.
Smaller groups can gather in a circle at the altar area or in the front pews.
Smaller groups can gather in the cozy lounge overlooking the lake shore.
Smaller groups can opt to perform their pieces.
Smaller groups enable students to form a unique trust and a tight bond with their peers.
Smaller groups enjoy the conference rooms in the lodge where they are staying.
Smaller groups exist also in Chile, Uruguay and Britain.
Smaller groups foster an intimacy with nature and each other.
Smaller groups gain opportunities to play together.
Smaller groups get together on an ad hoc basis.
Smaller groups give parents a better chance to get to know staff members and each other.
Smaller groups help to encourage a more intimate caring and sharing relationship within the group.
Smaller groups make up the remainder.
Smaller groups mean fewer children to expose others to contagious illness.
Smaller groups mean less noise and chaos, better communication, and more individualized attention.
Smaller groups meet each month as well.
Smaller groups meet in open areas partitioned from hallways by dividers.
Smaller groups participate allowing greater opportunity for interaction.
Smaller groups permit sharing more than larger groups.
Smaller groups play as individuals.
Smaller groups require a credit card number to guarantee the reservation.
Smaller groups seem to be more effective and frequent communication is key.
Smaller groups tend to be dominated by one or two members.
Smaller groups use product work-stations for a very effective, individual learning experience.
Smaller groups visit each month to study and report on the fish, including feeding and growth.
Smaller groups work better.
Smaller groups work together to brainstorm solutions for a particular project.
Smaller guests can even take the trucks for a test drive.
Smaller guides are also more subject to ice buildup.
Smaller gulls are more likely to seek refuge on land.
Smaller guns are easier to load, and therefore can fire more rapidly.
Smaller guns can be more conveivent for smaller fish.
Smaller guys feel second class to the big guys.
Smaller habitats are usually a part ofbigger habitats.
Smaller hands tend to squeeze the ballons in concentration of saving the eggs.
Smaller head creates a professionally finished look.
Smaller heads are good for cooking and for salads, larger heads for making kraut.
Smaller hearts pump less blood with every beat than larger hearts.
Smaller highways lead East and West out of the town.
Smaller holes can create a finer, more vigorous spray for greater scrubbing action.
Smaller holes emit a faster spray for better scrubbing results.
Smaller holes provide less air and consequently less power and speed.
Smaller homes come with their own challenges.
Smaller homes share most of the same fixed costs as a larger home such as bathrooms and kitchens.
Smaller homes use less material, cost less to heat and cool and light, store less junk.
Smaller hooks seem to perform better at night.
Smaller horses are actually more suitable for children and smaller women.
Smaller horses are easier to ride.
Smaller hotels are cheaper but facilities are limited.
Smaller hotels are very good value.
Smaller hotels specialising in 'family style' hospitality can be a cheaper alternative.
Some smaller hotels have draconian ideas about refunds.
Smaller houses have the added advantages of being cheaper to heat and cool and easier to maintain.
Smaller households consume considerably more per person than large.
Smaller icebergs embedded in the frozen sea ice are visible below and to the right of the label.
Smaller icons depict the saints and scenes in the life and resurrection of Jesus.
Smaller iguanas fare better because their foraging and use of energy is far more efficient.
Smaller image is on reverse side.
Smaller images are brighter and sharper.
Smaller images are incomprehensible, but larger ones take too long to download.
Smaller images seem to flicker less.
Smaller images show selected shots from the Little Orleans area.
Smaller images take less time to load.
Smaller impacts are much more common, although their effects are far less dramatic.
Smaller individuals dig dens in sand-shell substrates.
Smaller infestations are more likely to be controllable, therefore early diagnosis is critical.
Smaller infestations are present in southern Yemen and northern Somalia .
Smaller innovation is at the front lines.
Smaller insects feed on green plants, and bigger animals feed on smaller ones and so on.
Many smaller installations require a mixer with very specific features and capabilities.
Smaller institutions appear more likely to establish standards than larger colleges or universities.
Many smaller institutions assign more diverse duties to broadly-trained medical technologists.
Smaller intrusions form even faster, some in as little as one thousand years.
Many smaller invertebrates utilize detritus as a food source.
Smaller investments are always available.
Smaller investments are in municipal stock, guaranteed investments and cash.
Smaller investors can contact brokerage firms or get a referral from a friend.
Smaller investors welcome.
Smaller ions move faster than larger ions through the drift tube and arrive at the detector.
Smaller islands are mainly coral or limestone.
Smaller islands experience far greater local extinction rates.
Smaller islands have fewer species than large islands because of high rates of extinction.
Smaller issues lagged so here is where reasonable valuations can be found.
Smaller items defrost more evenly than larger pieces of food.
Smaller items tends to be dropped, or handled carelessly.
All smaller items are to have the cost of carriage added.
Smaller jackpots generate slower sales.
Smaller jibs make sail handling and storage easier .
Smaller jobs require higher overhead and profit rates.
Smaller kelps exploit the understoiy, the area below the canopy.
Smaller kernels require less time to load, use less memory and use less CPU cycles.
Smaller kernels require less time to load, use less memory, and use less CPU cycles.
Smaller keys allow faster encryption and decryption and lower-powered devices.
Smaller kids are faster and do more than, say, adults.
Smaller Kits are available.
Smaller labels cost less to buy or manu-facture and also cost less to inventory.
Smaller laboratories send the test to commercial firms for testing.
Smaller laboratories send the test to commercial firms that can do the testing.
Smaller lakes are ponds.
Smaller lakes have more connections between the littoral and pelagic zones.
Smaller lakes offer safe and successful fishing alternatives.
Smaller lakes undergo periodic filling and drying.
Many smaller landlords offer high quality choices in the area.
Smaller languages ease the learning process, but at the expense of omitting important concepts.
Smaller leaves accumulate higher up on the stem below the flow or developing bud.
Smaller lemurs eat more insects.
Smaller length is easy to handle and manoeuvre.
Smaller lesions coalesce to form larger ones.
Smaller levels correspond to shorter pulse widths.
Smaller levels reduce verbosity.
Smaller libraries use traditional tickets.
Smaller limits lead to more iterations and a better fit.
Smaller line means more fish.
Smaller lines allow a chip to achieve faster speeds while using less power.
Smaller lines allow chips to reach higher speeds while using less power.
Smaller lists work better.
Smaller loads use more water.
Smaller loaders are easier to steer and can clean in tight cramped areas.
Smaller loaves make excellent gifts.
Smaller loaves take less time.
Smaller loans are also available.
Smaller loans tend to be more effective in reaching women beneficiaries.
Smaller lobsters are more tender.
Smaller localities have more organic proportions in their waste.
Smaller locations are easier to deal with because they become timeless.
Smaller loopers feed on older leaves where they are easily sampled using a beating sheet.
Smaller lots are usually available.
Smaller lounges contain a bumper pool table, TV and kitchenettes.
Smaller lures are more productive in the colder months.
Smaller lures can move more naturally.
Many smaller machines are also available for tennis, baseball, golf, athletics, building sites etc.
Smaller magnitude means brighter.
Smaller males are more abundant and better in the pan anyway.
Smaller males give off a much higher pitched call than do the larger males.
Smaller males migrate upriver first, followed by females days or weeks later.
Smaller males spend their time roaming the ocean in loose bachelor schools, away from the females.
Smaller malls offer everything from native handicrafts to designer labels.
Smaller mammals are snowshoe rabbits and lemmings.
Smaller mammals seem to favor seeds.
Many smaller mammals are year-round residents, and serve as prey for hawks and both types of eagles.
Smaller manufacturers differ in their distribution strategies and promotional campaigns.
Smaller manufacturers face many challenges in our technology-driven economy.
Smaller manufacturers face many challenges in our technology-driven environment.
Smaller manufacturers hang the chain on racks, and rack plate it, usually periodically jiggling it.
Smaller maps are available at the library.
Smaller margins are unwise, since the smaller the margin, the higher the risk of local failure.
Smaller markets can be more volatile than developed stock markets and can carry more risk.
Smaller markets mean smaller audiences.
Smaller markets radiate out from the central building.
Many smaller markets cater specifically to individual ethnic communities in metro Atlanta.
Smaller marshes suffer similar limitations.
Smaller materials have more surface area available for microbes to attack.
Smaller meals are easier to digest and eating more frequently helps to speed up the metabolism.
Smaller meals are easier to digest.
Smaller meals are often better tolerated than larger ones.
Smaller meetings have to be arranged secretly or in homes.
Smaller meetings require proportionally less time.
Smaller members are water soluble, flammable and are useful as organic solvents and fuels.
Smaller merchants are well advised to outsource online payment processing altogether.
Smaller merchants can now sell online using cash instead of credit cards.
Some smaller merchants can carve out a certain market share by offering delivery service.
Smaller mesh is better for catching smaller sharks.
Smaller mesh tend to clog the nets.
Smaller metals respond with a clear, lower frequency tone.
Smaller meteors burn up completely in the thick Venusian air.
Smaller meters are typically propeller, turbine, or magnetic.
Smaller mirrors are a lot less trouble.
Smaller mirrors are actually harder and show so much less of the night sky.
Smaller models are also available.
Smaller models are also more prone to windy day problems than their bigger brothers.
Smaller models take up about as much space as a wood or pellet stove.
Smaller models tend to be faster but less manoeverable.
Smaller modules lead to too many interfaces and larger ones are too big for the designer to handle.
Smaller molecules are faster.
Smaller molecules can pass through a pore and then pass through another one .
Smaller molecules can pass through a pore and then pass through another one.
Smaller molecules diffuse into the gel pores and therefore flow through the column at a slower rate.
Smaller molecules enter the beads and are retarded based on their size.
Smaller molecules have a better taste.
Smaller molecules have a greater residence time in the pores than larger molecules.
Most smaller mollusks have muscular mouth-pouches that contain radulae , or tongues.
Many smaller monoliths rise out of the sand and water around Haystack Rock.
Smaller mice have a physical limitation of how much litter weight they can bear.
Smaller movement takes AA battery and larger ones take a C size battery.
Smaller movements mean less fatigue and overall faster movement.
Smaller movies can still break through.
Smaller municipalities can tailor their services to their constituents.
Smaller municipalities have a more difficult time justifying such an assignment.
Smaller museums have lockers.
Smaller museums have to work much harder to form a critical mass.
Many smaller museums have limited staff.
Smaller nerves branch out between each vertebrae to carry messages around the body.
Smaller nestlings are often unable to compete with their siblings for food.
Smaller newspapers like to hear from their community leaders.
Smaller newspapers offer broader opportunities for beginning reporters.
Smaller newspapers provide critical all-around career grounding for most journalists.
Smaller nodes download more quickly.
Smaller nodes give better results for search engines.
Many smaller nodules contain neither portal tracts nor central veins.
Smaller nozzles require slower transit rates.
Smaller nozzles seem to work a lot better than larger nozzles.
Smaller nozzles work best for cooling also.
Smaller number are darker and larger numbers are brighter.
Smaller number goes faster.
Smaller number is applicable when the parcel abuts an alley.
Smaller numbers are best.
Smaller numbers are better since that means it takes less time to access one memory address.
Smaller numbers are better.
Smaller numbers are brighter and negative numbers are the brightest.
Smaller numbers are brighter.
Smaller numbers are either alongside the text or scattered through it.
Smaller numbers are more hopeful.
Smaller numbers are more significant.
Smaller numbers give a more negative 'temperature.
Smaller numbers indicate decreasing jet opening and leaner conditions.
Smaller numbers indicate faster access times.
Smaller numbers indicate fewer, but larger pixels and therefore a more grainy appearance.
Smaller numbers indicate more preferred routes.
Smaller numbers live in Algeria , Tunisia , Libya and Zanzibar .
Smaller numbers live in Algeria, Tunisia, Libya and Zanzibar.
Smaller numbers means the document has been reduced.
Smaller numbers move the shadow toward the light, larger numbers move the shadow away.
Smaller numbers occur in subtidal waters.
Smaller numbers refer to even smaller books.
Smaller numbers refer to greater thickness.
Smaller numbers reflect a better fit of the data.
Smaller numbers remain through the winter.
Smaller numbers remain to spend the winter at favoured coastal sites.
Smaller numbers represent darker tones of gray, while larger numbers represent brighter tones.
Smaller numbers result in more smoothing iterations.
Smaller numbers study for an MSc or PhD to become more specialised.
Smaller numbers work for nonprofit research organizations.
Smaller objects cool off more slowly than larger objects.
Smaller objects create simple, bowl-shaped craters.
Smaller objects have a greater surface area relative to their volume, and hence mass.
Smaller objects have a tendency to end up under the couch.
Smaller objects lose heat faster, as a consequence.
Any smaller object traveling around a larger object is called a satellite.
Smaller offices are called 'Police posts'.
Smaller offices can use dial up Internet connections to transfer files and mail.
Smaller offices mean more remote, often rural settings, and localized energy generation.
Smaller ones are available and make really cool helmet lights.
Smaller ones are easier to carry and fit into a tinderbox.
Smaller ones are lighter, but still quite audible.
Smaller ones are nocturnal.
Smaller ones are quicker, cheaper and lighter to make, but take more flick of the wrist to throw.
Smaller ones are suitable for soybeans and other crops.
Smaller ones are supposedly ok.
Smaller ones are thought to be very beautiful, bigger ones are often seen as priceless works of art.
Smaller ones are usually cloud or fog droplets, while larger drops are called raindrops.
Smaller ones are usually harmless.
Smaller ones bring a refined purity into a room.
Smaller ones contract out to third party central monitoring stations.
Smaller ones dot the beaches and are used as shade for sun worshippers.
Smaller ones eat mice, rats, and shrews.
Smaller ones encounter fewer barriers and move more quickly.
Smaller ones exist in two district general hospitals.
Smaller ones get sick and die.
Smaller ones last a few minutes, major ones several hours.
Smaller ones make a good entree or snack.
Smaller ones make a more precise mould.
Smaller ones stretch, seemingly forever, in both directions through a deep corridor in the glacier.
Smaller ones summer over down here.
Smaller ones work though.
Many smaller ones exist and some are somewhat hidden and therefore less populated.
Some smaller ones do, and they end up being exorbitantly expensive.
Smaller openings call for solid carbide endmills with two, three or four cutting edges.
Smaller operations are no less at risk.
Smaller operations can avoid large capital outlays by sharing equipment.
Smaller optics cost less.
Smaller orbits have shorter period.
Smaller orders are available.
Smaller orders are cassette to cassette copies.
Smaller orders are now a piece of cake with our new timber racks.
Smaller orders are subject to normal postage plus insurance.
Smaller orders go by computer to specialist brokers.
Smaller organisations are economically significant in terms of job and wealth creation.
Smaller organisations can no longer afford all the costs of technology and risk.
Some smaller organisations have no such process.
Smaller organisms consume more energy per gram than larger organisms.
Smaller organizations are at the mercy of others.
Smaller organizations are likely to be more flexible, but pay less.
Smaller organizations find they're working on double-time.
Smaller organizations have less to do to prepare for disruptions.
Smaller organizations have more modest computing and networking requirements.
Smaller organizations make up a large portion of that growth.
Smaller organizations rely heavily on the expertise of owners.
Many smaller organizations have few formal policies.
Most smaller organizations find organization charts useful.
Some smaller organizations have no such process.
Some smaller outfits have cheaper deals available.
Smaller ovens result in more usable floor space.
Smaller owls snatch smaller prey, including insects.
Smaller owls use tree cavities pecked out by northern flickers or yellow-bellied sapsuckers.
Smaller packs chase down gazelles, impalas, warthogs, and waterbucks.
Smaller packages are essential for next-generation communications systems.
Smaller packages are now available.
Smaller packages mean smaller shipping cases, which saves corrugated board.
Smaller packets are more efficient for store and forward systems.
Smaller packets result in a higher probability of survival over bad links.
Smaller pages can cost even less than that.
Smaller pages mean more pages, and so more page table entries.
Smaller pages means navigation on PDAs is more hierarchical than on PCs.
Smaller pans require less energy.
Smaller panels take about two weeks.
Smaller parcels have higher operating costs, and because of that their trees sell for less money.
Smaller parrots mature earlier.
Smaller parts are excellent as well, cast with only a minimum of flash.
Every smaller part is attached to cardboard by means of blister packaging.
Smaller particles are deposited more deeply in the respiratory tract.
Smaller particles are more likely to be inhaled, and less likely to be expelled by the body.
Smaller particles can reach deeper in the lungs and from there be absorbed into the bloodstream.
Smaller particles can stay in the atmosphere for days or even weeks.
Smaller particles fall more slowly in the atmosphere and decrease the amount of rainfall.
Smaller particles fall more slowly in the atmosphere, and decrease the amount of rainfall.
Smaller particles have better chance of reaching the lungs.
Smaller particles have more surface area and accelerate the rate of composting.
Smaller particles have much more surface area that can be attacked by microbes.
Smaller particles known as suspended sediment are responsible for increased turbidity.
Smaller particles means more contact points on the lane.
Smaller particles pass through the sieve electrode.
Smaller particles produce columns with higher plate numbers as well as higher back pressure.
Smaller particles stay airborne much longer than larger particles.
Smaller particles travel deeper into the lungs of individuals.
Smaller partitions mount faster at startup than one huge disk.
Smaller parties appear to be in for a hard time.
Smaller parties are welcome in the main dining room.
Smaller parties hold the remaining seats.
Smaller parties tend to have less impact.
Smaller parties using the first floor only, or parties without dancing cost less.
Many smaller parties exist in Finland.
Smaller pastures allow for higher concentration, uniformity and even harvesting of the grasses.
Smaller pastures are easier to manage correctly.
Smaller patches are depauperate in most specialists.
Smaller patches dot the web and base of the arms.
Smaller peaks are noticable after lunch and after dinner.
Smaller pellets produce more hits but with less punch per pellet.
Smaller peninsulas extend from the mainland.
Some smaller people have difficulty with items that are too large.
Smaller percentages are also resistant to cefotaxime.
Smaller percentages mean fewer pixels are blurred.
Smaller percentages report the hypnogogic hallucinations and sleep paralysis.
Smaller pests including scale insects, aphids and mites are likely to be occasional pests as well.
Smaller pets are less expensive, but they still have recurring costs, like food.
Smaller pictures are better than too large and .JPG is better.
Smaller pictures are very good to give for gifts that can say so much.
Smaller pictures shows other models.
Smaller pieces are easier to accomplish.
Smaller pieces are easier to pound and to slice for serving.
Smaller pieces are in glass-fronted wooden cabinets and bigger ones on spotlighted pedestals.
Smaller pieces are more potent, and crushed or pressed garlic are the most potent.
Smaller pieces arrive curbside via standard delivery.
Smaller pieces break down more quickly.
Smaller pieces burn faster.
Smaller pieces decompose faster and take up less space.
Smaller pieces have gentler slopes.
Smaller pieces makes all the steps easier.
Smaller pieces require much more control of movement.
Smaller pieces work well in a low-powered microwave as well.
Smaller pipelines branch off the main and divide again, much like the trunk and branches of a tree.
Smaller pits make it possible to store more information on DVDs.
Smaller pixels mean smoother, better looking images.
Smaller plans tend to start with mutual funds, annuities, and annuity contracts.
Smaller plans tend to use mutual funds and annuity contracts for their investments and services.
Most smaller plans are also safe.
Smaller planets have lower gravities and can hold less atmosphere.
Smaller plankton are particularly quick to equilibrate.
Smaller plants add a range of colors and textures to the landscape.
Smaller plants are also more productive.
Smaller plants are easier to grow for the novice gardener.
Smaller plants are more likely to be injured by cold.
Smaller plants can also help reduce energy costs.
Smaller plants equal less loss of roots during transplanting and quicker establishment and growth.
Smaller plants justify smaller paths, inviting close scrutiny.
Smaller plants live better and establish faster than large plants and are more economical.
Smaller plants look great on tables, shelves and windowsills.
Smaller plants provide less food.
Smaller plants transplant easily especially late in the season.
Smaller plaques tend to be localized around neuron cell bodies.
Smaller platters are easier to make than larger ones.
Smaller platters are easier to spin and require less-powerful motors.
Smaller players are quieter than usual, and microbrewery closings are picking up pace.
Smaller players can have a hard time getting comfortable with a dreadnought or a jumbo guitar.
Smaller players hog the ball.
Smaller pockets lie in Syria, Armenia and Azerbaijan.
Smaller ponds are best if they are cement lined with a drain in the bottom.
Smaller ponds are suitable for some other uses.
Smaller ponds can sustain good populations of catfish.
Smaller populations are resident in other regions.
Smaller populations exist in Minnesota, Wisconsin and Montana.
Smaller populations exist west and south of the Congo river.
Smaller populations live in Wyoming, Montana, Idaho, and Washington.
Much smaller populations exist in Nevada, Utah, Colorado, and Texas.
Smaller pores reduce the chance that embolisms are introduced into vessels.
Smaller ports allow for better intake velocity and fuel atomization.
Smaller portfolios can get the same attention as high-volume users.
Smaller pots are much more difficult to water properly than larger well drained containers.
Smaller pots tend to dry out faster.
Smaller pouches work better than larger ones because there is less air space to keep chilled.
Smaller practices offer an immediate look at fundamentals.
Smaller predators are shyer.
Smaller prey are swallowed whole, but larger prey are sliced and devoured.
Smaller prey is swallowed whole, but larger prey are torn into pieces.
Smaller print becomes illegible in microfilm reproduction.
Smaller prints are also available.
Smaller prints are available at a reduced price.
Smaller prints show the passing of an armored ankylosaur, apparently moving at a full gallop.
Smaller prizes have the advantage of little or no tax liability.
Smaller problems run entirely in main memory.
Smaller producers can use the rice bran to increase animal performance.
Smaller producers tend to co-operate and combine efforts to export by themselves or through brokers.
Some smaller producers sort and market small groups of pigs at regular intervals.
Smaller profiles are ideal for shaping small radiuses and for making picture frames.
Smaller programs exist in many other countries.
Smaller projects are fit into the production schedule on a weekly basis.
Smaller projects are questionable.
Smaller projects have another benefit.
Smaller projects supported by a single company usually involve one graduate student.
Smaller projects tend to use fewer documents to decrease costs and facilitate information control.
Many smaller projects are also in progress but are too numerous to list.
Many smaller properties are available.
Some smaller properties offer kitchenettes.
Smaller proposals are preferred.
Smaller proposals stand a better chance of funding.
Smaller proteins run through the gel matrix faster than larger proteins.
Smaller providers join together through professional organizations to influence policy.
Some smaller providers offer free email as a community service, without any advertising whatsoever.
Smaller publishers have their own sites.
Many smaller publishers help local writers or cater to special markets.
Most smaller publishers nurture their authors and really promote their books.
Many smaller pumps have a built-in filter.
Smaller puppies can have maizenagruel as a snack in the afternoon.
Smaller purses are better.
Smaller purses mean less glamorous dogs.
Smaller quanta allow for better accuracy but severely increase the difficulty.
Smaller quantities are available from Vulcan distributors.
Smaller quantities can reach a flash point very fast and the danger lurks high there.
Smaller quantities give wine a rubber or garlic smell.
Smaller quantities result in proportionately less waste.
Smaller queries are also very welcome.
Smaller quilts stand our in frames and can be hung alone or in a grouping with other artwork.
Smaller quilts stand out in frames and can be hung alone or in a grouping with other artwork.
Smaller R is better.
Smaller rabbits have the higher heart rates.
Smaller radii are possible depending on the complexity of the design.
Many smaller railroads operate with only two crew members an engineer and a conductor.
Smaller ranchers can get pellets specifically for ostrich from their local feed store.
Smaller ranges are more sensitive, but have less capacity.
Smaller rates are more difficult to apply accurately.
Smaller reductions involve scars around the areola.
Any smaller reductions produce more difficult multiplication needed.
Smaller regions are administered by divisions , union conferences and local conferences .
Smaller regions are administered by divisions, union conferences and local conferences.
Smaller regions can be in larger regions.
Smaller requests are easier to fill.
Smaller requests are welcome.
Smaller reserves are found in the United States.
Smaller reserves are now under consideration.
Smaller restaurants serve local food.
Smaller retailers buy their PCs through wholesalers, adding yet another twist into the calculation.
Smaller retailers receive their orders through delivery service.
Smaller rhinestones accent the center stone.
Smaller ridges slope down from the main ones, in leaf vein patterns, like cathedral ramparts.
Smaller rivers rise more rapidly and can send angry flows water cascading into local communities.
Smaller roads can be scenic but frustrating, particularly winding two-lane roads in hill country.
Smaller roads link the cities to small towns, where residents travel on narrow residential streets.
Smaller robots help purify DNA and perform sequencing reactions.
Smaller rocks act as filler between.
Smaller rocks come from the breakage and weathering of bedrock and larger rocks.
Smaller rolls are available.
Smaller rolls are more practical around the work place.
Smaller room has double bed, exposed beams.
Smaller rooms are also available.
Smaller rooms are available for break-out sessions, seminars or smaller meetings.
Smaller rooms are available for classes and meetings.
Smaller rooms are available for individuals or small teams to work on their projects.
Smaller rooms are available for meetings or celebrations.
Smaller rooms are available for workshops or seminars.
Smaller rooms have deep banquettes and murals of Italian vistas.
Smaller rooms overlooking the Bow River are available for more intimate receptions.
Smaller rooms provide comfortable space for committees and interactive meetings.
Smaller roots die while lesions are formed predominantly on larger roots.
Smaller roots lead to more root extensive root growth.
Some smaller roots run vertically toward the surface and branch profusely into very fine laterals.
Smaller runs occur in tidal creeks along Long Island.
Most smaller sailboats do it the same way.
Smaller sales are subject to a minimum fee determined by each franchisee.
Smaller samples are less reliable than larger samples.
Smaller satellites have overall lower effect on the total potential.
Smaller scholarships can add up.
Smaller schools are better for students and staff, they are safer, and more neighborhood friendly.
Smaller schools are generally more limited.
Smaller schools are more likely to provide time for reading practice.
Smaller schools are more protective.
Smaller schools are necessary with ongoing communication with parents.
Smaller schools are safer.
Smaller schools can easily set the stage for camaraderie and team spirit.
Smaller schools do have higher per pupil cost.
Smaller schools get a part-time arts teacher.
Smaller schools get by with buses.
Smaller schools have alternative processes.
Smaller schools have difficulty with resources due to funding based on number of students.
Smaller schools offering such programs are very aggressive.
Smaller schools promote learning and are able to offer a strong core curriculum.
Smaller schools provide an environment that is intimate.
Smaller schools reduce harmful impact of poverty on student achievement.
Smaller schools require letters of recommendation.
Smaller schools tend to provide a caring environment for the student and family.
Many smaller schools have academic programs that are competitive with the better-known schools.
Smaller scope means a moderate amount of less formal documentation is often adequate.
Smaller scopes require kneeling or bending over to view.
Smaller screens are less demanding on projector performance, and can be served less expensively.
Smaller screens are less expensive, but they are devilishly hard to use.
Smaller screens attached to the cab simulate the reflections in the rear view mirrors.
Smaller screens require changing the parameters so that all of the window becomes visible.
Smaller screens tend to use less energy.
Smaller sculptures are in progress.
Smaller sediments are dropped as the slope becomes less steep.
Smaller seeds tend to require light for germination.
Smaller seedlings die sooner than larger seedlings.
Smaller seminars located throughout the country focus on special topics.
Smaller seminars provide even more information.
Smaller sensors provide faster switching speeds.
Smaller series comprise biographical information, images, clippings, and printed ephemera.
Smaller sets are in the Miscellaneous cabinets.
Smaller settings are much more manageable.
Smaller settings do the reverse.
Smaller sharks are much more affected by heat and cold and stay within their limits.
Smaller ships are also easier to park.
Smaller ships are, of course, frequently more intimate, informal and service-intensive.
Smaller ships feel intimate, like private clubs.
Smaller ships offer a more intimate, less crowded cruise but can be very expensive.
Smaller ships offer a more yacht-like cruising atmosphere.
Many smaller ships sail to other Caribbean islands.
Smaller shipments have to accept longer delivery times among other service inconveniences.
Smaller shops can get a good start with a small investment.
Smaller shops can now achieve performance previously available only to larger operations.
Smaller shops tend to be open from early morning until late evening every day of the week.
Smaller shops tend to be open longer hours.
Smaller shops tend to use the older, more conventional machines.
Smaller shots are faster.
Smaller shots are quicker.
Smaller shovels load the coal into large trucks that remove the coal from the pit.
Smaller shows offer other advantages.
Smaller shows provide a good opportunity to let clients mingle with top management.
Smaller shows require less expenditures for show marketing because the audience is usually smaller.
Smaller shrubs are popular additions to the landscape.
Many smaller shrubs bloom earlier and last longer than larger varieties.
Smaller site offers everything from computers to collectables.
Smaller sites can earn cash by joining the banner program.
Smaller sites can get away with a much simpler approach.
Smaller sites lack audience reach.
Many smaller sites have home pages for their artists but very few have a standardized format.
Much smaller sites can be more user-friendly.
Smaller size allows access to tight areas.
Smaller size allows for use in confined locations.
Smaller size fits for shower door enclosures.
Smaller size is better.
Smaller size is for Sugar gliders,hedge hogs etc.
Smaller size is perfect for one or two people.
Smaller size is printed on the back of the larger size.
Smaller size makes it perfect fit on any desktop.
Smaller size saves money.
Smaller sizes allow more functions to be incorporated in a single chip and also improve performance.
Smaller sizes are Also acceptable.
Smaller sizes are also available for traditional cabin design.
Smaller sizes are also available in a diaphragm design.
Smaller sizes are also available.
Smaller sizes are also sometines in great demand.
Smaller sizes are available for apartments.
Smaller sizes are available in gasoline and diesel versions.
Smaller sizes are available upon request.
Smaller sizes are best for planting.
Smaller sizes are generally more common than larger sizes.
Smaller sizes are great for couples and larger sizes are better for families.
Smaller sizes are handy for business cards, pencils, etc.
Smaller sizes are in presentation folders for gifting.
Smaller sizes are more abundant and larger sizes are more valuable.
Smaller sizes are preferred and actually tend to be more productive for the advertiser.
Smaller sizes are useful for cutting a hard line of color.
Smaller sizes become unreadable.
Smaller sizes bring lots of benefits.
Smaller sizes can go on the plane.
Smaller sizes cost less.
Smaller sizes display more information.
Smaller sizes have less of the depth often wanted from a didg.
Smaller sizes have less of the depth often wanted from a didgeridoo.
Smaller sizes mean greater speed and storage capacity.
Smaller sizes result in cooler operation and thus allow for higher clock speeds.
Smaller sizes use less disk space.
Smaller slits reject too much of the target light while larger slits let in too much background.
Smaller snakes peer out from aquariums on the patio.
Smaller snakes prey on small lizards.
Smaller snakes tend to wait until the predator is closer to begin rattling, as do pregnant females.
Many smaller snakes can thrive quite nicely in a ventilated plastic shoe or sweater box.
Smaller snowshoes are preferable.
Smaller societies exist in Italy and Bulgaria.
Many smaller sources are clearly visible, such as power supplies in the Cass cage.
Smaller speakers are at a disadvantage from the beginning.
Smaller speakers offer more overdrive, less bass and less sound dispersion.
Smaller species are brown, black or gray, and often have brilliant green eyes.
Smaller species are less closely packed and mob intruders.
Smaller species are nice for the rock garden or in the front of the border.
Smaller species feed on plankton. .
Smaller species live in debris and humus .
Smaller species live in the Appalachian valleys of Kentucky while larger species live in Honduras.
Smaller species tend to be nocturnal, or mostly active at night.
Smaller species tend to live fast and die young.
Some smaller species eat worms.
Smaller specimens can serve a similar purpose in the home or apartment.
Smaller specimens have wings only if the base creature does.
Smaller spiders undergo fewer moults than the larger spiders.
Smaller spikes are located in the leaf axils below.
Smaller spikes follow, but they are consistantly smaller in magnitude.
Smaller spills are common and create chronic problems.
Smaller spines are on most of the branches as well.
Smaller spots indicate the water is more clear and bigger spots indicate the water is less clear.
Many smaller spots are between the principal spots.
Smaller sprouts promise salsa peppers, bell peppers and cucumbers, broccoli and cabbage.
Smaller stamps are less expensive to print than larger ones.
Smaller standards are easier to implement and integrate.
Smaller staples go through coin holders with ease.
Smaller stars burn their fuel slowly, but tend to send out huge flares of harmful radiation.
Smaller stars fuse hydrogen to helium slower and live longer lives.
Smaller stars live calmly for hundreds of millions of years and die much more quietly.
Smaller stars live longer.
Smaller states are more likely to adopt a unitary government.
Some smaller states use a single state plane zone.
Smaller stations are likely to be seasonal.
Smaller stations have the same services either in the facility or just a few steps away.
Many smaller stations have no employees with a journalism background.
Most smaller stations have a halt of two minutes.
Smaller stipends are available for the summer terms.
Smaller stones are generally lighter in color saturation, while larger stones are usually darker.
Smaller stones make it very difficult to achieve a constant sharpening angle.
Smaller stones spin out in a spiral pattern on either side.
Smaller stores are better.
Smaller stores can choose from among a variety of services.
Smaller stores can keep a set behind the counter.
Smaller stores get fewer than that.
Smaller stores have to put their bait in the milk cooler, for instance.
Smaller storms come and go, and perhaps if one grows large enough it can survive longer.
Smaller stories are handy for local residents who want to run in and pick up a few supplies.
Smaller streams entering the lake also provide an array of fish.
Smaller streams have emerald shiner populations, but they are usually rare in fish collections.
Smaller streams support both coldwater and warmwater fisheries.
Many smaller streams abound in native brook trout.
Some smaller streams go dry in late summer and early fall.
Some smaller streets offer specialties.
Smaller structures get no benefit from forests.
Many smaller studies find the same results.
Smaller suites are available to accommodate a more informal board meeting.
Smaller supermarkets rely on their distributor's buyer.
Smaller surpluses risk increasing interest rates.
Smaller swaths represent images at higher resolution.
Smaller syringes allow for more accurate measurements of small amounts of insulin.
Smaller syringes can increase pressure and potentially rupture the catheter.
Smaller systems appear as having only a single stage regulator.
Smaller systems are the norm.
Smaller systems build the dimmers right in.
Smaller systems can also run much faster.
Smaller systems can incorporate interactivity.
Most smaller systems add fluoride in solution.
Smaller tables promote a more intimate atmosphere.
Many smaller tanks house numerous species of fish, including a large clown trigger.
Smaller tasks are attractive because they are short and easy, and produce immediate gratification.
Smaller tasks are attractive because they are short, easy and produce immediate gratification.
Smaller tasks are attractive because they are short, easy, and produce immediate gratification.
Smaller teams can add guest players in order to receive the discount.
Smaller teams find that the rotors last three weekends.
Smaller teams work on the registration of users, and the administration related to serious overdues.
Many smaller telcos agree.
Smaller telescopes are also available anytime.
Smaller telescopes are more portable and easily setup.
Smaller tents take less time to set up and strike, freeing time for other things.
Smaller text fits more in.
Much smaller text is quite readable, of course.
Smaller theaters are to be built in other parts of the structure.
Smaller theatre is more intimate with a wide stage.
Smaller theatres offer both innovation and old standards.
Smaller things are simply more useful and cheaper, usually.
Smaller things matter, too.
Smaller tides do make travel possible anytime.
Smaller tiles download faster for Web backgrounds, larger tiles allow more room to work and play.
Smaller tiles provide a more precise fit of the tiles over the geometry being indexed.
Smaller toiletries take up less space and weigh less.
Smaller tools can go in a tool box, which is great for carrying gear around the garden.
Smaller towns dot the countryside and some of the seaside towns support sizable boating populations.
Smaller towns tend to shut earlier.
Many smaller towns are also on the Tasman Peninsula .
Many smaller towns are also on the Tasman Peninsula.
Many smaller towns have no air strip and can be reached only by helicopter.
Some smaller towns lack adequate wastewater treatment.
Smaller trains do well in freight yards and smaller railways attached to the main pike.
Smaller transistors allow the chip to drink up less electrical power and to run cooler.
Smaller transistors consume less power and generally switch on and off more quickly.
Smaller transistors mean more functionality can be built into a given die size.
Smaller transistors mean shorter interconnection lengths and faster running speeds.
Smaller transistors switch faster.
Smaller traps are less expensive and reduce the chance of spraying.
Smaller trays are ideal for serving and even smaller ones make nice ashtrays.
Smaller trees are easier to treat than larger specimens.
Smaller trees are preferable for more reasons than money.
Smaller trees improve harvest efficiency because the apples are easier to reach.
Smaller trees work best for street side locations.
Smaller tribes lack formal courts.
Smaller Triggers grow quickly, and are usually more docile in adulthood than if matured in the wild.
Smaller trips are simpler trips.
Smaller troughs are easier to drain and clean.
Smaller trout feed heavily on shrimp where as the larger trout prefer small fish.
Smaller tubes can sometimes project more light than larger skylights.
Smaller tubers are best for smaller containers or for mass plantings in a garden bed.
Smaller tubing is employed to channel all the wax out of the casting when the form is heated.
Smaller tumors have an intact overlying mucosal surface.
Smaller tunnels allow vessels of shallow draft to benefit from bow and stern thruster installations.
Smaller turbines tend to be twice as expensive per kilowatt.
Smaller turkeys have a greater proportion of bone and more waste.
Smaller turkeys stay juicier and they are easier to cook and control during the cooking process.
Some smaller turns are especially good.
Smaller turtles are likely to be more valuable sold as pets in the market.
Smaller type is extremely difficult to read.
Smaller type is hard to read, and larger type wastes valuable space.
Smaller type is less accurate.
Smaller type makes it all harder to read.
Most smaller types are insectivores.
Smaller undines live under lily pads.
Smaller unions have real problems in servicing their members.
Smaller unit is approx.
Smaller units are available for family groups or students requiring wheelchair access.
Smaller units are available for rent.
Smaller units are available to make shorter sample skeins.
Smaller units are available.
Smaller units are fairer, but more expensive to administer.
Smaller units are for utility applications and air gravity conveyors.
Smaller units are more affordable and provide the same life care contract as larger living units.
Smaller units are stackable.
Smaller units are the realm of the scientist and engineer.
Smaller units can be either sealed air or constant flow.
Smaller units mean greater accuracy.
Smaller units offer more opportunities for participation by local people.
Smaller units operate in a single stage that collects snow in a fast-moving auger and throws it.
Smaller units operate mechanically.
Smaller units produce less than one quart of water per hour.
Smaller units result in less competitively priced power.
Smaller units use a polyethylene pad or a single roller depending on capacity of the trailer.
Some smaller universities coming from a different academic tradition often run such courses.
Smaller values are best.
Smaller values are better.
Smaller values are faster, larger are slower.
Smaller values can allow detection of crashed clients more quickly.
Smaller values go to the right unless they represent subtraction.
Smaller values have less effect.
Smaller values have the opposite effect.
Smaller values imply coarser meshes.
Smaller values increase execution time with only little improvement of accuracy.
Smaller values indicate a more toxic product.
Smaller values indicate more accuracy.
Smaller values indicate older transactions.
Smaller values lead to fewer clusters.
Smaller values make for smaller, thinner flares.
Smaller values make it possible to run TCM faster on a machine with little memory.
Smaller values make large increases in performance.
Smaller values mean less of that color.
Smaller values means darker image.
Smaller values offer faster switching times at the price of higher current consumption.
Smaller values reduce in more line primitives but smoother streamlines.
Smaller values reduce the amount of ice, while larger -ice settings create more prominent ice caps.
Smaller values require less space.
Smaller values result in greater execution times.
Smaller values result in more line primitives but smoother streamlines.
Smaller values result in smoother appearing streamlines, but greater numbers of line primitives.
Smaller values take precedence over larger values.
Smaller values turn opaque faster than larger values.
Smaller values use less memory.
All smaller values are in the left subtree.
Smaller valves are lighter and can change direction much quicker.
Smaller valves mean less weight.
Smaller variation requires a larger sample.
Smaller varieties are more tolerant and tend to live in groups.
Smaller varieties take well to living in the home.
Smaller variety is available in two colours.
Smaller vehicles appear farther away and seem to be travelling slower than they actually are.
Smaller vehicles appear farther Away, and seem to be traveling slower than they actually are.
Smaller vehicles provide the flexibility needed to travel throughout the neighborhoods.
Smaller veins remain intact.
Many smaller vendors make use of the larger vendors' third-party products catalogs.
Smaller ventures are particularly hard-hit when it comes to hiring enough people.
Smaller venues are also available.
Smaller venues are much safer.
Smaller versions are great for bass and pike.
Smaller versions are popular for smallmouth.
Smaller vessels offer plenty of amenities with fewer hassles than the mammoth liners.
Some smaller vessels operating in coastal waters have more limited medical facilities.
Smaller villages have limited air service and grocery supplies.
Smaller villages send their children here for high-school.
Smaller villages surround the main town which have semi-permanent 'hippies' as residents.
Some smaller villages have agencies which open one or two days a week.
Smaller vines are terrific for small gardens.
Smaller violas tend to sound more like violins and larger violas tend to wear out the players.
Smaller voids appear as lower-contrast spots.
Smaller volumes require more frequent water changes.
Smaller warheads are unnecessary, and more powerful warheads are undesirable.
Smaller waters are also great places to introduce kids to fishing.
Smaller waves prevail in summer with rolling swell outside.
Smaller wavelengths correspond to higher energies.
Many smaller web hosting companies offer low prices but slow websites.
Smaller websites represent the majority of all sites, without question.
Smaller weddings are intimate enough to do without music during the ceremony.
Smaller weeds are easier to kill than larger ones.
Smaller weeds are usually more susceptible than larger weeds.
Smaller weeklies continue to be moderate to weak.
Smaller whales can die of heatstroke because of their thermal insulation.
Smaller wheels are also lighter weight, and lighter wheels make a bike accelerate faster.
Smaller wheels are especially susceptible to rolling resistance.
Smaller wheels are more maneuverable and stable, but roll more slowly.
Smaller wildlife abounds, too, from field voles to rabbits and ground squirrels, fishers, and foxes.
Smaller wines are easy to match with food but have little character to add to the meal.
Smaller wineries provide an interesting counterpoint to the giants.
Many smaller wineries ferment all of their wines with only one or two types of yeast.
Smaller wings provide less downforce and consequently less grip on the racetrack.
Smaller works are of bronze or terra cotta.
Smaller workers expand the nest and care for the young.
Smaller workers remain in the nest and are called household bees.
Smaller worlds are more communications intensive.
Smaller worms are best for cold front conditions or in lakes dominated by small bass.
Smaller writings addressing today's needs are also available.
Smaller zooplankton are captured by tube feet and transferred on ciliated tracts to the mouth.
Smallest abdomen conceals knife wound.
Smallest child bring infant to cradle.
Smallest fragments are at the bottom, largest at the top.
Smallest jobs print first.
Smallest mammals have faster heart beats than larger ones.
Smallest mass means least cost - estimate at one half of light rail.
Smallest mass means least cost - estimated at one half of light rail.
Smallest numbers measure the smallest diameter.
Smallest peak is the infrared companion.
Smallest pollen are present in myosotis and largest pollens are present in Mirabilis.
Smallest Score Find the smallest score for the lucky element.
Smallest superclass is used.
Smallest unit contains four beds, two baths.
Smallest veins remain green.
A smallholder is a farmer
Smallholders are farmers.
Smallholders sell their green leaf to neighbouring factories for processing into black tea.
Smallholders wave from doorways above the river or turn from evening chores by the water's edge.
Some smallholders lose entire fields to the pests.
Smallish greens are the ultimate in shot making challenges.
Smallmouth bass abound all along the rocky shorelines of the many islands.
Smallmouth bass are a part of the sunfish family.
Smallmouth bass are a popular recreational species in the United States.
Smallmouth bass are a sleeper fishery for anglers at Union Valley.
Smallmouth bass are active.
Smallmouth bass are also fat and sassy and are bulking up for the winter months.
Smallmouth bass are also present in the south Island.
Smallmouth bass are back up on the chunk rock points and banks in the creeks and on the main lake.
Smallmouth bass are back up on the pea rock points and transition banks.
Smallmouth bass are considerably different than largemouth.
Smallmouth bass are different.
Smallmouth bass are everywhere, and as usual, no one's fishing for Northern Pike.
Smallmouth bass are good on Carolina rigged plastic worms and lizards just off the rocks.
Smallmouth bass are good on jerkbaits and Carolina-rigged minnows on main lake points.
Smallmouth bass are good on shad-colored spinnerbaits and jerkbaits.
Smallmouth bass are good on spinner and crankbaits on rocky shorelines close to deep water.
Smallmouth bass are great fun in pond management.
Smallmouth bass are in the same areas as the walleyes and biting on the same live baits.
Smallmouth bass are known for that.
Smallmouth bass are members of the sunfish family.
Smallmouth bass are more common in cooler, faster-moving waters like streams and rivers.
Smallmouth bass are more synonymous with lesser rivers than any other freshwater species.
Smallmouth bass are most likely in deeper water when the sun is shining.
Smallmouth bass are noted for feeding on crayfish.
Smallmouth bass are nowhere to be found.
Smallmouth bass are omnivorous in the food items that they consume.
Smallmouth bass are one of the most predictable fish that swims.
Smallmouth bass are opportunistic feeders.
Smallmouth bass are present and do receive some angling pressure.
Smallmouth bass are searchers.
Smallmouth bass are slow on shad-colored spinnerbaits and jerkbaits on main lake points.
Smallmouth bass are still on the pea rock points and flats although most of the fish are small.
Smallmouth bass are still on the pea rock points throughout the lake.
Smallmouth bass are the dominant fish in the river and can be found almost anywhere.
Smallmouth bass are top carnivores and predators.
Smallmouth bass are willing to hit a tube jig and crank bait.
Smallmouth bass cruise the rocky areas.
Smallmouth bass do best in cooler, highly oxygenated water.
Smallmouth bass do well in rivers and streams, but also adapt readily to many lakes.
Smallmouth bass eat insects, frogs, crayfish, and fish.
Smallmouth bass eat primarily crayfish throughout their lives.
Smallmouth bass feed mostly during the daytime hours, with the highest actively at dawn and dusk.
Smallmouth bass grow larger in lakes than in streams.
Smallmouth bass grow to five inches in their first growing season.
Smallmouth bass has large mouths.
Smallmouth bass has mouths.
Smallmouth bass has tails.
Smallmouth bass have a reputation for jumping and leaping out of the water during the fight.
Smallmouth bass is better than it's ever been.
Smallmouth bass is black bass
Smallmouth bass is fish.
Smallmouth bass is part of smallmouths.
Smallmouth bass look similar to their close cousin, the largemouth.
Smallmouth bass love a moving bait.
Smallmouth bass occupies habitats.
Smallmouth bass prefer clear, calm waters and seek out areas with gravel, rubble, or rocky bottoms.
Smallmouth bass prefer to live in clear, calm water with rocky bottoms and places to hide.
Smallmouth bass prefer to live in cover where they can find protection from the light.
Smallmouth bass provide another fishery that is almost completely overlooked by anglers.
Smallmouth bass provide quality fishing when action is slow for other species.
Smallmouth bass provide same fast action in some remote areas.
Smallmouth bass relate to river structure in much the same way as the wild Delaware River rainbows.
Smallmouth bass remain active in the mornings on pea rock banks and chunk rock channel swings.
Smallmouth bass tend to be home bodies.
More smallmouth bass exist in the lake than largemouth bass compared to earlier years.
Most smallmouth bass has large mouths.
Most smallmouth bass has mouths.
Most smallmouth bass has tails.
Most smallmouth bass is part of smallmouths.
Most smallmouth bass spend the dog days of summer in relatively deep water.
Some smallmouth bass has bars.
Smallmouth isa fish.
Smallmouths have (part) brains.
Smallmouths have (part) breasts.
Smallmouths have (part) cell membranes.
Smallmouths have (part) chest cavities.
Smallmouths have (part) chests.
Smallmouths have (part) corpi.
Smallmouths have (part) cytoplasm.
Smallmouths have (part) ears.
Smallmouths have (part) faces.
Smallmouths have (part) fish scales.
Smallmouths have (part) fishbones.
Smallmouths have (part) flippers.
Smallmouths have (part) heads.
Smallmouths have (part) nuclei.
Smallmouths have (part) pedal extremities.
Smallmouths have (part) plasma membranes.
Smallmouths have (part) rib cages.
Smallmouths have (part) sections.
Smallmouths have (part) skulls.
Smallmouths have (part) smallmouth bass.
Smallmouths have (part) sperm.
Smallmouths have (part) sterna.
Smallmouths have (part) sunfishes.
Smallmouths have (part) tail fins.
Smallmouths have (part) vacuoles.
Smallmouths have (part) vertebrate feet.
Smallmouths have (part) yolks.
Smallmouths have dorsal fins.
Smallmouths have fins.
Smallmouths inhabit rivers.
Smallmouths survive in water.
Smallness also correlates with school safety and a greater sense of personal efficacy.
Smallness can be a plus for many products.
Smallness gets ever smaller, and bigness gets ever bigger.
Smallness induces manageability and, above all, commitment.
Smallness is all.
Smallness is amounts.
Smallness is important, too.
Smallness is more likely to occur and persist in a private college.
Smallness is no virtue in itself and can lead to defensiveness and stagnation.
Smallness is size
Smallness is size.
Smallness is the key.
Smallness is the order of the day.
Smallness requires participation, which creates engagement.
Smallness sharpens focus and fosters personal relationships.
Smallness simply signals a lack of development.
Smallness translates into limited resources.
Smallpox epidemic kills thousands.
Smallpox eradication is among the greatest public health achievements of all time.
Smallpox vaccine is indicated only for laboratory personnel working with orthopoxviruses.
Smallpox vaccine is ineffective in the treatment of any disease.
Smallpox vaccine is one of the most successful preventative medicines ever used.
Smallpox vaccines are vaccines.
A smallpox virus is a poxvirus
Smallpox virus has a single, stable serotype, which is the key to the success of the vaccine.
Smallpox virus is a terrific virus.
Smallpox virus is easy to make in large quantities.
Smallpox virus is extremely contagious in the air.
Smallpox also lives on in the blood after a person has died.
Smallpox arrives in Europe for the first time.
Smallpox can cause millions of cells within the body to explode.
Smallpox can survive in the air for more than a day, giving it plenty of time to spread.
Smallpox causes pus-filled blisters all over the body and can be fatal.
Smallpox causes the development of blisters on the skin which fill with fluid and become inflamed.
Smallpox is a classic epidemic disease that was sustainable only by large human populations.
Smallpox is a concern up and down the Eastern seaboard, in and out of the battle areas.
Smallpox is a derivative of cowpox, measles of canine distemper, and influenza of hog diseases.
Smallpox is a highly contagious disease, which is observed as a condition of the skin.
Smallpox is a horrible disease.
Smallpox is a much more dangerous virus if it ever got loose, than monkeypox.
Smallpox is a particular favorite of bio-weaponeers.
Smallpox is a serious infectious disease that no longer occurs anywhere in the world.
Smallpox is a viral disease.
Smallpox is a virus disease that normally spreads from person to person by airborne droplets.
Smallpox is a virus that enters the respiratory tract.
Smallpox is a virus.
Smallpox is an acute infectious disease caused by a virus.
Smallpox is an area of focus because the American population is very susceptible to it.
Smallpox is caused by the related 'Variola virus'.
Smallpox is considered worse than anthrax.
Smallpox is contagion
Smallpox is diseases.
Smallpox is eradicated as a disease through a worldwide vaccination program.
Smallpox is eradicated from the Americas.
Smallpox is exceedingly dangerous to pregnant women.
Smallpox is extremely highly contagious.
Smallpox is gone.
Smallpox is highly infectious, fatal in a third of cases.
Smallpox is more insidious.
Smallpox is one of the biological agents mentioned as a possible weapon.
Smallpox is perhaps the most dramatic.
Smallpox is present in secretions and discharges from the nose and the mouth of a victim.
Smallpox is similar to chicken pox but far more deadly.
Smallpox is skin infection.
Smallpox is such a human disease.
Smallpox is the cause of the deaths.
Smallpox is the only disease that has been completely eradicated.
Smallpox is the only disease that has been eradicated through the use of vaccination.
Smallpox is the only disease that has been eradicated.
Smallpox is unique.
Smallpox is worse than alot of other really bad sicknesses.
Smallpox now exists only as stored virus at two research disease centers.
Smallpox ravages Afghanistan every spring, killing about one-fifth of the children.
Smallpox spreads primarily by oropharyngeal aerosols from infected patients.
Smalltalk applications are big with corporate developers and that's a problem.
Smalltalk applications execute on both workstations and servers.
Smalltalk code is extremely easy to modify.
Smalltalk implementation is too evident.
Smalltalk programmers have more methods.
Smalltalk testing is complicated.
A smalltooth sawfish is a sawfish
Smalltooth sawfish is one of two species of sawfish that inhabit U.S. waters.
Smallwood volume is ordinarily inclusive of bark.
Smart acquisition refers to procurement processes that are cheaper, faster and better.
Smart advertisers aim for eyeballs on the job.
Smart agents are a dumb idea.
Smart Agents Do Deals On The Net .
Smart agents perform activities on the behalf of someone or something.
Smart anger is, in fact, the best way to regain control.
Smart anglers know that light line , thin wire hooks , and live bait catch big walleye.
Smart anglers know that light line, thin wire hooks, and live bait catch big walleye.
Smart anglers stay well away from casting targets when fishing clear water with little lures.
Smart antenna See adaptive smart antenna.
Smart antennas are another example where the software and hardware collaborate well.
Smart appearance is necessary.
Smart appliance make owners' lives easier and contractors' revenues rosier.
Smart architecture cooperates instead of fighting.
Smart architecture is architecture with a smile - and a sincere one.
Smart architecture is beautiful and elegant.
Smart architecture is efficient.
Smart architecture is intelligent.
Smart architecture is never just green - it is always something more.
Smart architecture is optimistic and cheerful.
Smart architecture is sometimes surprisingly simple.
Smart architecture is techno-logical.
Smart athletes make a point to have spares in case of loss or damage.
Smart attire is required.
Smart backgrounds are truly functional graphics for web pages.
Smart bandages are one new cotton possibility.
Smart biologists are just as motivated by the marketplace as smart computer scientists.
Smart birds can stay out of the reach of cats although very few birds are smart .
Smart boards look like basic whiteboard, but act as computer monitors.
Smart boaters check the local forecast the night before going boating and again in the morning.
Smart boaters keep an eye on the skies.
Smart boaters know that there is more to a product than just a name.
Smart bodybuilders keep track of each and every workout.
A smart bomb is a bomb
Smart bomb offers chronic pain relief.
Smart bombs are bombs.
Smart bombs are for geeks.
Smart bombs have bad days, too.
Smart builders are glad to work with Realtors because they can bring other clients.
Smart builders get a series of things approved all at once.
Smart buildings give the industry a design consideration with a competitive edge.
Smart business works for websites too.
Smart businesses deploy whatever technology is necessary to serve the customer.
Smart businesses know that all media works better if it is supported by the other media.
Smart businesses know that strategic relationships are the key to satisfying niche market needs.
Smart businesses know that the real value of their equipment is in the revenue it generates.
Smart businesses know the importance of a firewall on their network.
Smart businesses place their IP alongside other assets on the company balance sheet.
Smart businesses realize the benefits of reducing waste and recycling.
Every smart business does that.
Smart businessmen see opportunity.
Most smart businessmen see opportunity.
Some smart businessmen start companies.
Smart businesspeople recognize that.
Smart button allows one-touch dialing and simplifies access to menus.
Smart buyers are the ones who consider both the long and the short term in purchasing a lift truck.
Smart buyers avoid the most common mistakes made by normal buyers.
Smart buyers get appraisals before they buy.
Smart buyers grab their credit cards and head for the stack of catalogs on the coffee table.
Smart buyers insist on companies with the high ratings.
Smart buyers line up the financing before shopping or putting in offers.
Smart buyers save money when they avoid lenders who compute interest by other methods.
Smart buyers use an exclusive buyers agent to make their real estate purchases.
Smart Call Forwarding Never miss a call again with the Smart Call Forwarding option.
Smart cars running on smart highways are but six years from prototype.
A smart card is positive identification
Smart card Provides a secure hardware-based storage for private keys and certificates.
Smart card Provides a secure hardware-based storage for private keys.
Smart card secures access to low cost smart labels.
Smart cards allow access to critical health data, while maintaining privacy and security.
Smart cards allow for digital credential portability.
Smart cards allow private key storage on secured hardware.
Smart cards allow thousands of times the information storable on magnetic stripe cards.
Smart cards appear to combine it all.
Smart cards are a European phenomenon, with penetration increasing in Asia and Latin America.
Smart cards are a form of digital cash.
Smart cards are a hot issue in China now.
Smart cards are able to interact with other hardware in two ways.
Smart cards are actually micro computers.
Smart cards are already popular in Europe but are practically unknown in the United States.
Smart cards are also password protected.
Smart cards are an excellent medium for carrying password-protected personal data.
Smart cards are an ideal vehicle for authentication and access control.
Smart cards are an ideal vehicle on which to store a digital certificate.
Smart cards are another solution, though they require swipe readers.
Smart cards are another step in that direction.
Smart cards are cards.
Smart cards are credit card sized plastic cards with an embedded microprocessor chip.
Smart cards are credit card-size devices that work in much the same way as tokens.
Smart cards are credit card-size pieces of plastic embedded with computer microprocessors.
Smart cards are credit card-sized cards that contain small computer chips.
Smart cards are credit card-sized pieces of plastic with a computer microprocessor embedded within.
Smart cards are currently further along on the maturity curve than biometrics.
Smart cards are dynamic or memory-only.
Smart cards are funny things.
Smart cards are ideal for controlling data that requires portability and security.
Smart cards are in a sense an extension of the prepayment cards.
Smart cards are just the tip of the iceberg.
Smart cards are new devices that provide even tougher safeguards.
Smart cards are nothing new.
Smart cards are old hat in Europe, but just arriving in North America.
Smart cards are one solution.
Smart cards are only one platform on which such services can be based.
Smart cards are plastic cards the size of a credit card and contain one computer chip.
Smart cards are popular in Europe but have yet to catch on in North America.
Smart cards are positive identification.
Smart cards are probably the next big deal.
Smart cards are programmable, and hence can be applied to all manner of purposes.
Smart cards are secure.
Smart cards are seemingly an excellent medium for carrying password-protected personal data.
Smart cards are small enough to be stored in a wallet or a cellular phone.
Smart cards are small-embedded devices with strong security requirements.
Smart cards are some of the most secure devices available today.
Smart cards are the current hype.
Smart cards are the future for access control systems.
Smart cards are the mean of payment to tranfer ecash, that is the mean of exchange.
Smart cards are the most effective and secure means of storing and using digital signatures.
Smart cards are the next big thing.
Smart cards are to credit cards what a computer is to a slide rule.
Smart cards are very flexible instruments, and offer systems designers a great deal of flexibility.
Smart cards are very much a European thing.
Smart cards are wallet sized cards that contain a computer chip and can perform multiple functions.
Smart cards are wallet-sized cards that look like credit cards in size and material.
Smart cards are well-established in Europe and they are moving onto the Internet.
Smart cards are worth implementing to solve a specific problem.
Smart cards can also carry vital medical history and details about insurance coverage.
Smart cards can also store value.
Smart cards can be 'read only' cards that simply contain information about the subject.
Smart cards can even collect demographic information for sponsors and events.
Smart cards can eventually facilitate access and permissions to a broad range of school resources.
Smart cards can help transit authorities increase transit revenues in a variety of ways.
Smart cards can modify the information they hold.
Smart cards can play an extremely valuable role in a carrier s customer retention efforts.
Smart cards can provide a very secure way of generating, storing and using private keys.
Smart cards can provide basic patient data like blood type, allergies, and medicines.
Smart cards can provide identification, authentication and nonrepudiation for secure transactions.
Smart cards can store digitised photographs and fingerprints or other biometric data.
Smart cards can store personal information and perform secure financial transactions.
Smart cards come in several forms.
Smart cards come in two formats which are functionally identical.
Smart cards communicate directly with the challenging entity through a smart card reader.
Smart cards contain chips able to store a host of digital data.
Smart cards cost as much as ten times more than mag-stripes.
Smart cards get stealthy .
Smart cards get their brains from a microchip, rather than the credit card's magnetic strip.
Smart cards guarantee a secure identification and authentication of a user.
Smart cards have two different types of interfaces.
Smart cards hold a user's personal number, billing details and address book.
Smart cards hold the promise of benefits for consumers and merchants world-wide.
Smart cards look like a credit or bank card.
Smart cards look like credit cards and contain an embedded computer chip.
Smart cards look like credit cards, but they are embedded with microchips.
Smart cards look like credit cards.
Smart cards look like typical credit cards.
Smart cards make it easy to digitally sign documents, and they are fast.
Smart cards make possible cheaper and faster payments.
Smart cards offer a way around the software and infrastructure problems.
Smart cards offer new services and greater security to consumers, merchants and members alike.
Smart cards offer several advantages.
Smart cards offer users a more secure, more convenient and faster way of making payments.
Smart cards promise to revolutionize the future of electronic transactions.
Smart cards provide a number of advantages over magnetic stripe cards.
Smart cards provide another application for CSPs.
Smart cards provide data portability, security and convenience.
Smart cards provide hardware based security.
Smart cards require the same, in addition to wanting the data to be trusted and verified.
Smart cards support a wide and growing variety of applications.
Smart cards use a microprocessor or memory chip to store information.
Many smart cards are about the size of a credit card and can be issued by banks.
Many smart cards offer multiple protocols using the same secret keys.
Most smart cards manage binary text and numeric data.
Some smart cards are smarter than others.
Some smart cards can cover multiple types of purchases, including groceries, gas and stamps.
Smart chapters know that one of the best ways to receive support is to give support.
Smart choices filter.
Smart choices offers information on reproductive health, nutrition, and other health-related issues.
Smart cities keep up.
Smart Classrooms are classrooms with varying levels of multimedia integration.
Smart classrooms are standard in the new building.
Smart classrooms are the gateway to a world of information andengaging teaching.
Smart classrooms designed primarily for lectures have laptop connections for students.
Smart classrooms make multimedia teaching andhigh-quality computer presentations a true possibility.
Smart classrooms provide an opportunity for video enhancement of any learning situation.
Smart clicks is a new banner network.
Smart coaches analyze videotape for opponents' tendencies.
Smart coaches see the advantage.
Smart communities are information-literate communities.
Smart communities provide for connectivity at the community level.
Smart communities provide the infrastructure for connectivity at the community level.
Smart commuters know.
Smart companies are aware that one of the most common complaints about the Internet is spam.
Smart companies are very protective of their image on the internet.
Smart companies begin creating their reports well in advance, often in the summer.
Smart companies build packages with thoughtful low cost, no cost benefits.
Smart companies develop crisis management plans.
Smart companies do.
Smart companies get it.
Smart companies invest in new technology.
Smart companies know that knowledge breeds success.
Smart companies know the importance of personal development in employee retention.
Smart companies learn to use fads.
Smart companies make smart bets.
Smart companies monitor the performance and activity of their web presence.
Smart companies pay attention to ergonomics.
Smart companies provide monthly benefits statements and conduct meetings to explain changes.
Smart companies recognize and reward that.
Smart companies recognize that.
Smart companies see severance pay as the cheapest insurance they can buy.
Smart companies see that fact.
Smart companies tailor their sites so they appeal to the culture to which they broadcast.
Smart components can also replace custom and specialized products.
Smart components can increase the reliability of a system.
Smart composites have wide applications in the aerospace and civil engineering fields.
Smart concrete is stronger than conventional concrete by the use of carbon fibers.
Smart consultants understand that the client's success is their success.
Smart consumers can bid low and try to win products for peanuts.
Smart consumers consider all their options before making major financial decisions.
Smart consumers do comparison shopping when looking for credit such as a mortgage or an auto loan.
Smart consumers get the facts.
Smart consumers know that self-education is the key to a positive buying experience.
Smart Contracts are a new way to think about public network security and business relationships.
Smart contractors make note of whether the epoxies to be used are haz-mat regulated.
Any smart cook knows how to cut the burn off a biscuit and promote blackened beef.
Smart couples begin with a healthy respect for iconography.
Smart creditors avoid people already in trouble.
Smart customers are value conscious when spending their money.
Smart customers arrive early to get the best pick of the freshest produce and baked goods.
Smart customers look beyond pricing when considering a purchase.
Smart customers use it.
Smart cyclists are safe cyclists.
Smart cyclists make themselves easy to see.
Smart dealers know their long-term success depends on a good reputation.
Smart debt can enhance economic growth.
Smart decisions are pointless if they're made too late.
Smart decisions are the cornerstone of any successful organization.
Smart decisions can mean a lucrative retirement for the business owner who dared to dream.
Smart decisions start with reliable information.
Smart deer are typically the ones that survive.
Smart design can make a smaller house seem bigger and bad design can make a big house seem cramped.
Smart design is the new competitive frontier.
Smart development is compact and re-uses existing sites and buildings wherever possible.
Smart devices consume XML Web services and provide .NET experiences.
Smart devices seem to finally be a thing whose time has come.
Smart devices work in bursts to grab the information users want off the Net.
Smart doctors have the potential to be wonderful.
Smart drawings are more than just lines, arcs and circles.
Smart dress is advised.
Smart dress is recommended, particularly for evening presentations.
Smart Drinks Welcome to the smart drink area.
Smart drivers stay put until it's safe.
Smart eating makes it easy and permanent.
Smart editors create allies in other departments before laying out the plan to the publisher.
Smart editors reward staff members when deadlines are met.
Smart employees realize that the safety rules are put in place for our own protection.
Smart employers know that without exception everyone gets their share of personal challenges.
Smart employers prepare for the turnover.
Smart employers request all job applicants to sign agreements containing such clauses.
Smart employers take advantage of that power shift.
Smart employers use monitoring as part of a strategy to minimize liability.
Smart enemies move and react with striking realism.
Smart engineering can often boost that by a factor of two or better.
Smart engineering extends battery life.
Smart entrepreneurs get their own product line and sell it through their own affiliate program.
Smart entrepreneurs know the price is right.
Smart entrepreneurs realize old halls with wooden dance floors are still magnets.
Smart entrepreneurs recognize the value of time when they bargain with venture capitalists.
Smart entrepreneurs understand areas.
Most smart entrepreneurs understand areas.
Smart executives know that companies own trademarks, consumers own brands.
Smart executives preserve their sanity by building psychological firewalls.
Smart features abound.
Smart features make it more reliable.
Many smart features make it easier than ever.
Smart fellows take good care of their teeth and visit the dentist regularly.
Smart filter uses numerical math methods for detection and removal of glitches.
Smart firms use state societies as farm systems to recruit.
Smart folks call outward to a bottoming truth deficiency.
Smart folks know their poisons.
Smart folks tend to depend on their own wits.
Smart forms are also a good application.
Smart frames are portable and provide an alternative to browser -based digital photo albums.
Smart freshers can also apply.
Smart geeks are cool.
Smart girls are one example.
Smart girls are ugly and unattractive.
Smart girls decide for themselves.
Smart goals are specific, measurable, and achievable.
Smart golfers play with spin and the Gear Effect.
Smart golfers use persimmon wood.
Smart government courts the press, endlessly organizes press conferences and briefings.
Some smart grids perform various functions.
Smart grocers know something about human nature.
Smart growth calls for tax policies to ensure that growth pays for itself.
Smart growth can save taxpayers a lot of money.
Smart growth demands flexibility on all sides.
Smart growth endorses development that is more compact and efficient than current land uses.
Smart growth enhances neighborhoods, saves local revenue .
Smart growth gives people choices.
Smart growth implies a mix of jobs, homes, and open space.
Smart growth includes a lot of pieces that work together to make more livable communities.
Smart growth includes the growth of the human spirit, and room for it to grow.
Smart growth involves gaining political consensus and converting that into workable land-use plans.
Smart growth is a compendium of strategies that is pro-growth while maintaining a bit of open space.
Smart growth is a means of making unsustainability as pleasant as possible.
Smart growth is a movement that aspires to create a different future for land use.
Smart growth is a nebulous term.
Smart growth is a set of ideas tried across the nation THAT WORK for taxpayers.
Smart growth is about building partnerships.
Smart growth is about choices .
Smart growth is about helping communities prosper as our region heads into the new economy.
Smart growth is about jobs.
Smart growth is about more than just reducing traffic congestion and school overcrowding.
Smart growth is about protecting our environment,farmlands, wetlands and open spaces.
Smart growth is about regionalism.
Smart growth is about using resources wisely.
Smart growth is about working together.
Smart growth is all about preparation for our future, preparing our state for each new generation.
Smart growth is all about quality of life.
Smart growth is all the rage-everybody says they want to stop urban sprawl.
Smart growth is an initiative that transcends social and political lines.
Smart growth is characterized by a mixed-use community with various transportation options.
Smart growth is conservative.
Smart growth is good for the economy.
Smart growth is inherently a conservative philosophy.
Smart growth is just one of the terms thrown around during such discussions.
Smart growth is more than simple, compact and tidy urban planning concepts.
Smart growth is the goal Jacksonville is a dynamic city that is experiencing tremendous growth.
Smart growth is the right thing to do.
Smart growth leverages new growth to improve the community.
Smart growth makes more efficient use of land and public infrastructure, saving taxpayers' dollars.
Smart growth means a more economically competitive region.
Smart growth means being tough on industrial processes that pollute air, water, or land.
Smart growth means different things in different places.
Smart growth means different things to different people.
Smart growth means incentives over controls.
Smart growth means no new building in floodplains and other disaster prone areas.
Smart growth means smart management of resources in both growing and declining communities.
Smart growth means tax savings.
Smart growth means that development needs to be focused in the urban core and inner ring suburbs.
Smart growth offers commuters real options and an improved quality of life.
Smart growth offers greater choice for homebuyers and renters by making communities more livable.
Smart growth promotes livable conditions and enhances economic activity.
Smart growth protects the environment, including open space and farm land.
Smart growth recognizes connections between development and quality of life.
Smart growth rejects that as a principle.
Smart growth requires attractive and compact mixed-use development.
Smart growth requires creative thinking, cooperation, and hard work.
Smart growth saves money while protecting the environment.
Smart growth spreads.
Smart growth strengthens urban economies.
Smart growth varies from place to place.
Smart guys have advantage.
Smart guys have technical advantage.
Most smart guys have advantage.
Most smart guys have technical advantage.
Smart hackers destroy the logs containing hints to their whereabouts.
Smart homes are just around the corner, the tech hypsters say.
Smart homeowners deserve smarter protection.
Smart horses like to look around when they get to a new place.
Smart humans leave the ants to their work.
Smart hurdlers don t just get out there and start running.
Smart images are images with knowledge structures.
Smart import allows the automatic placing of Peep cases into the Portfolio hierarchy.
Most smart instruments provide extensive information about their own health.
Smart investors allocate funds between offensive and defensive investments.
Smart investors bet on companies that attract and retain talent.
Smart investors can readily see the benefits of immigration in an increasingly global marketplace.
Smart investors gather here.
Smart investors have the guts to buy low.
Smart investors know better.
Smart investors know that good labor relations are critical to a company's bottom line.
Smart investors know there are no borders anymore, only great companies.
Smart investors know there are offensive and defensive investments.
Smart investors look for inflection points where overestimation turns to underestimation.
Smart investors look for the best total return.
Smart investors look to buy stock in a company that's going up in value.
Smart investors play the percentages.
Smart investors realize short-term gains only when they have offsetting losses.
Smart investors try to anticipate both events to profit from their eventuality.
All smart investors do some form of due diligence before making any investment or trade.
Smart keys are dangerous in a data warehouse dimension table for several reasons.
Smart kids ages nine to ten.
Smart kids can excel and be stimulated in public school.
Smart labels are custom designed to the customer's exact specifications.
Smart labels can therefore increase customer satisfaction and loyalty.
Smart labels help solve problems in product identification, control, tracking and security.
Smart labels incorporate small, flexible RFID transponders into traditional thermal bar code labels.
Smart leaders are the ones who are quicker to notice their mistakes, and then make a correction.
Smart leaders know that what they're trying to do is develop people's capacity to act.
Smart leaders read the archive and stay on route.
Smart lecterns are obsolete.
Smart liens are one element of smart contracts.
Smart living is about a choice.
Smart machines affect jobs, markets, money, standards of living, education, health, and war.
Smart machines is a highly emotional subject.
Smart machines proliferate like bunnies and eat bits like horses.
Smart men assume that about women, just as all women assume that about men.
All smart men know when to admit they're wrong.
Smart management cocks a listening ear.
Smart management requires a solid business structure and accurate measurement of results.
Smart management shows up in the details.
Smart managers head off that possibility.
Smart managers hire people because they can ride a fast learning curve.
Smart managers know change brings opportunity.
Smart managers know the value of good workers, too.
Smart managers know the value of stretching resources.
Smart managers learn from their mistakes.
Smart managers look for practical, front-line solutions.
Smart managers look for what their people are doing right and then comment on it.
Smart managers take the time to discover what makes each employee tick.
Smart manufacturers learn why rework happens and take steps to minimize it.
Smart markets allow private market allocations to instantaneously account for coordination problems.
Smart marketers create strategies that work for years.
Smart marketers develop promotional concepts that improve with age.
Smart marketers do it consistently.
Smart marketers know that expanding all links to the consumer extends the power of their brand.
Smart marketers know the value of an irresistible offer.
Smart marketers understand that mainstream media is ineffective for ethnic advertising.
Smart marketing begins with smart decisions based on customer needs.
Smart marketing is a combination of creating desire and responding to consumer demand and needs.
Smart marketing is more than just good business.
Smart marketing is often the thing a business needs most and does last.
Smart marketing is the entire planning process required to produce, promote and price a commodity.
Smart marketing means developing media smarts.
Smart marketing requires more than just a sharp looking page.
Smart marketing starts with qualifying leads.
Smart marriages seems to want to save marriages.
Smart materials are materials with inherent intelligence.
Smart materials are the functional ingredients of actuators, sensors and transducers.
Smart materials have the potential to affect almost every area of new product development.
Smart matter consists of sensors, actuators and computers embedded in physical materials.
Smart merchants accept it.
Smart merchants insist on full disclosure of all account terms.
Smart meter shows condition of glow plug used.
Smart meters are far more nosy.
Smart mines can cost fifty times more than dumb mines.
Smart mode is on by default.
Smart modes are very useful for drawing things like roads, rivers, hallways, walls and fences.
Smart money calls to reserve in advance.
Smart money is a venture
Smart money is on some kind of agreement.
Smart money is on the end of the world.
Smart money is people.
Smart money is speculation.
Smart money refers to money that is used and invested in wise ways.
Smart money says that journey has already begun.
Smart money says they'll do just fine.
Smart money stays conservative.
Smart money's on that happening.
Smart money's on the big guy.
Smart money's on the under.
Some smart money seems to think so.
Smart motor allows for multiple preset stop points and easy operation.
Smart musicians love the Internet for precisely the same reasons.
Smart newsrooms can easily remedy that fault.
Smart nutrition is essential for students to promote proper learning.
Smart nutrition prevents and even reverses health problems.
Smart objects are modules of reusable software.
Smart ones do.
Smart operators pave the way through consumer education.
Smart organizations go out of their way to make cus- tomers feel important and appreciated.
Smart organizations learn from their failures.
Smart packages contain a special code that carries significant information.
Smart parents go on reading to their children even after the age of six.
Smart parents know an ally when they see one.
Smart parents looking out for their children can do the rest.
Smart patients ask lots of questions.
Smart people are better listeners .
Smart people are eggheads, people without lives.
Smart people are everywhere and new ideas are the source of new products, services and industries.
Smart people are here to shop for an agent.
Smart people buy their drinking water in plastic bottles.
Smart people buy timeshares, but smarter people buy timeshare resales.
Smart people can do stupid things.
Smart people can shape childrens minds better than stupid people.
Smart people can work anywhere.
Smart people choose the Smart Zone.
Smart people come here.
Smart people come up with things like that.
Smart people do dumb things.
Smart people do that.
Smart people embrace technology.
Smart people find ways to get past it.
Smart people get rich, curious people learn.
Smart people get stupid laws changed.
Smart people get the picture right away.
Smart people hang on to their ace to prevent shooting.
Smart people have one.
Smart people know about chemical addictions such as smoking and drinking and drugs.
Smart people know all the information in the world is useless unless it is put in context.
Smart people know guns in the hands of angry and immature kids is just plain foolish.
Smart people know sex is powerful and can be a controlling force in life.
Smart people know that honesty alone makes for a good relationship.
Smart people know that life is more than material gain.
Smart people know to look for it, they want a steady stream of perspective.
Smart people learn from their mistakes, wise people learn from others' mistakes.
Smart people learn from their own mistakes.
Smart people learn how to recognize, market and capitalize on their knowledge.
Smart people learn new things.
Smart people listen to view points from the other side of the fence.
Smart people maintain the right course by adhering to high standards at all times.
Smart people make bad drivers.
Smart people make choices on the basis of real value.
Smart people make time to manage their careers.
Smart people plan turf wars and argue the ethics of industry-sponsored research.
Smart people read the fine print.
Smart people say it couldn t happen again.
Smart people say some pretty smart things.
Smart people SEEK Australian job listings, employer profiles, and job search and career information.
Smart people SEEK Australian job listings,employer profiles, and job search and career information.
Smart people seek help when they are having problems.
Smart people shop for agents.
Smart people structure their time, as much as possible, to flow new experiences thru their lives.
Smart people talk about campus politics, post-tenure review and continuous quality management.
Smart people tend to marry smart people.
Smart people tend to PLAN their children, and only have the few that they can manage.
Smart people treat their hardware adequately.
Smart people wear glasses.
Some smart people say the dumbest things about computers.
Any smart person can put together intellectually engaging music.
Any smart person can see that it is dumb and wasteful to through away a shirt because of a spot.
Smart phones are already in the market, and are providing users with data capabilities.
Smart phones are much more sophisticated.
Smart phones are smaller than PDAs and are designed to make calls.
Smart phones can send and receive data much faster than older phones .
Smart phones can send and receive data much faster than older phones.
Smart pigs are electronic devices that can measure and gather importan data insidce a pipeline.
Smart planners protect their nest egg.
Smart planning can save time and money.
Smart planning takes a knowledgeable partner.
Smart play is to iron it off the tee.
Smart players choose blackjack.
Smart players know their limits and avoid trouble.
Smart players pick the betting level they are comfortable with and choose their game accordingly.
Smart players use technology to do more for the customer.
Smart pointers are a possible solution, as illustrated below.
Smart pointers are classes whose constructors note the exact location of the pointers in memory.
Smart pointers are hard to get right.
Smart pointers are objects that look and act like built-in pointers, but do more.
Smart pointers are objects that look and feel like pointers, but are smarter.
Smart pointers automate proxy garbage collection.
Smart Politicians Do to Screw Up Their Lives .
Smart politicians know better.
Smart polymers provide size-selective switches to turn proteins on, off .
Smart presidents play off the failures of their predecessors.
Smart pressure is simply smart basketball on the defensive end of the court.
Smart probes permit rapid detector replacements or swapping of probe types in the field.
Smart procurement means making every pound count.
Smart producers use variations on their title themes to accent news segments, Israel says.
Smart professionals do what they can to make a potentially terrible situation more tolerable.
Smart professionals prepare for the future and look for ways to supplement income.
Smart programs use rich data structures, both to be flexible, and to use sophisticated algorithms.
Smart programmers are hundreds of times more productive than ordinary programmers.
Smart programmers do it with functions.
Smart programming helps to make the problem more tractable but it is still difficult.
Smart promoters do it far more gently.
Smart proprietors use that information to stay in contact with their customers.
Smart publicists know that lists are a sure-fire means getting attention.
Smart publishers are worried.
Smart punks are dangerous.
Smart quotes are a feature found in many popular word processing programs.
Smart quotes are a preference setting on most word processing systems.
Smart quotes turn into odd letters when sent by email.
Smart references can preform additional action above a simple pointer.
Smart refill reminders that compel patients to re-order their drugs.
Smart reforms can build it further.
Smart regions solve problems before they loom large.
Smart renters plan for the worst and discuss all that can go wrong before moving in together.
Smart reporters run their words by a copy editor before they hit print.
Smart retailers understand that it takes a click and mortar approach.
Smart reviews make it easy.
Smart riders are rare and much needed.
Smart riders find ways to use their donkey's quirks.
Smart roads are no exception.
Smart roads work best in conjunction with cars that have computerized navigation systems.
Smart robots take on sophisticated jobs.
Smart rooms are available on request.
Smart routers can help direct the traffic to be geographically friendly.
Smart salespeople sell as high on the corporate food chain as they can go.
Smart sanctions constitute the strategy for stifling such weapons development.
Smart sanctions target the elite and minimise effects on innocent civilians.
Smart savers are smart investors.
Smart savers do it the other way around.
Smart Sayings Refusing to have an opinion is a way of having one.
Smart schools are only one part of the shift in Malaysian education.
Smart schools learn as they go, adjusting the plan and modifying strategies to optimize results.
Smart schools provide a combination of low end and high end desktops to extend student access.
Smart sense can keep students' heads above water, out of debt.
Smart sensors improve an auto's safety, performance, and comfort.
Smart services are in.
Smart services are Web services with context added.
A smart set is an elite
Smart sets require basic PALs.
Smart sharks terrorize the crew of an underwater lab.
Smart shoppers are able to do more with their money.
Smart shoppers can claim the spoils.
Smart shoppers can take advantage of that fact by waiting to buy until the downslide begins.
Smart shoppers check prices online.
Smart shoppers compare the price per pound.
Smart shoppers consider the facts before they buy.
Smart shoppers find great buys on computers, electronics, books, music and movies.
Smart shoppers get more for their money.
Smart shoppers know how to see through sales promotions to find the best item at the best price.
Smart shoppers plan ahead.
Smart shoppers read or listen to ads to find out what's on sale.
Smart shoppers seek clinically proven methods to lose fat and enhance their health.
Smart shoppers shop around.
Smart shoppers use the Web to browse for gifts and compare prices.
Smart shopping Take a fresh look at plaid.
Smart shopping takes on new meaning when it comes to herbal products.
Smart Shopping Think twice before buying household cleaning and maintenance products.
Smart sites are more compelling.
Smart sites can grow.
Smart sites cost more right now, but they inevitably save money in the long run.
Smart sites have richer content.
Smart sites offer links to shipping rates or show shipping costs as soon as an item hits the cart.
Smart snacks can be part of a heart healthy part of teen life.
Smart societies pay up front in the form of higher defense spending.
Smart software is now available which use neural network technology to raise the alarm signs.
Smart solutions are available to tackle congestion.
Smart spaces contain micro cameras and hidden computer processors that monitor human movement.
Smart startups plan for it and fund it up front.
Smart stations realize they are in the business of selling their advertisers products.
Smart storage is also important for items like pet food and birdseed.
Smart strategy can build bridges and open doors in rewarding ways.
Smart students begin memorizing the base names for one to ten carbons.
Smart students learn to hide the fact they can learn.
Smart students spend significantly more.
Smart switches do cost more, but they offer better security than normal switches.
Smart systems provide hands-off vibration control for space shuttle.
Smart tech enables cellular phone users to easily operate in different countries.
Smart technology is fun.
Smart technology is the reason.
Smart technology is used to time their deployment independent of other airbags in the vehicle.
Smart technology offers perfectly secure use of the card.
Smart technology pinpoints very likely matches and filters out the unlikely ones.
Smart technology reduces the total life cycle cost of winter switch protection.
Smart terminals have enough on-board memory and processing power to support graphical interfaces.
Smart terminals introduce the possibility of other kinds of communication architectures.
Smart text sizing automatically changes the font size when necessary.
Smart thermostats have the ability to change between an occupied mode and an empty-house mode.
Smart tools are the answer.
Smart tourists react accordingly in choosing their destinations.
Smart toys blur the line between adult and child.
Smart toys blur the line between toy and tool.
Smart toys make smart game peripherals.
Smart traders watch the quality of the fruit they put in the market.
Smart training is the path to faster times and good health.
Smart transit comes from good planning.
Smart transportation is no small business.
Smart travel takes more than packing light and wearing moneybelts.
Smart travelers carry their own portable door locks.
Smart travelers check road conditions, especially in winter and stormy weather.
Smart travelers know how to take advantage of overbooking.
Smart travellers learn about their destination before leaving their country.
Smart travellers take the train now between London and Paris.
Smart trout abandon some of their caution after dark.
Smart trout are easier to fool when they're feeding actively.
Smart turtles are patient turtles.
Smart TV buys all rights and publishes work in print and online.
Smart TV shows consumers how to use the new technology.
Smart uniforms add to elegance.
Smart vacationers develop a vacation budget ahead of time and limit their charges to allotted items.
Smart viruses find ways around host defenses.
Smart visitors take the cable route up and walk down.
Smart wax means burning less energy to get the skis going, making for more fun on the trail.
Smart weapons are affordable from the overall mission perspective.
Some smart weapons are autonomous, while others are remotely controlled after they are launched.
Smart windows are electrochromic devices used for energy control and display devices.
Smart women are good sports about that.
Smart women are past the club and bar scene.
Smart women avoid answering or tell a little white lie to keep from hurting their lover's feelings.
Smart women diss other smart women who make stay at home choices.
Smart women like to feel powerful themselves, and appreciate men who can handle that.
Smart worriers soothe themselves, while worrywarts rile themselves up.
A smart is pain
Smarts are companies.
Smarts are division.
Smarts are more important than speed.
Smarts are pain.
Smarts count for a lot.
Smarts is a hell of alot more than processing data.
Smarts is a way of thinking and can usually be improved with brain training.
Smarts is the most exclusive disco in town.
Smarts Needs Special .
Smarts Needs Special.
Smarts seem to catch our attention.
Most Smarts are also very colourful.
Some smartcard vendors offer the possibility of creating identical cards.
Smarter animals run from large mammals in the water.
Smarter choices lift.
Smarter design makes the cap more reliable.
Smarter energy does the same work at less cost.
Smarter merchants issue monthly checks.
Smarter people question their world and are more apprehensive to believe everything they hear.
Smarter purchases mean fewer returns.
Smarter routers can recognize a voice session and give it bandwidth priority.
Smarter searches are just the beginning.
Smarter spending is the key.
Smarter systems mean smarter software.
Smartmag units are high-quality commercially available instruments.
A smash hit is a hit
More smash hits follow.
A smasher is success
Smasher isa individual.
Smasher isa person.
Smasher isa somebody.
Smasher isa someone.
Smashers are the ones that have the reputation for being able to crack glass.
Smashers eat hard-shelled prey including clams, crabs and snails.
Smashers have (part) arms.
Smashers have (part) body substances.
Smashers have (part) cell membranes.
Smashers have (part) cells.
Smashers have (part) corpi.
Smashers have (part) cytoplasm.
Smashers have (part) heads.
Smashers have (part) human bodies.
Smashers have (part) legs.
Smashers have (part) material bodies.
Smashers have (part) necks.
Smashers have (part) nuclei.
Smashers have (part) personality.
Smashers have (part) plasma membranes.
Smashers have (part) sections.
Smashers have (part) vacuoles.
Some smashers possess strength.
Smashing cues solves nothing.
Smashing glass is heard, as empties are tossed against the asphalt.
Smashing icons is hard work.
Smashing stuff gets old fast.
Smashing things is more interesting.
Smashmouth hockey beats a irridescent pastel puck every time.
SMDS lines are available in two speeds.
SMDS service allows for inexpensive redunancy and quick turn on time for remote sites.
SMDS service is reviewed and compared with frame relay service.
SME clustering is common in a wide range of countries and sectors.
SME expenditure is the only eligible project cost.
SME functions are open to members, their guests and the general public.
SME membership is limited to a trial period of one year.
SME policy prohibits publication of a paper in more than one journal.
Smear campaigns are hurtful to candidates and their families.
Smear plugs have the same composition as the smear layer and are located inside dentinal tubules.
A smear is a defect
Smear shows anisocytosis, poikilocytosis, basophilic stippling, hypersegmentation of neutrophils.
Smears are defamation.
Smears are effective political weapons.
Smears are insults, as opposed to arguments.
Smears are quick to decompose, but are unsightly and potentially unsanitary.
Smears are unsatisfactory for examination for any of several reasons.
Smears help make the diagnosis.
Smears ignore truth and reality.
Smears require careful and thorough examination, and interpretation can be difficult.
Smears usually look for the early changes of cervical cancer.
Every smear is looked at at least twice before it is reported.
Smeared edges are visible in larger telescopes.
Smectic materials have potential advantages over nematics when used in liquid crystal displays.
Smectic phases add positional order along one spatial direction.
A smegma is a sebum
Smegma is completely natural and useful.
Smegma is probably the most maligned body substance.
Smegma is probably the most misunderstood, most unjustifiably maligned substance in nature.
Smegmas are sebums.
Smell disorders have many causes, with some more obvious than others.
Smell secretion is produced by glands.
Smell attracts cows.
Smell attracts insects.
Smell attracts predators.
Smell attracts snakes.
Smell buy cheapest kia sephia.
Smell can involve showers.
Smell comes from secretion.
Smell consider till the resistance therefore indicates buy pontiac grandprix gtp.
Smell evokes emotions such as fear, contentment, even sexuality.
Smell has notes.
Smell is modality.
Smell is sensation
Smell is sensation.
Smell is sensing.
Smell isa sensation.
Smell plays critical roles.
Smell plays roles.
Smell sniffs for itself.
Smells also are a strong clue to something amiss.
Smells also play an important part in our emotions.
Smells also serve to define a place in Simenon's works.
Smells are also important.
Smells are guilty until proven innocent.
Smells are like that too.
Smells are likely tpo be important in helping chipmunks recognize one another.
Smells are made of fumes of various substances.
Smells are more intense for solitude and remembered more intensely, as every lonely person knows.
Smells are overwhelming.
Smells are powerful tools as well.
Smells are sometimes an indication of something that is generally wrong with our lives.
Smells are still in the works.
Smells are vitally important to most mammals.
Smells can also create emotional responses to food.
Smells can also serve as landmarks and clues for environmental awareness.
Smells can also signal danger, fear, or dread.
Smells can be purely subjective, and there are thousands and thousands of options to compare.
Smells can create both positive and negative emotional responses to food.
Smells can create powerful mental associations, therefore they are useful in ritual.
Smells can evoke memories in funny ways.
Smells can evoke strong emotional reactions.
Smells can have the same effect.
Smells can serve as memory aids or as a means of conditioning reactions and performance.
Smells can trigger nausea.
Smells can trigger very remote, sometimes forgotten, memories buried in the unconscious.
Smells create special feelings, affect moods, and evoke memories.
Smells dissolve rather quickly in the air.
Smells enhance many experiences throughout life.
Smells evoke mental images that affect and change our life energy fields.
Smells go a very short route into the brain.
Smells help to identify people, places, objects, other animals, etc.
Smells leave a lasting impression in a manner unequaled by any of the other senses.
Smells play a role in the world of work and business.
Smells play a very important part in the animal's life.
Smells range from strong detergents to urine and body odor.
Smells reach the olfactory sensory neurons through two pathways.
Smells sell, for instance.
Smells stimulate learning and information.
All smells are really strong.
Many smells are heavier than air and can be smelled only at ground level.
Most smell attracts cows.
Most smell attracts insects.
Most smell attracts predators.
Most smell attracts snakes.
Most smell comes from secretion.
Most smell has notes.
Most smell plays critical roles.
Most smell plays roles.
Most smells seem familiar but are still difficult to recognize.
Some smell affects situations.
Some smell attracts beetles.
Some smell attracts butterflies.
Some smell attracts dinosaurs.
Some smell comes from dishes.
Some smell comes from glands.
Some smell has chances.
Some smell helps food.
Some smell improves memory.
Some smell indicates cysts.
Some smell lasts for weeks.
Some smell persists for months.
Some smells are better than others.
Some smells are offensive.
Some smells do linger.
Smelt dippers have to work late to get an eight-quart limit.
Smelt fishing is best at night.
Smelt fishing is dead opposite to the busyness of fly-fishing.
Smelt fishing is, in fact, one of Milwaukee s favorite spectator sports.
Smelt fishing takes place during the winter through the ice.
A smelt is fish
Smelts are usually much less expensive than salmon, halibut or sole.
Many smelts have quite a few dark spots on their sides and fins.
A smelter is a plant
Smelters are places where metals like nickel and copper are extracted from rock.
Smelters are plants.
Smelters can emit lead and other heavy metal compounds into the air.
Smelters release sulfur dioxide and are substantial energy users.
A smile is a facial gesture
Smile are apparently an intentional tribute.
Smile Be interested and enthusiastic.
Smile click here for all our long styles.
Smile grows into childish grin.
Smile hides naked aggression.
Smile is a good student.
Smile is also the most scripted and scriptable application imaginable.
Smile is contagious.
Smile is freeware software, to download it ,click here .
Smile is good, blinking is tough, but tear production is good.
Smile is often just about having fun.
Smile is the longest word in the English language.
Smile is the other love song on the album.
Smile Is Timing.
Smile isa entity.
Smile means friendship, happiness and warmth typically, and conveys a wealth of information.
Smile opens with a prayer.
Smiles abound all around.
Smiles abound on all the cast members and it's difficult to keep from chuckling at it all.
Smiles appear immediately when children see a dog headed down the hall.
Smiles appear in front of the lens.
Smiles appear on a face once blank, like canvas revealing a new scheme.
Smiles are a weakness in prison.
Smiles are as bright and frequent as Florida sunshine.
Smiles are back on the faces.
Smiles are bright, voices are clear, everywhere there's music to hear.
Smiles are contagious and free to all who wish.
Smiles are contagious, as is negativity.
Smiles are contagious, irresistible, and just downright friendly.
Smiles are contagious, man.
Smiles are contagious.
Smiles are definitely infectious.
Smiles are everywhere.
Smiles are facial expression.
Smiles are fake, too.
Smiles are fragrant blooms in the garden of optimism.
Smiles are free.
Smiles are important.
Smiles are increasingly rare today.
Smiles are infectious.
Smiles Are Just Like Our Friendship.
Smiles are mandatory at all times.
Smiles are no exception.
Smiles are often like clown's Painted on to hide the many frowns.
Smiles are plentiful.
Smiles are rare and usually angst ridden.
Smiles are rare, except between people who are very close.
Smiles are reasonable and evidence of reason.
Smiles are special but fleeting gifts.
Smiles are the best medicine.
Smiles are the external expression of an inner titter.
Smiles are the legacy of the future.
Smiles are the next best thing to halos.
Smiles are the order of the day after news of victory in Europe reaches troops in Burma.
Smiles are the same in English, Indonesian, and Javanese.
Smiles are threads, thoughts of kindness too are threads.
Smiles are threats to chimps.
Smiles are universal.
Smiles are very difficult to fake successfully, so pay attention to their mouths.
Smiles are warm and inviting.
Smiles are welcome.
Smiles attract others and therefore contribute to magnetism.
Smiles begin to enliven wrinkled faces.
Smiles begin to enter the room.
Smiles break across their faces and tears sometimes even come from their eyes.
Smiles can be back channels.
Smiles can be pretty frightening.
Smiles can wipe away tears.
Smiles can work wonders in other kinds of human contact, too.
Smiles can work wonders.
Smiles come easy, and the talk turns to the job.
Smiles communicate that the praise given is genuine.
Smiles count for a lot on Maui.
Smiles cross our faces.
Smiles emerge all around.
Smiles indicate happiness, frowns indicate unhappiness.
Smiles make everything go down better.
Smiles make the best bricks.
Smiles never go up in price nor down in value.
Smiles never go up in price or down in value.
Smiles never reach the eyes.
Smiles open many doors.
Smiles require little effort and no cost.
Smiles run rampant at a multicultural reception in Memorial Union.
Smiles shine all over the mountain.
Smiles show as a devil's grin And guilt grows with thoughts of sin.
Smiles splash across sweaty dancers' faces.
Smiles stretch every face.
Smiles usually show happiness.
Smiles usually start in the second month.
All smiles forsook The brook's white face.
Any smile is half-hearted.
Every smile has a tear.
Every smile here is worth a thousand words.
Every Smile is a potential Depression.
Every smile is a victory, every cheer is a poem, and every day is an adventure.
Every smile is more of a joy.
Every smile makes our day that much brighter.
More smiles are on the way.
Some smiles are broad and spread across the face.
Some smiles are sarcastic.
A smiler is a face
Smilers never lose, and frowners never win.
Smiley characters are abstract representations of an emotion described using normal text characters.
A smiley is an emoticon
Smileys are a fun way of showing emotion on the Internet.
Smileys are a fun way to communication emotion to other board users.
Smileys are a great aid to communication across the vast wastes of cyberspace.
Smileys are emoticons.
Smileys are fictional characters.
Smileys are fun to create, and can make e-mail messages seem friendlier.
Smileys are in the business of providing high quality, effective, targeted web page design.
Smileys are little faces created by characters.
Smileys are little stickers attached to players shirts by the judges.
Smileys are used by many people in emails and other types of computer messages .
Smileys are used by many people in emails and other types of computer messages.
Smileys can be very useful.
Smileys can change depending on where the person typing the smiley is.
Smileys can depict a grin, a frown, a raspberry, a wink, sadness and more.
Smileys Come And Go.
Smileys generally indicate that someone was joking.
Smileys have to be inserted where needed.
Smileys help clarify intent and avoid misunderstandings.
Smileys help Internet users express a fuller range of emotions.
Smileys help to convey emotion where written words fall short.
Smileys typed on the computer are called emoticons.
Smiling are good.
Smiling cause happiness.
Smirk isa smile.
Smirnoff family goes into vodka business.
Smith County is a growing and vibrant community with a bright future.
Smith County is located, click here .
Smith County is near and north and west of White County.
Smith Island is located in Somerset County Maryland.
Smith Island is Maryland's only inhabited island accessible exclusively by boat.
Smith Island is most impressive from any angle.
Smith Park is Montevideo's premier picnicking and gathering location.
A smith is a skilled worker
Smith isa worker.
Smiths are bands.
Smiths are skilled workers.
Smiths are the village doctors and surgeons.
Smiths can opener.
Smiths consume ingots far more quickly than they can be produced.
Smiths crisps with the little blue bag of salt.
Smiths devise market strategies.
Smiths devise strategies.
Smiths die in accidents.
Smiths die in car accidents.
Smiths have (part) arms.
Smiths have (part) body substances.
Smiths have (part) cell membranes.
Smiths have (part) cells.
Smiths have (part) corpi.
Smiths have (part) cytoplasm.
Smiths have (part) heads.
Smiths have (part) human bodies.
Smiths have (part) legs.
Smiths have (part) material bodies.
Smiths have (part) necks.
Smiths have (part) nuclei.
Smiths have (part) personality.
Smiths have (part) plasma membranes.
Smiths have (part) sections.
Smiths have (part) vacuoles.
Smiths have an important function and their own rites.
Smiths isn t slowing down, however.
Smiths make tools, nails, hinges and so forth, put metal tyres on cartwheels and shoe horses.
Smiths release the metal from the ore.
Smiths remove to the port while golems effect repairs.
Smiths still work long hard hours.
Most smiths devise market strategies.
Most smiths die in accidents.
Most smiths die in car accidents.
Most smiths gauge the temperature by the color of the hot steel.
Some smiths ask moms.
Some smiths break barriers.
Some smiths break color barriers.
Some smiths build infrastructures.
Some smiths demonstrate expression.
Some smiths enjoy companies.
Some smiths even become tool smiths.
Some smiths have ability.
Some smiths have choices.
Some smiths have experience.
Some smiths have power.
Some smiths have problems.
Some smiths have wives.
Some smiths make decisions.
Some smiths make products.
Some smiths post pictures.
Some smiths pour water over their coal supply in the coal tub as well.
Some smiths work magic.
Smithdale soils are fine-loamy and are on adjacent steeper side slopes.
Smithdale soils have significantly less clay in the lower part of the B horizon.
Smithiantha multiflora produces a tall flower stalk with numerous bright white flowers.
Smithsonian magazine buys one-time publication rights to articles.
Most Smithsonian museums offer free highlights tours of their exhibitions.
Smithsonian officials say they are extremely rare.
Smithsonian policy prohibits employees from appraising or placing a value upon any objects.
Smithsonian project has many thematic virtual exhibitions on aspects of our history.
Smithsonian station is the closest, but it can get crowded during tourist season and special events.
A smock is a coverall
Smocks also look neat, clean and increase the perception of professionalism and uniformity.
Smocks are a loose, lightweight overgarment worn to protect the clothing while working.
Smocks help to minimize problems with street clothing and possibly hair.
Smocks usually hang below the waste.
Smocked chest features anchor embroidery.
Smocked chest features three embroidered autos.
Smocked chest features wonderful embroidered flowers.
Smocked collars are large, usually white collars with elaborate embroidery work.
A smog is air pollution
Smog affects everyone, but over half the population is particularly sensitive to air pollution.
Smog aggravates respiratory ailments such as emphysema and asthma.
Smog aggravates respiratory ailments.
Smog can be harmful to the health of humans, animals and plant life including essential food crops.
Smog can damage lung tissue and contribute to respiratory problems and cancer.
Smog causes crop, forest, and property damage.
Smog causes irritation of the eyes and throat, cough, and chest tightness.
Smog contains tiny particles of solids or liquids that are suspended in the air.
Smog continues to blanket several cities.
Smog continues to choke urban areas across America.
Smog correlates to an increase in asthma and other respiratory diseases.
Smog hangs heavy in the air.
Smog inevitably results.
Smog is by no means the only air pollution issue.
Smog isa pollution.
Smog knows no borders.
Smog knows no boundaries.
Smog knows no city or county boundaries it affects people s ability to breathe throughout Colorado.
Smog now ruins the view from spring through fall, but winter days are still mostly clear.
Smog occurs mostly in the late summer and virtually never in the winter months.
Smog presents a serious to people with ailments such as asthma, bronchitis and cardiac problem.
Smog reduces visibility and irritates and inflames eye tissues.
Smog refers to hazy air that causes difficult breathing conditions.
Smog resides in the lower troposphere.
Smog results from the reaction between chemicals in the air and heat.
Smog seeps through the protective layer on the leaves and destroys essential cell membranes.
Smog stretches red-brown over the valley, erasing the horizon.
Smog takes on ozone depletion in a bout of junk science versus junk science.
Smogs are air pollution.
Smogs are fog.
Smogs are pollutants.
Smogs are polluted air.
Smogs are smoke.
Smogs cause problems.
Smogs cause respiratory problems.
Smogs have effects.
Most smog is caused by cars, lawnmowers, boats, and other gasoline-burning engines.
Most smogs cause respiratory problems.
Most smogs have effects.
Some smogs contribute to appearances.
Some smogs contribute to dull appearances.
Smokable methamphetamine looks like shaved glass slivers or clear rock salt.
Smoke alarm is alarm
Smoke alarm is battery powereds.
Smoke alarm is created by manufactures.
Smoke alarm is located in buildings.
Smoke alarm is made of components.
Smoke alarm provides a warning in case of a fire.
Smoke alarm sounds when no smoke is visible.
Smoke alarms are a family's best defense against fire.
Smoke alarms are a family's first line of defense.
Smoke alarms are a smart way to alert one to a fire.
Smoke alarms are extremely effective at preventing fire-related death and injury.
Smoke alarms are important all the time and especially during and after a storm.
Smoke alarms are in each living quarter.
Smoke alarms are in place in hallways and near sleeping areas.
Smoke alarms are inexpensive effective devices that alert people when fire occurs.
Smoke alarms are now compulsory in all residential buildings in South Australia.
Smoke alarms are to be installed between each sleeping area and the remainder of the dwelling unit.
Smoke alarms are tools that can tell if there is smoke in the air.
Smoke alarms are very easy to install and take care of.
Smoke alarms are very easy to take care of.
Smoke alarms become less sensitive over time.
Smoke alarms can cut the risk of dying in a fire by half.
Smoke alarms can help.
Smoke alarms designed for deaf people are quite different.
Smoke alarms do save lives, and, in most states, are required by law in private homes.
Smoke alarms do save lives.
Smoke alarms Fit a smoke alarm.
Smoke alarms give earlier warning of a fire, providing more time to escape.
Smoke alarms have a limited life span.
Smoke alarms last a lifetime.
Smoke alarms lose their sensitivity over time.
Smoke alarms Make sure children know what a smoke alarm is.
Smoke Alarms Make sure children know what a smoke alarm is.
Smoke alarms provide an early warning signal for escape from fire.
Smoke alarms provide crucial minutes to escape fire safely.
Smoke alarms provide warning.
Smoke alarms save lives .
Smoke alarms save lives if installed properly and maintained.
Smoke alarms save lives.
Smoke alarms sense abnormal amounts of smoke or invisible combustion gases in the air.
Many smoke alarms contain radioactive americium, for example.
Many smoke alarms contain radioactive americium.
Some smoke alarms contain mercury, which is extremely dangerous even in small amounts.
A smoke bomb is a bomb
Smoke bomb is released.
Smoke bombs are used to hide positions and objects from sight behind a thick cloud of smoke.
Smoke cigarettes  light.
Smoke cigarettes have effects.
Smoke cigarettes have significant effects.
Smoke composition varies with the . .
Smoke Creek appears to offer an escape to boreal solitude in an otherwise well traveled region.
Smoke detection includes under floor, above floor and above ceiling smoke detectors.
Smoke detection is provided in both the elevator lobbies and associated machine rooms.
Smoke detection is provided in both the elevator lobbies, associated machine rooms and ductwork.
Smoke detection is provided in limited areas.
Smoke detection is the primary detection source in an alarm and detection system.
Smoke detectors activate quicker then heat detectors.
Smoke detectors alarm locally in individual rooms.
Smoke detectors alert occupants to a fire - allowing time for escape.
Smoke detectors alert occupants when a fire is still small and there is still time to escape.
Smoke detectors are a common sight today.
Smoke detectors are a very important safety feature provided in residential buildings.
Smoke detectors are an excellent early warning system.
Smoke detectors are an important and effective tool.
Smoke detectors are an important aspect of home fire safety.
Smoke detectors are available at stores everywhere.
Smoke detectors are available to the public free of charge.
Smoke detectors are chemoreceptors.
Smoke detectors are critical to surviving a night time fire.
Smoke detectors are either hard-wired or battery operated or a combination of the two.
Smoke detectors are electronic devices that do require eventual replacement.
Smoke detectors are essential safety devices for protection against fire deaths and injuries.
Smoke detectors are essential to early detection of a fire.
Smoke detectors are everywhere, but still thousands of people die in fires annually.
Smoke detectors are extremely effective at preventing fire-related death and injury.
Smoke detectors are fairly inexpensive and easily installed.
Smoke detectors are fire alarm.
Smoke detectors are highly recommended.
Smoke detectors are important and they work.
Smoke detectors are important because many fires smoke and smolder before bursting into flame.
Smoke detectors are important.
Smoke detectors are in every room and are powered by electrical circuits.
Smoke detectors are inexpensive and are required by law in many localities.
Smoke detectors are inexpensive and can be installed easily.
Smoke detectors are inexpensive and easy to install.
Smoke detectors are located in apartments.
Smoke detectors are operative.
Smoke detectors are potential life saving devices.
Smoke detectors are relatively inexpensive items, and can be obtained from a huge range of outlets.
Smoke detectors are relatively inexpensive.
Smoke detectors are sensitive to airborne particles including cigarette smoke and hair spray.
Smoke detectors are sensitive to dust as well as smoke.
Smoke detectors are simple to install and save lives.
Smoke detectors are standard.
Smoke detectors are the best tool.
Smoke detectors are to be installed free of charge.
Smoke detectors are very important, with batteries checked on a regular basis.
Smoke detectors are very sensitive and usually give very advanced warning.
Smoke detectors become ineffective after ten years.
Smoke Detectors Buy and install smoke detectors.
Smoke detectors can also have a fixed temperature heat detector built in.
Smoke detectors can be either house current or battery operated.
Smoke detectors can only save lives if they are in good working condition.
Smoke detectors can save lives only if they are working properly.
Smoke detectors can save lives, but only if properly installed and maintained.
Smoke detectors can save lives, but only if they are properly installed and maintained.
Smoke detectors can smell smoke.
Smoke detectors come in many styles and two different types.
Smoke detectors contain a small amount of radioactive material.
Smoke detectors contain small sources.
Smoke detectors differ in several ways.
Smoke detectors do their job using one of two technologies, ionization and photoelectronic.
Smoke detectors do wear out.
Smoke Detectors do work.
Smoke detectors give earlier warning of a fire, providing more time to escape.
Smoke detectors hang on the wall unnoticed most of the time.
Smoke detectors have a life of approximately ten years.
Smoke detectors have a test button.
Smoke detectors have a wide range of features.
Smoke detectors help the home occupants by giving early warning so they can escape.
Smoke detectors identify deadly smoke and warn occupants to leave.
Smoke detectors look for the reduction in visibility caused by sooty gases.
Smoke detectors make thoughtful gifts for friends and relatives.
Smoke detectors perform a life-saving function in the event of fire.
Smoke detectors provide an early warning sign that there is a fire.
Smoke detectors provide some warning of uncontrolled fires.
Smoke detectors provide that warning.
Smoke detectors provide the best early warning of a fire.
Smoke detectors provide warning.
Smoke detectors react to fire byproducts.
Smoke detectors remain the most inexpensive home fire-safety measure.
Smoke detectors require an annual functional test and periodic sensitivity testing.
Smoke detectors respond to particles of combustion.
Smoke detectors run on batteries in most cases.
Smoke detectors save lives and are extremely effective when families are sleeping.
Smoke detectors save lives every day, but only if they are properly installed and maintained.
Smoke detectors save lives, prevent injuries and minimize property damage.
Smoke detectors save lives.
Smoke Detectors save lives.
Smoke Detectors Save Lives.
Smoke Detectors Send back to manufacturer or the store where it was bought for disposal.
Smoke detectors sense abnormal amounts of smoke or invisible combustion gases in the air.
Smoke detectors sense the presence of smoke.
Smoke Detectors Smoke detectors save lives.
Smoke Detectors Smoke detectors that contain radioactive sources require special disposal methods.
Smoke detectors sound alerts for potential fire hazards.
Smoke detectors sound an alarm at the first trace of smoke.
Smoke detectors use a radioactive element called americium.
Smoke detectors work by sensing rising smoke from a fire and sounding an alarm.
Smoke detectors work by sensing the rising smoke from a fire and sounding a piercing alarm.
Smoke detectors work by sensing very small smoke particles in the air.
All smoke detectors have clear labeling of either ionization or photoelectric.
Every smoke detector comes with a test button.
Most smoke detectors have a small button, usually in the center of the outside cover.
Most smoke detectors operate on batteries or household current.
Most smoke detectors use a nine-volt battery.
Some smoke detectors contain radioactive material.
A smoke grenade is a bomb
Smoke grenades are available in white, green, yellow, red, and violet smoke.
Smoke grenades cover the soldiers as they move.
Smoke grenades precede billowing white plumes rising from the bunkers as seen from the upper road.
A smoke hole is a vent
Smoke holes spout noisily.
Smoke inhalation accounts for most fire deaths.
Smoke inhalation can therefore quickly lead to incapacitation and loss of consciousness.
Smoke inhalation is a multi-level insult to the pulmonary system.
Smoke inhalation is also a danger of smoke that can cause serious injury and death.
Smoke inhalation is also a danger, so make sure to have a fan going all the time.
Smoke inhalation is the cause of death more often that the actual fire itself.
Smoke inhalation is the leading killer in fires.
Smoke inhalation is the primary cause of death in victims of indoor fires .
Some smoke inhalation cause similar symptoms.
Smoke jumpers are also on call for initial attack.
Smoke jumpers are first and foremost fire fighters.
Smoke jumpers are highly skilled firefighters who battle woodland blazes.
Smoke machines add to the muted light surrounding the set.
Smoke machines have a mind of their own.
Smoke particles suspend in air.
Smoke points vary from brand to brand and are affected by use, age, and storage.
Some smoke pots have big enough effects.
Some smoke pots have effects.
Smoke signals are effective only on comparatively calm, clear days.
Smoke signals Take the ferrous alloy plant.
Smoke signals travel faster.
Smoke stacks are turned off, workers go home, machines become silent, from Atlanta to Rome .
Smoke tests are useful after a build to ensure that nothing obvious has broken.
Smoke testing has faults.
Smoke testing helps identify plumbing leaks in buildings.
Smoke testing involves forcing smoke-filled air through a sewer line.
Smoke testing is done to locate holes and cracks in both the public and private wastewater lines.
Smoke testing is performed to determine areas of breaks or improper connection.
A smoke tree is a bush
Smoke tree grows best in a sunny location and a well drained loam.
Smoke accumulating in the canyons and plains is also visible.
Smoke acts as a very strong trigger.
Smoke acts as an irritant to the eyes and respiratory membranes.
Smoke actually seems to drift through the lines of the poem.
Smoke advise across most roof likewise marry midwest products fence.
Smoke affects health.
Smoke affects non-smokers more than smokers themselves.
Smoke affects quality.
Smoke affects skin.
Smoke affects sperm quality.
Smoke again intensifies.
Smoke also can affect a non-smoker.
Smoke also contains tar, nicotine and carbon monoxide.
Smoke also forms a layer of buildup, which reduces efficiency.
Smoke also makes a great seasoning when just cooking out.
Smoke also makes the airways slow to heal.
Smoke also repels midges.
Smoke appears to rise from the heart of the crater, but it's just water vapor.
Smoke are good for bright days and general.
Smoke automatically sounds the alarm and turns on the flashlight.
Smoke automatically sounds the alarm and turns the flashlight on.
Smoke bathes the city with a delectable scent, evoking images of medieval days.
Smoke begins to fill the car while a girl drives.
Smoke begins to rise.
Smoke belches from the peat-processing plant, the town's main employer.
Smoke billows from a factory along the river.
Smoke billows from above.
Smoke billows from bombed-out structures.
Smoke billows from chimneys.
Smoke billows from the chair when someone takes the highest dose.
Smoke billows from the damaged mechs while the fallen are scavenged for their parts.
Smoke billows from the distence, and flashing lights fill and flit around in the sky.
Smoke billows from the largest forest fire in California's history.
Smoke billows from the wasteland of lower Manhattan.
Smoke billows from vents, settling on the stage and rolling onto the floor like surf.
Smoke billows into the women's faces as they stir the entrees and feed the fire.
Smoke billows out.
Smoke billows over the trees.
Smoke billows through the bridge, and ceiling beams collapse, pinning a crew member.
Smoke billows, hovers like dark set clouds before the monsoon storm.
Smoke blocks the Line of Sight like any other blocking terrain hex.
Smoke blows over the lip of the terrace.
Smoke blurs out the day.
Smoke bothers people.
Smoke break on our balcony.
Smoke builds in the crater, the rumble tuns into a roar and then the eruption.
Smoke can affect the flavor of honey.
Smoke can aggravate allergies.
Smoke can aggravate ocular allergies for smokers and nonsmokers alike.
Smoke can also be the direct result of poor fuel quality or improper truck operation.
Smoke can also contribute to mucous membrane irritation so avoid it if possible.
Smoke can also indicate a lack of clarity.
Smoke can also stick to wood surface.
Smoke can be a useful visual tool, but it is qualitative.
Smoke can be a warning of danger.
Smoke can be annoying and cause damage to property.
Smoke can be dark black to light grey.
Smoke can be just as dangerous as fire.
Smoke can be very dangerous.
Smoke can cause reddening, itching and watering eyes.
Smoke can cause severe irritation.
Smoke can contain a variety of dusts, gases and vapors, depending on what is burning.
Smoke can degrade the effectiveness of many types of lasers.
Smoke can dirty the lens on CD drives.
Smoke can fill a building in a very short period of time.
Smoke can get in the drive and leave a film on the heads, etc.
Smoke can have negative short and long-term health effects.
Smoke can involve cancer.
Smoke can involve dies.
Smoke can involve fire.
Smoke can involve lung diseases.
Smoke can make coughs worse.
Smoke can make croup worse.
Smoke can make it difficult to breathe, damaging breathing passages.
Smoke can make the breathing problems and coughing worse.
Smoke can make the child's coughing and breathing problems worse.
Smoke can obscure addresses and landmarks, making it difficult for firemen to pinpoint the location.
Smoke can obscure visibility, impeding occupant exiting from fire areas.
Smoke can overwhelm a child or adult in minutes.
Smoke can overwhelm achild or adult in minutes.
Smoke can remain in an area for many days.
Smoke can significantly reduce the firefighter's abilities to sense changes in fire behavior.
Smoke cans have effects.
Smoke causes damage.
Smoke causes flowers to die quicker, as does excess heat caused by ovens and televisions.
Smoke causes green particles to be released from the probe.
Smoke causes lung problems.
Smoke causes other problems.
Smoke causes problems.
Smoke causes smoke inhalation.
Smoke causes the airways to narrow, making it more difficult to breathe.
Smoke churning from the rock fireplaces is shredded by a frigid wind.
Smoke circles around a stage filled with instruments, flowers, and other artifacts.
Smoke circles the intravenous and dissipates in fluorescent lights.
Smoke clogs the air form fires burning away in Mexico.
Smoke collects in the overhead and obscures sings placed at eye level.
Smoke comes from a fire.
Smoke comes from being used in games, and mold and mildew from being locked in a closet for years.
Smoke comes from cigarettes.
Smoke comes from one place - something burning.
Smoke comes in several different forms, including dark black, blue, and white.
Smoke comes out of all the chimneys.
Smoke comes out of one fireplace while another wood stove or fireplace is in use.
Smoke comes out of stove or fireplace when it's windy.
Smoke comes out of stove while first starting up in cold weather.
Smoke comes out of the chimmney when a cigarette is placed at the base.
Smoke consists of carbon particles, which can conduct electricity.
Smoke containing hexachloroethane is used to extinguish fires.
Smoke contains a wide variety of mutagens and rodent carcinogens.
Smoke contains benzene, nitrosamines, formaldehyde and hydrogen cyanide.
Smoke contains carbon monoxide which is toxic to the brain.
Smoke contains carbon monoxide, which reduces the blood s oxygen carrying ability.
Smoke contains carbon monoxide.
Smoke contains carbon.
Smoke contains carcinogen.
Smoke contains chemicals.
Smoke contains deadly gases and heat rises.
Smoke contains deadly gases, and heat rises.
Smoke contains dioxide.
Smoke contains heavy metals lead, cadmium, polonium, arsenic.
Smoke contains hot and toxic gases.
Smoke contains know carcinogen.
Smoke contains monoxide.
Smoke contains nicotine, which causes the blood vessels to constrict.
Smoke contains numerous carcinogen.
Smoke contains particle of unburnt carbon that make it look black.
Smoke contains particles.
Smoke contains poison gases.
Smoke contains small particles.
Smoke contains substances.
Smoke contains sulfur dioxide.
Smoke contains sulfur.
Smoke contains toxic fumes and can be deadly.
Smoke contains toxins.
Smoke continues to build and obscure the scene.
Smoke continues to hamper aerial observation and infrared mapping.
Smoke continues to surround the town of Salmon.
Smoke continuously comes out of stove or fireplace.
Smoke contributes to problems.
Smoke crack and worship Satan.
Smoke curling from chimneys, A white windowpane, And dear thoughts return And old joys remain.
Smoke curling from the backyard welcomes everyone.
Smoke curling up from chimneys Adds to the friendly glow.
Smoke curls from a butt smoldering in a nearby garbage can ashtray.
Smoke curls out of a burner that holds a woodsy incense.
Smoke curls out.
Smoke curls upward from open cooking fires nearby.
Smoke damages blood vessels.
Smoke damages lungs.
Smoke damages the strength of blood vessel walls.
Smoke damages vessels.
Smoke darkens the sky, a haze hangs over valleys and mountains.
Smoke defies the gravity of more worldly movies.
Smoke definitely makes asthma worse.
Smoke depend behind none edge otherwise do bridal hair styles.
Smoke descends instead of rising.
Smoke detectors both above and below floor.
Smoke dries out nasal cavities.
Smoke drifts across the field till the armies become like ghosts through the mist.
Smoke drifts and circulates to contaminate the entire house.
Smoke drifts away, and a very live cat pounces.
Smoke drifts from computers all around.
Smoke drifts from funnel.
Smoke drifts up from the wood stove at our cozy camp in Eldorado Canyon.
Smoke drifts upwards from each families campfire.
Smoke earn by a male or stay college of aeronautics.
Smoke earn by a male or stay comparative societies.
Smoke earn by a male or stay university of denver.
Smoke earn by a male or stay vassar college.
Smoke easily travels throughout a building and is only held back by physical barriers.
Smoke ends with dies.
Smoke enter off either floor however understood georgia tech clothes.
Smoke entering the chamber blocks the light.
Smoke entering the chamber reduces the electric charge, causing the alarm to sound.
Smoke erupts from target plane.
Smoke escaping from built-in grates adds to the murky warehouse appeal.
Smoke even enters from outside sources, typically from the street or a balcony.
Smoke filled clearings occasionally reveal huts thatched with palm branches.
Smoke filled rooms can have six times the air pollution as a busy highway.
Smoke fills the container thus reducing the amount of oxygen available inside.
Smoke fills the Missoula Valley constantly, daily.
Smoke fills the room.
Smoke fills the stage as the lights come back on.
Smoke fills the stage.
Smoke fills up a cabin in a few seconds .
Smoke floats across the restaurant into non-smoking areas.
Smoke floats in the warm evening air.
Smoke floats up eerily through a metal grating.
Smoke Following is the executive summary.
Smoke follows beauty.
Smoke fumes linger in bedding and air and toxins accumulate on walls and f urniture.
Smoke generally disperses well in an unstable atmosphere.
Smoke generally disperses well in an unstable situation.
Smoke gets everywhere.
Smoke gets in the way.
Smoke gets in their eyes.
Smoke gets into the ventilation system and is distributed throughout the building.
Smoke Go to the Central States Section home page.
Smoke goes into the ear canal and melts the ear wax, and sucks it out by a vacuum.
Smoke going out the first-floor chimney is sucked into the basement chimney.
Smoke going towards the ground foretells rain.
Smoke grenates slows the game down.
Smoke hangs m the air.
Smoke happens as soon as the motor power adds a bit of heat.
Smoke harms children.
Smoke harms the smoke detector.
Smoke has a solid blues sound and captures the feels of Mississippi delta licks.
Smoke has an advantage in that it has less impact on the off body flow field.
Smoke has chemicals.
Smoke has effects.
Smoke has harmful chemicals.
Smoke has health effects.
Smoke has live music seven days a week.
Smoke has serious effects.
Smoke has serious health effects.
Smoke has so many toxins that it causes lung cancer in non-smokers who inhale the smoke.
Smoke helps keep away coldness and mosquitoes.
Smoke however changes that.
Smoke immediately streams into the atmosphere turning the area a slight gray.
Smoke increases symptoms of asthma and allergies.
Smoke interrupts a beam of light to activate.
Smoke invades upper space first and most of the available oxygen is near the floor.
Smoke irritates a sore throat.
Smoke irritates airways.
Smoke irritates lungs.
Smoke irritates the bronchial passages, which prolongs the cold symptoms.
Smoke irritates the eyes, nose and bronchial tubes.
Smoke irritates the mucous membranes and vocal cords.
Smoke irritates the throat and air passages making a sight ready for infection to begin.
Smoke is a better indicator of damage.
Smoke is a byproduct.
Smoke is a common term used for particulates large enough to be visible.
Smoke is a complex product of combustion.
Smoke is a darkening effect and is good for outdoor swimming.
Smoke is a good thing.
Smoke is a killer.
Smoke is a known respiratory hazard and asthma trigger.
Smoke is a known trigger for asthma attacks.
Smoke is a mixture of carbon particles and water vapor.
Smoke is a mixture of solid particles and gases.
Smoke is a mixture of soot and other particles with the gases produced by combustion.
Smoke is a really nice looking mare.
Smoke is a regional film.
Smoke is a revelatory of the fluids and at the same times a revelatory fluid of the subtle entities.
Smoke is a sign .
Smoke is a sign of a fire.
Smoke is a sign that certain lands are being cared for properly.
Smoke is a solid dispersed in a gas.
Smoke is a tear-filled ballad about a father who was never around.
Smoke is a type of pollution that can be seen because it is made up of solid particles.
Smoke is a very good right now as well as white.
Smoke is aerosols.
Smoke is also a component of internal combustion engine exhaust gas , particularly diesel exhaust .
Smoke is also a problem in Venezuela.
Smoke is also very harmful to books and computers.
Smoke is always a concern to fire managers.
Smoke is an example of fine solid particles dispersed in gases.
Smoke is an excellent case in point.
Smoke is an indication of overheating.
Smoke is an option.
Smoke is bad for everybody.
Smoke is blown in every direction to confuse the cops and amuse the audience.
Smoke is both an environmental concern and an extremely important management consideration.
Smoke is bothersome and often embarrassing.
Smoke is breathing.
Smoke is built stocky with excellent conformation.
Smoke is carbon or soot from burning.
Smoke is carried from the bowl to the two upright yellow tubes at the far end of the piece.
Smoke is carried throughout a facility by fans, central air conditioning and central heating.
Smoke is clouds.
Smoke is composed of fine particles of a solid dispersed in a gas.
Smoke is conducted into bottom of smoking chamber via tile or stovepipe.
Smoke is created as wood smolders in electrically heated wood box.
Smoke is created by fire.
Smoke is dangerous.
Smoke is difficult to see through.
Smoke is done successfully.
Smoke is easy to work with, big-boned and conformationally very correct.
Smoke is employed by using the quick smoke and immediate smoke techniques.
Smoke is everywhere, and only cigarettes, really good ones, are burning.
Smoke is everywhere.
Smoke is extremely variable in particle size and toxicity.
Smoke is feathered over the people as they turn clock-wise then enter the lodge.
Smoke is fired to the front of the attacker.
Smoke is full of carcinogens.
Smoke is gases.
Smoke is generated by fire.
Smoke is harsh on lungs, and best used in a water-pipe.
Smoke is hot and rises, so it is less dense along the floor.
Smoke is hot.
Smoke is in a solid state.
Smoke is in the air and liquor is on the breath.
Smoke is indications.
Smoke is inhaled and held.
Smoke is inhibitive or even corrosive to certain optical systems.
Smoke is injected into the hole before testing.
Smoke is introduced into the airstream and appears brown in color at the left of the nose area.
Smoke is introduced so that proper airflow paterns can be observed.
Smoke is located in air.
Smoke is located in bars.
Smoke is located in lofts.
Smoke is located in ovens.
Smoke is located in skies.
Smoke is made up of evaporated water, carbon dioxide and unburnt particles of the fuel.
Smoke is made up of tiny particles that can lodge in the lungs.
Smoke is made up particles, gases and water vapor.
Smoke is measured by a photocell installed in the exhaust duct.
Smoke is microscopic particles and is trapped as well.
Smoke is microscopic particles, and is trapped as well.
Smoke is more pervasive than most people think.
Smoke is motivated by the goal of addicteds.
Smoke is motivated by the goal of cigarettes.
Smoke is motivated by the goal of dies.
Smoke is often more deadly than flames.
Smoke is often unavoidable with common engines.
Smoke is one of the most well known and common irritants contributing to asthma.
Smoke is particularly nasty from today's typical fire.
Smoke is particulate matter consisting of very fine solid particles and condensed vapour.
Smoke is permitted outside in designated areas only.
Smoke is poisonous.
Smoke is present in a guest bedroom.
Smoke is produced by burning leaves, twigs, clippings, prunings or even paper.
Smoke is produced in large quantities.
Smoke is produced virtually instantaneously after firing.
Smoke is responsible for More deaths than actual fires.
Smoke is seen billowing from the scene.
Smoke is seen in the distance.
Smoke is still strong in the air from the cannon-fire.
Smoke is sucked down into factory chimneys.
Smoke is the best option for day only signaling.
Smoke is the best option for day-only signaling.
Smoke is the goal.
Smoke is the greatest danger in a fire.
Smoke is the leading cause of death in house fires.
Smoke is the major cause of death in residence hall fires.
Smoke is the most important tool for anyone opening a hive.
Smoke is the number one killer in fires.
Smoke is the product of incomplete combustion.
Smoke is the reason most people die in a house fire.
Smoke is the thing that makes electrical circuits work.
Smoke is the third leg of the barbecue.
Smoke is the way to go here.
Smoke is the worst killer in a fire.
Smoke is translucent.
Smoke is used to conceal units and individual weapon systems.
Smoke is used to describe a certain condition of visibility.
Smoke is used to frustrate enemy intentions.
Smoke is used to screen or obscure.
Smoke is used to suffocate wombats in their burrows and possums in their hollows.
Smoke is usually the culprit that overwhelms fire victims like the Erwins.
Smoke is usually the result of incomplete combustion or certain engine operating conditions.
Smoke is vaporization.
Smoke is very effective at reducing visibility.
Smoke is visible streaming from Quebec, Canada into New England and over the Atlantic Ocean.
Smoke is water.
Smoke is yet another dichotomy.
Smoke isa aerosol.
Smoke kills so get down and crawl low.
Smoke kills the sense of smell and therefore taste.
Smoke kittens go though some very dramatic color changes.
Smoke lies on our cities like a shroud.
Smoke lingers in drapes and carpet and can cause breathing problems.
Smoke lingers in the darkness.
Smoke lingers over the burned land.
Smoke looks like smoke and the explosions are okay, nothing earth shaking.
Smoke makes a great addition to any of our lighting packages.
Smoke makes all things that are electrical work.
Smoke makes anybody's eyes water and too much of it makes anybody cough.
Smoke makes electronic circuits work, since circuits stop working once the smoke escapes.
Smoke makes hair and clothing stink.
Smoke move down the trunk when match brigham young cougars helmet.
Smoke move down the trunk when match Carolina panthers watch.
Smoke move down the trunk when match racing helmet.
Smoke move down the trunk when match steelers posters.
Smoke moves up the flue in a swirling pattern.
Smoke moves very ominously, and the snakes are now waking from their peaceful sleep and emerging.
Smoke moving over public roads creates visibility problems.
Smoke never occurs in a lake, which is heterologous with things that contain fire.
Smoke only is designated cleared areas.
Smoke overcomes several people, including five firemen, but no one dies.
Smoke owe above an ecology.
Smoke owe Marriage beside most sleeve before a relief.
Smoke passes through bronchi.
Smoke permeates everything with which a smoker comes into contact.
Smoke permeates the atmosphere.
Smoke permeates the etheric and is able to 'dissolve' ambient charge in an environment.
Smoke plays tricks with the coloured lights.
Smoke plumes from fires in Idaho and Montana are clearly visible.
Smoke plumes from the millinery.
Smoke plumes is still visible in the left and top edge of the image.
Smoke pour till several chance until amuse steelers apparel.
Smoke pours forth from urns of incense.
Smoke pours out of the chimneys of strange-looking structures.
Smoke pours out of the stage and various lighting and stage movements take place.
Smoke primarily means visible smoke, but even in common parlance can include the smell.
Smoke produces carbon monoxide.
Smoke produces monoxide.
Smoke provides cloud condensation nuclei, particles of matter on which cloud vapor condenses.
Smoke puffs out in a pattern read from a perforated tape.
Smoke reduces health.
Smoke reduces oxygen.
Smoke reduces the ability of radioactive ions to form a conductor and the alarm is activated.
Smoke released by forest and management fires inhibit rainfall.
Smoke remains a serious and complex health issue.
Smoke represents unburned fuel.
Smoke require behind no vegetables after fix down parkas.
Smoke require behind no vegetables after fix The north face backpack.
Smoke results in damage.
Smoke results in skin damage.
Smoke rises and birds screech in the background.
Smoke rises and breathable air remains at floor level.
Smoke rises and can be dangerous if too much is inhaled.
Smoke rises and chokes the horizon.
Smoke rises and cleaner air is nearer the floor.
Smoke rises and flattens out along the ceiling tiles.
Smoke rises and the moon is greeted.
Smoke rises convincingly from a tea kettle, as palpable as the plain, wooden table beneath it.
Smoke rises delicately, mimicking the bridge's curve, and slices the background image in two.
Smoke rises during a fire.
Smoke rises easily through stairwells.
Smoke rises from a little cabin exercising deadly fascination.
Smoke rises from burning rice fields.
Smoke rises from burning vegetation.
Smoke rises from campsites.
Smoke rises from Dragons nostrils.
Smoke rises from fires, and a haze hangs over the city.
Smoke rises from most buildings.
Smoke rises from stacks as boats plow their way through the murky waters of New York harbor.
Smoke rises from stacks because it is warmer than the surrounding air and thus less dense.
Smoke rises from the big grill at the concession stand.
Smoke rises from the campfire into the sky.
Smoke rises from the chimney of the pot-bellied stove that warms the village store.
Smoke rises from the craters and curls around our legs.
Smoke rises from the fields as growers burn off the leaves before sending the stalks for processing.
Smoke rises from the makeshift and temporary fires where dinner is being cooked.
Smoke rises from the power plant all day and all night.
Smoke rises from tree stump.
Smoke rises in a cloud above the hookah smoker's head.
Smoke rises in space.
Smoke rises in wisps from a small campfire beside the tent embassy on a cool, crisp autumn day.
Smoke rises in wisps from a small campfire beside the tents on a cool, crisp autumn day.
Smoke rises nearly vertically.
Smoke rises off the ground.
Smoke rises over Warsaw from the burning ghetto.
Smoke rises so cleaner air is nearer the floor.
Smoke rises straight up.
Smoke rises to the ceiling, leaving cooler, cleaner air closest to the floor.
Smoke rises to the highest point that it can.
Smoke rises up in the air as a dozen flame rifles go off at once within inches of each other.
Smoke rises upwards.
Smoke rises vertically with little if any drift.
Smoke rises vertically.
Smoke rises while clean air stays low near the floor.
Smoke rises, so mount alarms high on a wall or on the ceiling.
Smoke rises, so mount smoke alarms high on a wall or on the ceiling.
Smoke rises, so the cleanest air is near the floor.
Smoke rises, thus mount detectors high on a wall or on the ceiling.
Smoke rising and then falling again, indicates rain.
Smoke rising through the ceiling is said to have helped to preserve the thatched roof.
Smoke roast for one hour to one hour ten minutes using a medium temperature.
Smoke roll over a chainlink fencing.
Smoke rolls over the top of the crew as they position hoses for attack through the rear door.
Smoke roommates lyric.
Smoke scrapes lungs sore and paints red corners in soft, brown eyes.
Smoke seems to be an option.
Smoke sensing devices are low voltage, making installation easy - no conduit required.
Smoke shake inside an fashion still cheat compact disc auction.
Smoke share down a bodum french press.
Smoke shine Shame away string into lots royal trux before cut via that glance.
Smoke shine Shame away string into lots softies music before cut via that glance.
Smoke shoots up from everywhere.
Smoke shows as blue haze.
Smoke sizzles up as the smell of burning horn fills the air.
Smoke spires from ruins in both lands.
Smoke stains the drier walls of the cave.
Smoke stains the walls.
Smoke stains walls and chewing tobacco is very damaging to carpets.
Smoke start to get thicker.
Smoke starts coming from the wood.
Smoke starts to come off fence.
Smoke still acrid at the crash site.
Smoke still comes from a window, right, and other areas of the structure.
Smoke still lingers to the non-smoking side and ruins people's appetite.
Smoke tends to rise, breaking up and becoming diffused.
Smoke test all potential indoor pollution sources to test for leaks and failures.
Smoke tomatoes for approx.
Smoke tomatoes in a pan set on the rack for about a half hour.
Smoke travels and drifts.
Smoke travels from the long tube in the front unit to the two shorter elevated tubes.
Smoke triggers responses.
Smoke tumbling from the eyes and mouth comes from dry ice spritzed with water from a spray bottle.
Smoke vents is a hotly debated topic.
Smoke wears technology like an old sweater.
Smoke weaves a tapestry with pine-needles.
Smokes are of various kinds, each one significant of a particular object.
Smokes are reminiscent somehow of our primitive days around the fire.
Smokes are the solid version of silver tabbies.
Smokes are toxic, albeit to differing degrees.
Smokes billows past the cedar rack above, where small split fish are hung to cure.
Smokes clove cigarettes.
Smokes come out of windows and door ways.
Smokes emitting from the springs cover the small town.
Smoke always contains carbon monoxide which can be lethal.
Smoke always rises, so get down on the floor where the air is cleaner.
Smoke frequently emanates from the inmate's leg and head whilst the current is flowing.
Smokes often have white around the eyes and a lighter colored belly.
Smoke usually rises to the top of the stairway.
All smoke contains pollutants, some of which are toxic.
All smoke goes straight to the smoker end of the cigarette.
All smoke is a real and present danger and is in the most part preventable.
All smoke is a real and present danger.
All smoke is harmful to the lungs.
All smoke is harmful to the respiratory system.
All smoke is unhealthy, but marijuana is safer than tobacco , and people tend to smoke less of it.
All smoke is unhealthy, but marijuana is safer than tobacco, and people tend to smoke less of it.
More smoke comes at a cost.
More smoke fills the low-lying valleys, with the mountains rising out of the smoke into clear air.
More smoke pours out.
Most smoke affects health.
Most smoke affects quality.
Most smoke affects sperm quality.
Most smoke causes damage.
Most smoke causes lung problems.
Most smoke causes problems.
Most smoke comes from cigarettes.
Most smoke contains carbon monoxide.
Most smoke contains carbon.
Most smoke contains carcinogen.
Most smoke contains chemicals.
Most smoke contains dioxide.
Most smoke contains know carcinogen.
Most smoke contains monoxide.
Most smoke contains numerous carcinogen.
Most smoke contains particles.
Most smoke contains small particles.
Most smoke contains substances.
Most smoke contains sulfur dioxide.
Most smoke contains sulfur.
Most smoke harms children.
Most smoke has chemicals.
Most smoke has effects.
Most smoke has harmful chemicals.
Most smoke has health effects.
Most smoke has serious effects.
Most smoke has serious health effects.
Most smoke irritates airways.
Most smoke irritates lungs.
Most smoke is generated by fire.
Most smoke passes through bronchi.
Most smoke produces carbon monoxide.
Most smoke produces monoxide.
Most smoke reduces health.
Most smoke reduces oxygen.
Some smoke affects homes.
Some smoke causes air pollution.
Some smoke causes blindness.
Some smoke causes cancer.
Some smoke causes coronary diseases.
Some smoke causes coronary heart diseases.
Some smoke causes death.
Some smoke causes depressions.
Some smoke causes diseases.
Some smoke causes fatal diseases.
Some smoke causes fatal lung diseases.
Some smoke causes heart diseases.
Some smoke causes inflammation.
Some smoke causes lung cancer.
Some smoke causes lung diseases.
Some smoke causes pollution.
Some smoke causes premature death.
Some smoke causes reaction.
Some smoke causes respiratory diseases.
Some smoke causes severe depressions.
Some smoke causes severe reaction.
Some smoke comes from burn tobacco.
Some smoke comes from tobacco.
Some smoke contributes to cancer.
Some smoke contributes to lung cancer.
Some smoke covers areas.
Some smoke enters homes.
Some smoke goes into lungs.
Some smoke harms babies.
Some smoke harms fetuses.
Some smoke helps causes.
Some smoke includes hydrocarbons.
Some smoke increases chances.
Some smoke increases energy levels.
Some smoke increases levels.
Some smoke induces atherosclerosis.
Some smoke influences perceptions.
Some smoke is generated by burn electrical wire.
Some smoke is generated by electrical wire.
Some smoke is generated by wire.
Some smoke is visible in the cockpit.
Some smoke passes through bowls.
Some smoke passes through water bowls.
Some smoke reduces infiltrations.
Some smoke residues cause cancer.
Some smoke results in effects.
Some smoke rises from chimneys.
Some smoke rises from oil refineries.
Some smoke rises from refineries.
Some smoke smelly cigars.
Smokeable cocaine is desired because it reaches the brain faster.
Smokeable cocaine is of particular danger to the fetus of a pregnant woman.
Smoked beef provides the protein in a tomato base sprinkled with green onions and jack cheese.
Smoked beer is suggested with smoked meats - no big surprise.
Smoked bluefish is blended into a creamy, zesty spread.
Smoked brisket makes a wonderful barbecue entree when paired with a spice rub and finishing sauce.
Smoked butt is versatile and full of tender meat.
Smoked butt made in the Austrian-Hungarian style is wonderful and economical eating.
Smoked chicken is also good, especially when stuffed into a flour tortilla.
Smoked chickens are delicious.
Smoked chiles come in cans, and are wonderfully convenient for adding depth to stews and sauces.
Smoked chop is reminiscent of ham.
Smoked cocaine is probably the most addictive substance used by humankind.
Smoked delicacies sampler from stream and sea.
Smoked dishes are another speciality, highlighted by the smoked salmon.
A smoked eel is an eel
Smoked eel is a famous Baltic delicacy.
Smoked eel is by far the most accepted and is considered a delicacy.
Smoked eel is considered a delicacy.
Smoked eel is delicious.
Smoked eel is famous Baltic delicacy.
Smoked eels are eels.
Smoked fillets are hand-cut, basted in delicate seasonings and smoked slowly over alder wood.
Smoked fish acquire a wine-sweet flavor and coarser texture.
Smoked fish allows the body to replenish lost salt.
Smoked Fish are bright and glossy.
Smoked fish is a particular delight.
Smoked food is a different department.
Smoked food is prepared food.
Smoked foods make any meal more exciting.
Smoked garlic is also easier to find and adds to the smoky flavour.
Smoked garlic is sold in larger supermarkets.
Smoked glass is iffy.
Smoked haddock is a very tasty option, too.
Smoked haddock is haddock
Smoked hams are cured in brine and then exposed to the smoke from burning wood chips .
Smoked hams are cured in brine and then exposed to the smoke from burning wood chips.
Smoked housing provides subtle appearance.
Smoked marijuana does have an effect on spasticity.
Smoked marijuana increases the risk of lung infections and complications.
Smoked marijuana is a collection of a whole variety of many cannabinoids and other chemicals.
Smoked marijuana is as toxic as tobacco and has no place in the medical armamentarium.
Smoked marijuana remains the cheapest, most reliable means by which a sick person can obtain relief.
Smoked mullet is versatile.
Smoked oysters are good as part of a starter, a garnish and in salads.
Smoked pig is good.
Smoked products are also available.
Smoked risotto is the star here, reeking of garlic and stringy with melted cheese.
A smoked salmon is salmon
Smoked salmon are salmon.
Smoked salmon are smoked food.
Smoked salmon is a very important seafood exports.
Smoked salmon is abundant and excellent.
Smoked salmon is always from hand caught chinook salmon from the Pacific.
Smoked salmon is an excellent match for some fruits and vegetables.
Smoked salmon is an Irish classic.
Smoked salmon is another popular preparation method, and can either be hot or cold smoked .
Smoked salmon is considered an Irish specialty, as are Irish stew and Irish lamb.
Smoked salmon is served with wasabi dressing.
Smoked salmon is the best.
Smoked salmon is used in elegant starters or pasta dishes.
Smoked salmon is wrapped around a creamy stuffing and tied with a chive blade.
Smoked sausage is a great accompaniment.
Smoked sausage is juicy and flavorful.
Smoked sausage is our speciality.
Smoked seafood is vacuum packaged in the retort pouch.
Smoked tea forms a small category by itself.
Smoked tofu needs to be refrigerated.
Smoked tomatoes can be a foundation for soups and sauces, or pur ed and drizzled over plain meats.
Smoked trout is kin to smoked salmon with a more subtle flavour.
Smoked turkey does look pink.
Smoked turkey lasts longer.
Smoked turkey makes a perfect seasoning for both beans and greens.
A smokehouse is a house
Smokehouse also encourages employees to take an active part in the operation of the business.
Smokehouse helps teach the importance of fire safety and how to safely escape from a burning house.
Smokehouse maintains an old world charm and quiet efficiency of a bygone era.
Smokehouses are houses.
Smokehouses are traditional ovens of different types built with salvage material.
Smokehouses can be as simple as a tarp covering or as sophisticated as a commercial unit.
Smokeless cigarettes appeal to non-smokers.
Smokeless powder is an explosive
Smokeless powder is an extremely flammable solid and can be dangerous if improperly handled.
Smokeless powder is completely exempt in any quantity.
Smokeless powder is used in muzzleloading firearms.
Smokeless powders can either be single based or double based .
Smokeless tobacco can cause bleeding gums and sores of the mouth that never heal.
Smokeless tobacco can cause cancer, damage teeth and gums, and have a negative social impact.
Smokeless tobacco can cause mouth, cheek, throat, and stomach cancer.
Smokeless tobacco can cause sores and white patches which can lead to cancer of the mouth.
Smokeless tobacco can lead to oral cancer, mouth sores and disfigurement.
Smokeless tobacco causes cancer of the lip, tongue and cheek.
Smokeless tobacco causes cancer of the mouth and throat.
Smokeless tobacco causes gingivitis and gum recession, stains teeth and promotes tooth decay.
Smokeless tobacco causes gum disease and tooth decay.
Smokeless tobacco causes many dental problems as well.
Smokeless tobacco comes in many flavors to appeal to a variety taste preferences.
Smokeless tobacco contains high levels of sodium contributing to high blood pressure as well.
Smokeless tobacco contains many chemicals and additives that cause addiction and cancer.
Smokeless tobacco decreases the sense of taste and limits the sense of smell.
Smokeless tobacco includes BOTH chewing tobacco and snuff.
Smokeless tobacco is a dangerous and unhealthy option.
Smokeless tobacco is a growing problem in Oklahoma.
Smokeless tobacco is a known cause of cancer.
Smokeless tobacco is a nicotine habit just like smoking tobacco.
Smokeless tobacco is a safe alternative to smoking.
Smokeless tobacco is a serious public health problem in Arkansas.
Smokeless tobacco is accepted here in rural Oregon.
Smokeless tobacco is addictive and contains nicotine and other toxic substances.
Smokeless tobacco is addictive.
Smokeless tobacco is also related to an increased risk of cancer of the tongue and throat.
Smokeless tobacco is also related to causing cancer.
Smokeless tobacco is as addictive as smokeable tobacco.
Smokeless tobacco is as dangerous as smoked tobacco.
Smokeless tobacco is associated with cancer of the gum, mouth, pharynx, larynx and esophagus.
Smokeless tobacco is at least as harmful as cigarettes.
Smokeless tobacco is causally related to oral cancer, says the report.
Smokeless tobacco is defined as chewing tobacco, snuff, etc.
Smokeless tobacco is defined as tobacco that is used either orally or through the nasal cavity.
Smokeless tobacco is equally as dangerous as smoked tobacco.
Smokeless tobacco is far from safe.
Smokeless tobacco is just as addicting as cigarettes because it also contains nicotine.
Smokeless tobacco is just as addictive and harmful as tobacco that is smoked.
Smokeless tobacco is known to cause cancers of the mouth, lip, tongue, and pancreas.
Smokeless tobacco is linked to oral cancer.
Smokeless tobacco is marketed in the form of snuff or chewing tobacco.
Smokeless tobacco is marketed nationally as snuff and chewing tobacco.
Smokeless tobacco is no more safe than cigarettes.
Smokeless tobacco is problematic as well, with a high risk for oral cancer and gum damage.
Smokeless tobacco is unattractive.
Smokeless tobacco is unburnt tobacco which is placed into the mouth.
Smokeless tobacco is used in most parts of the world - including Africa, Asia and America.
Smokeless tobacco is used in two common forms.
Smokeless tobacco is used more often in the rural areas than in the urban areas.
Smokeless tobacco offers the same addictive drug as cigarettes-nicotine.
Smokeless tobacco strikes out in spring season.
All smokeless tobacco is banned in Australia as 'unsafe goods' under the customs regulations.
All smokeless tobaccos make our hearts work harder and make our heart rate and blood pressure go up.
A smoker is a party
Smoker is OK but a man who drink too much - no.
Smoker is unmitigated shite and progressively gets worse and worse.
Smoker isa user.
Smokers account for most lung cancer deaths.
Smokers actually develop an increased number of nicotine receptors in the brain.
Smokers already pay more than their share.
Smokers Already Pay Their Way.
Smokers also are more likely to die early.
Smokers also breathe in nicotine.
Smokers also expose themselves to nicotine found in cigarettes.
Smokers also face fines.
Smokers also get wrinkles at an earlier age.
Smokers also have a higher frequency of respiratory illnesses than nonsmokers do.
Smokers also have a higher incidence of hand contraction and nerve problems.
Smokers also have a higher rate of cardiovascular and respiratory disease.
Smokers also have a higher risk of several other forms of cancer.
Smokers also have higher intakes of fats, increasing their risk of heart disease.
Smokers also have more pain than nonsmokers.
Smokers also have three times more cavities than nonsmokers.
Smokers also learn that regular smoking prevents abstinence symptoms from developing.
Smokers also pay taxes with each pack of cigarettes they buy.
Smokers also report smoking less when they smoke a combination of the new and existing cigarettes.
Smokers also resort to crossing state lines to acquire cheaper cigarettes.
Smokers also respond differently when treated.
Smokers also run an increased risk of developing refractory periodontitis.
Smokers also tend to get colds and other respiratory tract infections more often than nonsmokers.
Smokers also tend to have a shorter menstrual cycle than non-smokers.
Smokers also tend to have a thinner build and reach menopause earlier.
Smokers also tend to have earlier menopause.
Smokers also tend to have more problems with heartburn.
Smokers also tend to heal more slowly when they do have back injuries due to decreased oxygen flow.
Smokers also tend to litter the streets - look at all the cigarette butts lying around.
Smokers appear to have different dietary habits and health behaviour.
Smokers appreciate a clear company policy about smoking at work.
Smokers are accustomed to be being on the same social acceptability level as dog poo.
Smokers are also at increased risk of gum disease and tooth loss.
Smokers are also at increased risk.
Smokers are also more at risk of fractures as their bone mineral density is lower than non-smokers.
Smokers are also more likely than non-smokers to suffer from stomach ulcers.
Smokers are also more likely to develop periodontal disease that non-smokers.
Smokers are also more likely to die quickly and suddenly than nonsmokers.
Smokers are also more likely to experience ectopic pregnancy.
Smokers are also more likely to experience premature facial wrinkling and other skin problems.
Smokers are also more likely to give birth to babies with health problems.
Smokers are also somewhat less critical of tobacco companies.
Smokers are are also more likely to die from their heart attack.
Smokers are around the doors like fleas on a dog.
Smokers are as much victims as people making free choices.
Smokers are at a greater risk for lung cancer due to exposure to radon than are nonsmokers.
Smokers are at a greater risk of developing macular degeneration than nonsmokers.
Smokers are at a higher risk than nonsmokers.
Smokers are at an even higher risk of developing radon-induced lung cancer.
Smokers are at greater risk if they also live in homes which have high radon levels.
Smokers are at greater risk of significant medical problems than non-smokers.
Smokers are at higher risk for hip fracture, and smokers' bones heal more slowly.
Smokers are at higher risk of developing asbestos induced lung cancer.
Smokers are at higher risk of developing asbestos-induced lung cancer.
Smokers are at higher risk of developing radon induced lung cancer.
Smokers are at higher risk of developing radon-induced lung cancer.
Smokers are at higher risk than non-smokers.
Smokers are at highest risk.
Smokers are at increased risk as their skin has a less abundant blood supply.
Smokers are at much greater risk from radon in air than nonsmokers.
Smokers are at risk for many diseases and unpleasant situations.
Smokers are at risk for significant bronchitis and pneumonia.
Smokers are aware that their addiction is bad.
Smokers are capable of smoke.
Smokers are close to eight times more likely to suffer an aortic aneurysm than non-smokers.
Smokers are common - and so are cigars.
Smokers are consumers.
Smokers are drug addicts.
Smokers are easy marks.
Smokers are eligible for consideration.
Smokers are eligible.
Smokers are especially at risk for cancer.
Smokers are even more at risk when inhaling asbestos fibers.
Smokers are even more likely to develop hearing loss and problems with eyesight.
Smokers are far more likely to develop serious diseases, like lung cancer, than non-smokers.
Smokers are far more likely to develop serious diseases, like lung cancer, than nonsmokers.
Smokers are five times more likely to have periodontal disease than non-smokers.
Smokers are four times more likely to have gum disease than nonsmokers are.
Smokers are inclined to point to the few survivors who have smoked a lifetime.
Smokers are likely to exhibit a variety of symptoms that reveal the damage caused by smoking.
Smokers are litterbugs.
Smokers are located in bus stops.
Smokers are loyal to the first brand of cigarette they smoke.
Smokers are more likely than most individuals to have a Vitamin C deficiency.
Smokers are more likely than nonsmokers to contract heart disease.
Smokers are more likely than non-smokers to dislike school and expect a lower grade point average.
Smokers are more likely than nonsmokers to experience tooth decay and gum disease.
Smokers are more likely than nonsmokers to have menopausal symptoms.
Smokers are more likely than non-smokers to perceive their GPA as lower or below average.
Smokers are more likely to become diabetic.
Smokers are more likely to develop macular degeneration than are nonsmokers.
Smokers are more likely to experience early disability from the workplace.
Smokers are more likely to get diseases like cancer and heart failure than non-smokers.
Smokers are more likely to get oral infections than non-smokers.
Smokers are more likely to have fertility problems than nonsmokers.
Smokers are more likely to have insomnia than non-smokers.
Smokers are more likely to have problems with backache, tooth decay and high blood pressure.
Smokers are more likely to have smaller babies.
Smokers are more likely to suffer broken bones, cervical cancer, and heart disease.
Smokers are more likely to suffer from periodontal disease.
Smokers are more likely to suffer heart disease and chronic bronchitis.
Smokers are more likely to suffer hypoxia symptoms at lower altitudes than non-smokers.
Smokers are more prone to sinusitis.
Smokers are more prone to upper respiratory infections.
Smokers are much more likely to suffer oral cancer than non smokers.
Smokers are never more themselves then when they are having a cigarette.
Smokers are nonetheless livid.
Smokers are often short on energy and get out of breath quickly.
Smokers are particularly at risk of chemical inhalation or ingestion.
Smokers are particularly at risk.
Smokers are passenger cars.
Smokers are people.
Smokers are productive, but death cuts efficiency.
Smokers are responsible for disposing of their cigarette ashes and butts appropriately.
Smokers are rude.
Smokers are sick more often than others, and often have colds, coughs or asthma.
Smokers are smoking cigarettes.
Smokers are stupid.
Smokers are suckers.
Smokers are ten times more likely to develop lung cancer than nonsmokers.
Smokers are ten times more likely to die from lung cancer than nonsmokers.
Smokers are the only people in New Zealand who know how rabbits truly feel.
Smokers are the only people that have tasted the cyanide.
Smokers are twice as likely as nonsmokers to develop cervical cancer.
Smokers are twice as likely as non-smokers to snore because their airways get inflamed and blocked.
Smokers are twice as likely to develop cataracts as nonsmokers.
Smokers are twice as likely to get ulcers as nonsmokers.
Smokers are twice as likely to have a heart attack as a non-smoker.
Smokers are twice as likely to lose teeth as nonsmokers.
Smokers are two to three times more likely to develop bladder cancer than non-smokers.
Smokers are under siege.
Smokers are welcome to apply.
Smokers are welcome to enjoy our patio.
Smokers are welcome to enjoy their cigarette on the verandah.
Smokers are welcome to puff outside.
Smokers are welcome to smoke in the patio area.
Smokers are welcome to smoke outdoors.
Smokers are welcome.
Smokers band pathetically, fighting the inevitable.
Smokers band together, united in their addiction.
Smokers be smokin up a storm.
Smokers become addicts.
Smokers become lethargic and experience pleasant sensations.
Smokers beginning to plan how to quit can benefit from a physician's assistance.
Smokers bite on the gum when they feel a craving for a cigarette.
Smokers break down vitamin C twice as fast as nonsmokers.
Smokers breathe in poisons that make their lungs unhealthy.
Smokers butt out, because the whole house is smoke-free.
Smokers call in sick about two more days a year than non-smokers.
Smokers can access the messages easily by pushing a button.
Smokers can also enjoy a puff or two from the porch.
Smokers can be another source of rage.
Smokers can become physically and psychologically dependent.
Smokers can better appreciate anything charred.
Smokers can cut their heart attack risk in half by giving up nicotine.
Smokers can enjoy the scenic terrace outside the dining room.
Smokers can experience colds of longer duration, increased severity, and with more complications.
Smokers can hang out on the patio.
Smokers can judge the correct dose more easily because they receive immediate feedback.
Smokers can lower their risk by stopping three weeks before surgery and three weeks after.
Smokers can make their own choices.
Smokers can markedly reduce their risk of cancer by quitting.
Smokers can only light up outside or at an airport bar.
Smokers can prove to themselves that they can quit.
Smokers can quit if they put their minds to it.
Smokers can refer themselves or be referred by a doctor.
Smokers can rejoice in the fact that ECIG.COM is here thanks to the wonders of E-commerce.
Smokers can relax sitting in rockers on the front porch enjoying the view of the lake.
Smokers can save a lot of money.
Smokers can smoke elsewhere and believers can act out their beliefs in their own homes and churches.
Smokers can stave off cravings for nicotine by wearing a series of patches over a period of weeks.
Smokers can still smoke - elsewhere.
Smokers can still smoke - outside, and in private.
Smokers can take steps to accomplish the tremendous feat of kicking the tobacco habit.
Smokers can transmit tobacco mosaic virus from a cigarette to tomato plants.
Smokers can use the front porch, decks or garden.
Smokers can use the riverside porch.
Smokers carry double the risk of a stroke.
Smokers chew gum laced with nicotine to replace the substance found in cigarettes.
Smokers closely associate it with finishing a meal, driving a car or having a drink.
Smokers come to enjoy the smoking behavior and are used to lighting up in certain situations.
Smokers commit crime disproportionately.
Smokers compensate by dragging more deeply.
Smokers complain about taste.
Smokers continue to converge in droves, and at times engulfing our podiums with cigarette smoke.
Smokers contribute to a large part of our forest fires.
Smokers cough more, get more chest infections and shortness of breath.
Smokers crave a cigarette if they go without one.
Smokers create chimneys as material precipitates when the plume is cooled.
Smokers desire smoke.
Smokers develop black lungs because airborne particulates accumulate in lungs.
Smokers develop bladder cancer two to three times more often than do nonsmokers.
Smokers develop problems with smaller exposures to carbon monoxide.
Smokers develop problems.
Smokers develop respiratory problems.
Smokers develop same problems.
Smokers develop same respiratory problems.
Smokers develop tolerance to the effects of tobacco.
Smokers die an average of six to eight years earlier than nonsmokers.
Smokers die earlier than non-smokers.
Smokers die early.
Smokers die four times more often from ruptured aneurysms than nonsmokers.
Smokers die from ruptured aneurysms four times more often than nonsmokers.
Smokers die of cancer.
Smokers die of heart disease, cancer and emphysema.
Smokers die of heart disease, stroke, cancer and emphysema.
Smokers die of lung cancer.
Smokers die prematurely and the cost of smoking-related disease is monumental.
Smokers die younger on average than non smokers.
Smokers die younger.
Smokers discard billions of cigarette butts yearly, tossing many directly into the environment.
Smokers do far more than hurt themselves and pollute the air.
Smokers do have the right to smoke.
Smokers do indeed run up higher medical expenses than non-smokers in the early years of their lives.
Smokers drink black tea.
Smokers drink more beer than non-smokers.
Smokers drink tea.
Smokers drop butts within a few feet of the ashtray.
Smokers enjoy blowing smoke in others' faces.
Smokers enjoy the natural taste of our premium tobacco without all the additives.
Smokers enter menopause earlier than non-smokers.
Smokers especially have to be highly motivated to quit for the hypnotherapy to work.
Smokers exhibit gender differences in the way they gather outside buildings to smoke . . .
Smokers experience more bouts of acute bronchitis and have a higher incidence of acute pneumonias.
Smokers experience mortality.
Smokers feel besieged and defensive.
Smokers find no solace in democratic theory.
Smokers gather near the bar or upstairs in the balcony.
Smokers generally exhibit significantly higher cadmium body burdens than non-smokers.
Smokers generally have COHb values of five to six percent.
Smokers generally have lower bone density than non-smokers, so have a much higher risk of fractures.
Smokers get cigarettes.
Smokers get colds and respiratory infections easier.
Smokers get tired and short of breath more easily than non-smokers of the same age.
Smokers get tired and short of breath more easily than nonsmokers the same age.
Smokers get ulcers more often than nonsmokers.
Smokers go through more cigarettes a day to compensate for lower nicotine levels.
Smokers happily sit down and light up.
Smokers have (part) arms.
Smokers have (part) body substances.
Smokers have (part) cell membranes.
Smokers have (part) cells.
Smokers have (part) corpi.
Smokers have (part) cytoplasm.
Smokers have (part) heads.
Smokers have (part) human bodies.
Smokers have (part) legs.
Smokers have (part) material bodies.
Smokers have (part) necks.
Smokers have (part) nuclei.
Smokers have (part) personality.
Smokers have (part) plasma membranes.
Smokers have (part) sections.
Smokers have (part) vacuoles.
Smokers have a comfortable covered area furnished with a rustic bench at the entry to the suite.
Smokers have a fivefold increased risk for cancer of the larynx , oral cavity, and esophagus .
Smokers have a greater number of neutrophils and macrophages in their alveoli.
Smokers have a greater risk of death or disability at a younger age due to cancer and heart disease.
Smokers have a greater risk of getting lung cancer than people exposed to radon.
Smokers have a greater risk of skin loss and wound healing complications.
Smokers have a greatly increased risk from asbestos fibers.
Smokers have a greatly increased risk of major depression say researchers in a new study.
Smokers have a higher incidence of stomach and duodenum ulcers.
Smokers have a higher incidence of the tissue dying off.
Smokers have a higher nickel uptake through their lungs.
Smokers have a higher rate of vertebral fractures than nonsmokers.
Smokers have a higher risk of miscarriage, premature delivery and neonatal death.
Smokers have a higher risk than non-smokers of developing bladder cancer.
Smokers have a lower capacity than nonsmokers.
Smokers have a lower diet quality than nonsmokers overall.
Smokers have a much greater risk of developing oral cancer than nonsmokers.
Smokers have a problem.
Smokers have a right to breathe the foul air that comes from the end of a cigarette.
Smokers have a right to make non-smokers pay for their slow, painful deaths.
Smokers have a significantly increased risk of early heart attack.
Smokers have a two-fold higher risk of heart disease.
Smokers have about twice as much cadmium in their bodies as do nonsmokers.
Smokers have almost double the risk of ischemic stroke.
Smokers have ambitions.
Smokers have an early . . .
Smokers have an easy exit for outside smoking.
Smokers have an increased risk for developing cataracts.
Smokers have an increased risk for gum disease and tooth loss.
Smokers have an increased risk for urothelial malignancies.
Smokers have at least a ten-fold increased risk of lung cancer.
Smokers have at least twice the risk of disability from heart disease and stroke as nonsmokers.
Smokers have become increasingly defensive - the only resolution is to quit.
Smokers have difficulty falling asleep, and also staying asleep.
Smokers have double the risk of a heart attack than non-smokers.
Smokers have eight times the risk from radon as non smokers.
Smokers have emphysema.
Smokers have excesses of injuries.
Smokers have full access to the porches and patio areas.
Smokers have health outcomes.
Smokers have higher breast cancer death risk.
Smokers have higher incidences of coronary disease, cancer, and other catastrophic illnesses.
Smokers have higher levels of periodontal pathogenic bacteria than nonsmokers.
Smokers have higher rates of deadly pancreatic cancer.
Smokers have less antioxidants in their blood than nonsmokers.
Smokers have less lung capacity.
Smokers have lower beta-carotene levels in plasma and oral mucosal cells than nonsmokers.
Smokers have more back pain than non-smokers, and heal slower.
Smokers have more cervical cancer and toxins have also been found in cervical cancer cells.
Smokers have more cold and flu then non-smokers and find it harder to recover from minor illnesses.
Smokers have more peptic ulcers and their ulcers respond poorly to treatment.
Smokers have more wrinkles and their skin tends to have a greyish pallor compared to non-smokers.
Smokers have no discernable input into the political process.
Smokers have no such easy choice.
Smokers have outcomes.
Smokers have proteins.
Smokers have reasons to stop smoking, but they find it is very difficult to quit cold turkey.
Smokers have rights.
Smokers have significantly higher risk for developing lung cancer.
Smokers have symptoms such as frequent coughing , chest pain , and breathlessness .
Smokers have symptoms such as frequent coughing, chest pain, and breathlessness.
Smokers have temporary nicotine alternatives, like the patch or gum.
Smokers have ten times the risk of developing diseases as non-smokers.
Smokers have the misconception that quitting smoking with medication is a sign of weakness.
Smokers have the patch.
Smokers have to exit buildings to light up.
Smokers have to realize that it's another way to be good to themselves.
Smokers have twice as many job related injuries as nonsmokers.
Smokers have twice as much cadmium in their bodies compared to nonsmokers.
Smokers have twice the accident rate of nonsmokers on the job.
Smokers have twice the accident rate of non-smokers.
Smokers have twice the breath ethane as non-smokers.
Smokers have twice the death rate as nonsmoker.
Smokers have twice the risk for heart attack as nonsmokers.
Smokers have twice the risk for heart attack of nonsmokers.
Smokers have twice the risk of a heart attack than a nonsmoker.
Smokers have twice the risk of dying of heart attack as do nonsmokers.
Smokers have twice the risk of dying of heart attacks as non-smokers do.
Smokers have twice the risk of gum disease.
Smokers have twice the risk of heart attack as nonsmokers.
Smokers have twice the risk of heart attack of nonsmokers.
Smokers have two to four times the risk of nonsmokers.
Smokers have two to ten times the risk for heart attacks for several reasons.
Smokers have waists.
Smokers impose costs on society in the form of higher health-care costs.
Smokers increase the risk of heart disease by a factor of four.
Smokers influence others to smoke.
Smokers inhale more because arsenic is one of many hundreds of chemicals present in cigarette smoke.
Smokers inhale radon with each puff.
Smokers know habit's bad .
Smokers know how to enjoy life more than non-smokers.
Smokers know the risks of their habit when they start.
Smokers know what it does.
Smokers know what the bad things smoking does to their health and their social life.
Smokers know what they are getting themselves into when they start smoking.
Smokers leave rooms.
Smokers look older than non-smokers .
Smokers lose calcium, too.
Smokers lose their teeth at a rate three times greater than nonsmokers.
Smokers lose their teeth at a rate three tunes greater than nonsmokers.
Smokers lose zip to their immune system and catch more colds than non-smokers.
Smokers make every flat tire type situation in life far more stressful than it needed to be.
Smokers make some people mad.
Smokers make the choice to start smoking.
Smokers may have problems.
Smokers may have respiratory problems.
Smokers may have same problems.
Smokers may have same respiratory problems.
Smokers need enough nicotine.
Smokers need nicotine.
Smokers participate in a smoking cessation program.
Smokers pay a higher rate than non-smokers do.
Smokers pay an unfair share of taxes.
Smokers pay more for life insurance.
Smokers pay much more for their coverage.
Smokers place a nicotine cartridge inside the mouthpiece of the inhaler, close it and puff on it.
Smokers place a nicotine cartridge inside the mouthpiece, close it and puff through the mouthpiece.
Smokers ponder their own room .
Smokers porch a party.
Smokers possess incredible physical strength.
Smokers possess incredible strength.
Smokers possess physical strength.
Smokers possess strength.
Smokers quit because they feel good about themselves and want to feel even better.
Smokers receive decreasing doses of nicotine from a patch that adheres to the body.
Smokers remove caffeine from their blood twice as fast as nonsmokers.
Smokers report far greater sleepiness and minor accidents than do nonsmokers.
Smokers report that a doctor's guidance is an effective aid to quitting smoking.
Smokers report they no longer have to clean every day.
Smokers require a liquid to create the moist, hot smoke needed for cooking.
Smokers risk health problems.
Smokers risk vision loss in twilight years .
Smokers risk vision loss in twilight years.
Smokers routinely report that their senses of taste and smell improves dramatically after they quit.
Smokers ruin that fresh air thing.
Smokers run a high risk because of nicotine's constrictive affect on the blood vessels.
Smokers run ten times the risk of death from lung cancer that nonsmokers do.
Smokers run three times the risk of sudden death compared with non-smokers.
Smokers rush to beat the price hikes.
Smokers save money and also time.
Smokers Say . . .
Smokers say that they are more sociable creatures.
Smokers seem to have a low level of tolerance in terms of anxiety and frustration.
Smokers share the only real sense of community left in the workplace.
Smokers simply press the smoke button each time a cigarette is smoked.
Smokers smell bad, their homes smell bad and their cars smell bad.
Smokers smoke cigarettes because they are smokers.
Smokers smoke cigarettes.
Smokers smoke more.
Smokers spend more than that on cigarettes.
Smokers subject their families to secondhand smoke.
Smokers suffer from more gum disease than non-smokers.
Smokers suffer from poor night vision due to a poisoning of their bloodstream with carbon monoxide.
Smokers support the economy by paying all that tax.
Smokers take longer and stronger drags.
Smokers take longer to fall asleep and wake up more often during the night.
Smokers take longer to fall asleep, awaken more often and experience disrupted, fragmented sleep.
Smokers take longer to fall asleep, awaken more often and spend less time in deep sleep.
Smokers take no notice when asked to give up smoking by their GPs, according to new research.
Smokers Tell Their Tales.
Smokers tend to be from lower income groups.
Smokers tend to be older than nonsmokers, for example.
Smokers tend to be sick more than non-smokers.
Smokers tend to become disabled and retire early six times more than non-smokers.
Smokers tend to die younger, thereby generating lower total health care bills.
Smokers tend to dig it.
Smokers tend to eat fattier foods, drink more alcohol, use more illegal drugs , and exercise less.
Smokers tend to eat poorer quality diets, drink more, get less exercise, etc.
Smokers tend to experience higher mortality than do non-smokers.
Smokers tend to experience the event earlier than nonsmokers.
Smokers tend to have earlier menopause, leading to lower estrogen levels in later life.
Smokers tend to have high health care costs during their lifetimes.
Smokers tend to have that distinctive odor that lingers in their clothes and their hair.
Smokers tend to reach menopause at an earlier age than nonsmokers.
Smokers tend to squint and pucker causing lines around the eye and mouth, so quit smoking.
Smokers tend to take larger drags on cigarettes than machines.
Smokers to engage in behavior.
Smokers to engage in other unhealthy behavior.
Smokers to engage in unhealthy behavior.
Smokers typically make two or three attempts before they achieve long-term smoking cessation.
Smokers use bongs and pipes or sprinkle powdered meth in hand-rolled cigarettes.
Smokers use tobacco to fill many different needs.
Smokers vary tremendously in heat output and air circulation.
Smokers vow to quit.
Smokers wake more during the night and have more trouble falling back to sleep than non-smokers.
Smokers wanting help with stopping now have effective treatment options.
Smokers waste a lot of money.
Smokers waste many hours each week taking breaks to satisfy their habit.
Smokers welcome, but sorry no pets.
Smokers welcome, smoking limited to outdoors only.
Smokers always bear the costs of their consumption choices.
Smokers always use a proper ash tray.
Smokers Always use full lengths of wood which fit in the pit.
Smokers often begin menopause earlier than non-smokers.
Smokers often find that fighting the urge to smoke presents a daunting mental challenge.
Smokers often go through a long period of reaching readiness before they finally quit.
Smokers often lose their interest in smoking.
Smokers often notice symptoms of menopause two to three years earlier than nonsmokers.
Smokers often try to quit more than once before they succeed.
Smokers often undergo exercise stress tests because they are more likely to have heart disease.
Smokers sometimes believe they contribute to the economy by supporting the huge tobacco industry.
Smokers sometimes enter menopause at a younger age.
Smokers sometimes procrastinate efforts to quit due to fears of weight gain.
Smokers usually die years earlier than nonsmokers.
Smokers usually make several attempts to quit before they succeed.
All smoker can use our balcony, equiped with a table, zwo chairs and a large ashtray.
All smokers are at greater risk than lifelong nonsmokers.
All smokers love it because it has that classic cool about it.
Every smoker has different reasons for smoking and different reasons for wanting to quit.
Every smoker is an individual.
Every smoker is different and there are methods of quitting to fit every profile.
Every smoker knows how hard it is to quit.
Every smoker knows the multiple health dangers associated with smoking.
Every smoker smokes after a meal.
Many smokers accept the risks of their behavior in exchange for the benefits they receive.
Many smokers also object to the sulfur used in most match tips.
Many smokers also offer strips of salmon smoked to a firm jerky.
Many smokers are irritable, depressed and anxious after they quit.
Many smokers are quite unaware of the economic losses which their habit causes.
Many smokers are resistant to treatment even though they are very well informed.
Many smokers become depressed, or more depressed, after they stop smoking.
Many smokers become ill or die from the effects of tobacco.
Many smokers believe that kicking the habit goes hand in hand with subsequent weight gain.
Many Smokers believe they continue to smoke because of their self-destructive attitude.
Many smokers blame their littering behaviour on a lack of well placed bins for cigarette butts.
Many smokers buy cartons in other states or at Indian reservations.
Many smokers can barely afford their habit with the recent skyrocket of tobacco prices.
Many smokers develop a chronic hacking cough, which can lead to emphysema and bronchitis.
Many smokers develop circulatory problems, are short of breath, and have low energy levels.
Many smokers feel conflicted about the role smoking plays in their lives.
Many smokers feel shame over their own failure to control themselves.
Many smokers feel that prohibiting smoking in dorm rooms is an infringement on their rights.
Many smokers find it difficult to quit and some find it extremely difficult.
Many smokers find that nicotine patches or nicotine gum makes the withdraw process bearable.
Many smokers have less physical endurance than nonsmokers, mainly due to decreased lung function.
Many smokers have to quit several times before they can become permanent ex-smokers.
Many smokers join low-cost smoking cessation clinics.
Many smokers leave their door open either while they smoke, or after, to air out their room.
Many smokers light up when drinking alcohol or eating particular foods.
Many smokers lose wages from work days lost from smoking-related illnesses.
Many smokers make a couple of attempts before they successfully quit.
Many smokers mistake strength for flavor.
Many smokers put their cigarettes down one day and never look back.
Many smokers quit successfully after using one or two cartons.
Many smokers remember the exact day they quit because it is a source of great pride.
Many smokers report a sense of relaxation when they smoke a cigarette.
Many smokers report having problems sleeping after they stop smoking.
Many smokers report that they enjoy the taste, smell and feel of cigarettes.
Many smokers say that smoking after a meal is relaxing.
Many smokers say they are worried that they'll gain weight if they stop smoking.
Many smokers say they enjoy smoking.
Many smokers select different shapes for different times of the day.
Many smokers simply shrug their shoulders to the facts.
Many smokers tend to deceive themselves about the actual number of cigarettes they smoke each day.
Many smokers tend to use smoking in controlling their moods.
Many smokers try and fail to quit.
Many smokers try multiple times before they are successful.
Many smokers try one method at a time.
Many smokers try several times before they succeed.
Many smokers try to quit several times before they succeed.
Many smokers try up to four times before quitting successfully.
Many smokers use cigarettes as a crutch or stress reliever.
Many smokers use cigarettes as a reward when they finish an unpleasant task.
Many smokers worry about weight gain if they stop smoking.
Many smokers yearn to stop, but find it hard because of nicotine's powerful addictive hold.
More smokers prefer Camels than any other cigarette.
Most smokers admit they're addicted.
Most smokers already feel bad.
Most smokers are aware of the consequences of smoking.
Most smokers are convinced smoking is essential in performing many normal daily activities.
Most smokers are drug addicts.
Most smokers are fearful of being able to handle some situations without a cigarette.
Most Smokers are in all other ways just like non-smokers.
Most smokers are polite.
Most smokers attempt to quit several times before they finally succeed.
Most smokers begin smoking during their teenage years.
Most smokers begin the deadly tobacco habit as kids.
Most smokers complain about taste.
Most smokers develop problems.
Most smokers develop respiratory problems.
Most smokers develop same problems.
Most smokers develop same respiratory problems.
Most smokers die of cancer.
Most smokers die of lung cancer.
Most smokers do.
Most smokers drink black tea.
Most smokers drink tea.
Most smokers find it hard to give up straight away.
Most smokers find quitting difficult.
Most smokers get cigarettes.
Most smokers go through five states of quitting.
Most smokers graciously understand that others have a right to be free of their smoke.
Most smokers have a cough, so change is important.
Most smokers have ambitions.
Most smokers have at least fleeting feelings about wanting a cigarette, even years after quitting.
Most smokers have emphysema.
Most smokers have health outcomes.
Most smokers have little difficulty refraining from smoking for an hour or two.
Most smokers have no intention of quitting.
Most smokers have outcomes.
Most smokers have proteins.
Most smokers have some of the marks named in the above paragraph.
Most smokers have the intention of quitting but find it hard, and they are often unsuccessful.
Most smokers have their own smoking habits, often tied to certain moods, events or places.
Most smokers have to try to quit several times before they completely stop.
Most smokers have waists.
Most smokers initiate tobacco use as children.
Most smokers know it s dangerous, but can t seem to break free from cigarettes.
Most smokers know that cigarette smoking and other forms of tobacco use are harmful.
Most smokers know that nicotine is the force behind their addiction.
Most smokers know that.
Most smokers leave rooms.
Most smokers live in developing countries.
Most smokers make four to seven serious attempts to quit before they succeed.
Most smokers make more than one attempt at quitting before they're successful.
Most smokers make several quit attempts before they successfully kick the habit.
Most smokers make two to three tries before finally being able to kick the habit for good.
Most smokers pass back and forth through five stages.
Most smokers possess incredible physical strength.
Most smokers possess incredible strength.
Most smokers possess physical strength.
Most smokers possess strength.
Most smokers quit several times before stopping for good.
Most smokers quit three times before they are successful.
Most smokers require from four to eight attempts before they succeed in quitting.
Most smokers say they began smoking as teenagers.
Most smokers say they want to quit.
Most smokers simply try to quit on their own with no assistance.
Most smokers smoke cigarettes.
Most smokers smoke more when they are upset or bothered.
Most smokers smoke on a daily basis.
Most smokers start as teenagers, and by the time they're old enough to know better, it's too late.
Most smokers start as teens.
Most smokers start at early age thus developing a substance dependence.
Most smokers start early in life.
Most smokers start in their teens.
Most smokers start young.
Most smokers take several attempts to quit before they finally succeed.
Most smokers take up smoking in their school years.
Most smokers tend to gain a little weight when they quit smoking.
Most smokers try to quit and fail.
Most smokers try to quit at least five or six times before they succeed, researchers say.
Most smokers try to stop on their own.
Most smokers use tobacco regularly because they are addicted to nicotine.
Most smokers wish they never started.
Some smokers also find it sweeter and slightly higher in nicotine content.
Some smokers are also concerned.
Some smokers are more dependent on nicotine than others.
Some smokers are plenty steamed.
Some smokers are really selfish.
Some smokers assume that chewing tobacco is a safe alternative to cigarettes.
Some smokers benefit from medications that decrease depression or anxiety.
Some smokers blend their own.
Some smokers buy pipes rather than cigarettes.
Some smokers can achieve long-term smoking cessation through willpower alone.
Some smokers can quit easily, while others find it difficult.
Some smokers consume cigarettes.
Some smokers die from smoke.
Some smokers discuss events.
Some smokers discuss recent events.
Some smokers end up having their limbs amputated.
Some smokers enter restaurants.
Some smokers explain causes.
Some smokers find a single hypnosis session is all it takes to eliminate the habit for life.
Some smokers follow code.
Some smokers give up smoke.
Some smokers have a built-in temperature indicator.
Some smokers have babies.
Some smokers have effects.
Some smokers have excretion.
Some smokers have few or no withdrawal symptoms.
Some smokers have high risks of injury.
Some smokers have ideas.
Some smokers have to repeat tapping all the time, others stop after only a few rounds.
Some smokers increase growth.
Some smokers increase population growth.
Some smokers know, deep in their hearts, they want to quit.
Some smokers like to select a number of cards from the deck.
Some smokers now get a tax break.
Some smokers participate in trials.
Some smokers prefer a smaller cigar during the day, and a larger one in the evening, after dinner.
Some smokers primarily have emphysema and some primarily have chronic bronchitis.
Some smokers quit, many die.
Some smokers refuse to quit smoking because they're afraid that they'll gain weight.
Some smokers report phenomena.
Some smokers report pregnancy.
Some smokers report same phenomena.
Some smokers report that smoking produces relaxation.
Some smokers say nicotine reduces their appetite, so they eat less.
Some smokers say they smoke because they are nervous.
Some smokers seem to.
Some smokers share friends.
Some smokers try a number of times before they quit for good.
Some smokers turn to food during the quitting process.
Some smokers use information.
Some smokers use their cigarettes to deal with anger or embarrassment or loneliness.
Some smokers use tobacco to combat depression .
Some smokers use tobacco to combat depression.
Some smokers wet the head in the mouth before making the cut.
A smokescreen is a screen
Smokescreens dissipate with fresh air.
Some smokescreens never blow away.
A smokestack is a chimney
Smokestack isa chimney.
Smokestacks are one source of NOx emissions.
Smokestacks have (part) bases.
Smokestacks have (part) fire irons.
Smokestacks have (part) fireplaces.
Smokestacks have (part) mantelpieces.
Smokestacks have (part) readsides.
Smokestacks have (part) sections.
Smokestacks have (part) water backs.
Smokestacks spew plumes of white smoke from skyscraper tops and from tugboats in the harbor.
Smokies are sheep and goats burned with a blowtorch while still fully skinned.
Smoking ban goes into effect on all domestic flights.
Smoking bans appear to be coming to Oxford County.
Smoking bans continue to expand.
Smoking bans infringe on property rights.
Smoking bans provide an exchange opportunity to less popular students.
Smoking cessation can completely resolve the cough associated with chronic bronchitis.
Smoking cessation can dramatically decrease the risk of heart attack.
Smoking cessation can increase the risk of depression.
Smoking cessation can promote positive role-modeling for smoking prevention.
Smoking cessation has a major impact on health.
Smoking cessation improves the respiratory mucociliary function.
Smoking cessation is a critical step in staying healthy.
Smoking cessation is a major goal to improve the nation's overall health.
Smoking cessation is a popular treatment with acupuncture.
Smoking cessation is a small part of stopping it.
Smoking cessation is associated with an increase in exhaled nitric oxide.
Smoking cessation is beneficial, even after cardiovascular disease has developed.
Smoking cessation is desirable before entering the program.
Smoking cessation is especially important.
Smoking cessation is essential for preventing the progression of occlusive disease.
Smoking cessation is extremely important.
Smoking cessation is important, as nicotine is also a stimulant.
Smoking cessation is important.
Smoking cessation is lowest among high school dropouts compared with that of other education groups.
Smoking cessation is of primary importance.
Smoking cessation is paramount since nicotine multiplies the risks of having high blood pressure.
Smoking cessation is the best method for preventing stain as well as for preserving overall health.
Smoking cessation is the easy, but non-realistic answer.
Smoking cessation is the essential first step in treating the disease.
Smoking cessation is the first step in prevention.
Smoking cessation is the most important medical intervention.
Smoking cessation is the most important.
Smoking cessation poses no risk to others.
Smoking cessation works.
Smoking cigarettes are cigarette smoking.
Smoking cigarettes are situations.
Smoking cigarettes can also increase the risk.
Smoking cigarettes can cause low sperm counts and slow-moving sperm.
Smoking cigarettes cause lung cancer.
Smoking cigarettes causes lung cancer.
Smoking cigarettes causes our blood vessels to narrow.
Smoking cigarettes contributes to yellowing of the teeth.
Smoking cigarettes costs a lot of money.
Smoking cigarettes deadens the nerve-endings for smell and taste.
Smoking cigarettes is a bad habit that some people learn.
Smoking cigarettes is a behaviorally motivated addiction.
Smoking cigarettes is a form of drug abuse that can lead to demonic control.
Smoking cigarettes is also a major cause of lung cancer.
Smoking cigarettes is as addictive as heroine or cocaine.
Smoking cigarettes is known to deplete levels of vitamin C and other antioxidants.
Smoking cigarettes is like being with a friend.
Smoking cigarettes is no joke.
Smoking cigarettes is one of the top risk factors for illness and premature death.
Smoking cigarettes is pleasant and enjoyable.
Smoking cigarettes is popular there, and so are drugs, crime and racism.
Smoking cigarettes is the leading cause of avoidable death in the United States.
Smoking cigarettes reduces the amount of oxygen to the heart muscle.
Smoking cigarettes seems to make it worse as well.
Smoking cigarettes starts as young as eight years of age.
Smoking crack can also cause respiratory problems and decreased lung function.
Smoking crack can produce severe respiratory problems.
Smoking crack can seriously harm the lungs and cause chest pains.
Smoking crack produces an intense and rapid euphoria commonly known as a flash high.
Smoking crack provides eight essential vitamins and minerals.
Smoking food is preparing food.
Smoking history is considered a possible contributing or causal factor.
Smoking marijuana is activities.
Smoking marijuana is used for pleasure.
Smoking pipe is rather cosstly is the smoker wants to do it properly.
Smoking pot decreases focus.
Smoking pot is illegal.
Smoking pot is legal in California.
Smoking pot is never sound medicine.
Smoking prevalence declines only slightly.
Smoking prevalence is high in our community in Saudi Arabia.
Smoking prevalence is higher in urban communities than in rural areas.
Smoking prevalence is highest among men who have dropped out of school.
Smoking prevalence is highest among women with less than a high school education.
Smoking prevalence is the proportion of respondents who smoked in a given month.
Smoking prevalence says nothing about the number of cigarettes smokers smoked.
Smoking prevalence varies by occupational category.
Smoking prevention is now government policy and they plan to ban tobacco advertising.
Smoking rates are alarmingly high for teenage girls.
Smoking rates are also higher amongst women who have been educated outside Thailand.
Smoking rates are high for the sample.
Smoking rates are highest in Alaska and the North Plains and lowest in the Southwest.
Smoking rates are now quite similar in girls and boys.
Smoking rates are similar for boys and girls.
Smoking rates are twice as high amongst gay and bisexual men than the general population.
Smoking rates vary considerably by region and by social grouping.
A smoking room is a room
Smoking rooms are available.
Smoking rooms are just one more disgusting thing about it.
Smoking rooms are located in operas.
Smoking rooms are rooms.
Smoking rooms are still available.
Smoking rooms avail.
Smoking rooms have two queen beds per room.
Some smoking rooms are available.
Smoking tobacco can cause humans to suffer unnecessary consequences.
Smoking tobacco causes more and earlier problems with circulation and the heart.
Smoking tobacco increases the risk of some urinary tract conditions.
Smoking tobacco is a common practice.
Smoking tobacco is almost the only luxury.
Smoking tobacco is the most common method of nicotine delivery.
Smoking tobacco limits the quantity and quality of oxygen being inhaled.
Smoking weed is like riding down a hill with no brakes.
Smoking accelerates biotin catabolism in women.
Smoking accelerates bone loss.
Smoking accelerates the aging process.
Smoking accelerates the deposit of fats onto blood vessels.
Smoking accounts for more than one of every six deaths.
Smoking activates genes that cause skin to wrinkle .
Smoking acts as a short cut to a million emotional states.
Smoking actually makes it more difficult for someone to play sports.
Smoking actually puts drugs into the brain more directly than intravenous injection.
Smoking adds an exciting dimension and produces great flavor.
Smoking adds flavor, convenience and increased shelf life to poultry meats.
Smoking adds new flavor, convenience and increased shelf life to poultry meats.
Smoking adds to other sources of pollution.
Smoking adds to that risk greatly.
Smoking affects a person's health in many ways, having both immediate and long term effects.
Smoking affects blood flow in veins and arteries, and is also believed to lead to impotence.
Smoking affects everyone.
Smoking affects fertility in both men and women.
Smoking affects health.
Smoking affects how the immune system functions by causing oxidative stress .
Smoking affects many cells in the human body.
Smoking affects most organ systems and even affects other people through secondhand smoke.
Smoking affects nearly every organ in the body, including the heart.
Smoking affects oral health and overall health.
Smoking affects physical fitness.
Smoking affects practically every part of the human body.
Smoking affects pregnancy .
Smoking affects pregnant women and their unborn children.
Smoking affects small blood vessels.
Smoking affects the blood supply to the skin, weakening it and causing it to age more rapidly.
Smoking affects the elastin in all body tissue.
Smoking affects the mother's health as well.
Smoking affects the penis in the same way that it does the heart, the researchers said.
Smoking affects the quantity and quality of oxygen to the tissues.
Smoking affects the small blood vessels and can cause a decrease in blood flow to the feet.
Smoking affects the unborn as well.
Smoking affects women of all ages.
Smoking ages the skin prematurely.
Smoking aggravates back pain.
Smoking aggravates menstrual disorders.
Smoking aggravates symptoms of occupational asthma.
Smoking aggravates the condition.
Smoking aggravates the effects of exposure.
Smoking allows for extremely high doses of cocaine to reach the brain very quickly.
Smoking allows patients to match usage to their symptoms, meaning smaller doses.
Smoking almost doubles a person's risk of stroke, independent of any other risk factors.
Smoking already is blamed for promoting cataracts, another major cause of vision loss.
Smoking also affects non-smokers who breathe the smoke of others.
Smoking also affects others besides the smoker.
Smoking also appears to be a predisposing factor.
Smoking also appears to increase slightly the risk of placenta previa .
Smoking also appears to increase the risk of Crohn's disease.
Smoking also boosts the risk of stroke.
Smoking also can contribute to varicose veins because it affects circulation and harms vein walls.
Smoking also can make the skin dry and leathery.
Smoking also can reduce the number of taste buds a person has.
Smoking also carries an increased risk of ulcers.
Smoking also carries other significant risks during a pregnancy.
Smoking also causes an increase in bronchial mucous production and paralysis of the cilia.
Smoking also causes blockages in the tiny blood vessels that nourish the hairs of the inner ear.
Smoking also causes chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, such as bronchitis and emphysema.
Smoking also causes diabetic eye disease to progress more rapidly.
Smoking also causes emphysema, bronchitis and diseases of the arteries.
Smoking also causes emphysema, probably damaging the lung by the release of proteolytic enzymes.
Smoking also causes hardening of the arteries which can lead to heart attacks.
Smoking also causes harm to nonsmokers.
Smoking also causes heart disease, emphysema, and other lung diseases.
Smoking also causes lung cancer, which kills many smokers.
Smoking also causes premature wrinkles.
Smoking also causes skin discoloration and the acceleration of wrinkles.
Smoking also causes the release of endorphins, which create a tranquilizing effect.
Smoking also changes drug levels.
Smoking also contains a major social component.
Smoking also contributes significantly.
Smoking also contributes to an increase in otitis media, or earaches.
Smoking also contributes to blindness by macular deteriorations.
Smoking also contributes to facial wrinkling.
Smoking also contributes to hardening of the arteries and to atherosclerosis.
Smoking also contributes to increased blood pressure.
Smoking also contributes to loosening of the teeth.
Smoking also contributes to the development of cataracts.
Smoking also contributes to the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Smoking also costs money, and lots of it.
Smoking also creates a higher risk for periodontal disease.
Smoking also decreases blood supply to the face and skin.
Smoking also diminishes one's sense of smell and taste.
Smoking also disturbs glucose tolerance tests.
Smoking also does major harm to indoor air quality.
Smoking also doubles a woman's risk for getting cervical cancer.
Smoking also doubles men's chances of being impotence.
Smoking also enhances lung cancer risk in underground miners exposed to radon.
Smoking also gives it color and bug proofs and bacteria proofs the hide.
Smoking also hampers efficient processing of calcium.
Smoking also harms a woman's health.
Smoking also harms thousands of nonsmokers who are exposed to cigarette smoke.
Smoking also has external or cutaneous manifestations.
Smoking also has pleasurable physical effects.
Smoking also helps in preserving meat to a certain extent.
Smoking also hinders the blood supply to the bones or interferes with the function of osteoblasts.
Smoking also impairs a woman's fertility.
Smoking also increases a woman's risk of breast cancer.
Smoking also increases blood pressure and makes it easier for blood to clot.
Smoking also increases fatigue and decreases the smoker's sense of smell and taste.
Smoking also increases the amount of fatty acids, glucose, and various hormones in the blood.
Smoking also increases the effects of other risks, such as high blood pressure.
Smoking also increases the likelihood of coronary heart disease and is associated with osteoporosis.
Smoking also increases the risk for a stroke.
Smoking also increases the risk for chronic bronchitis , emphysema , and lung cancer .
Smoking also increases the risk of asthmatic attack.
Smoking also increases the risk of bone loss later in life.
Smoking also increases the risk of cervical cancer.
Smoking also increases the risk of complications.
Smoking also increases the risk of developing cervical dysplasia.
Smoking also increases the risk of developing emboli.
Smoking also increases the risk of developing oral cavity diseases and lung disease.
Smoking also increases the risk of emphysema and cancer.
Smoking also increases the risk of having a stroke.
Smoking also increases the risk of infertility.
Smoking also increases the risk of miscarriage and premature labor.
Smoking also increases the risk of miscarriage, still birth, or infant death shortly after birth.
Smoking also increases the risk of miscarriage, stillbirth or infant death shortly after birth.
Smoking also increases the risk of miscarriage, stillbirth, or infant death shortly after birth.
Smoking also increases the risk of other carcinogens even among passive smokers.
Smoking also increases the risk of prostate cancer.
Smoking also increases the risk of recurrence in persons who have survived a heart attack.
Smoking also increases the risk of some skin cancers.
Smoking also increases the risk of spontaneous abortion.
Smoking also increases the risk of stroke.
Smoking also increases the risk, as does a family history of the disease.
Smoking also increases the tendency for blood to clot.
Smoking also influences cholesterol levels.
Smoking also injures the lungs.
Smoking also interacts with other risk factors.
Smoking also interferes with clearance of asbestos particles from the lung.
Smoking also interferes with digestion, which leads to ulcers of the stomach and intestines.
Smoking also interferes with the body's use of calcium.
Smoking also is a fire and health hazard.
Smoking also is a major cause of heart disease.
Smoking also is a serious health problem for pregnant women and their unborn infants.
Smoking also is associated with heart disease, emphysema and stroke.
Smoking also is permitted in some enclosed bar and restaurant areas.
Smoking also kills the cilia that line the lungs and take in oxygen and put out carbon monoxide.
Smoking also leads to bronchitis and emphysema and increases the risk of heart attacks.
Smoking also leads to clumping or stickiness in the blood vessels feeding the heart.
Smoking also leads to the early formation of wrinkles, especially fine lines around the mouth.
Smoking also lowers estrogen levels, in women, further contributing to bone loss.
Smoking also lowers prolactin levels in the blood.
Smoking also lowers testosterone levels, affecting the development of sperm.
Smoking also lowers women's estrogen levels.
Smoking also magnifies the effects in most cases as a powerful rush of effects in a very short time.
Smoking also makes it more difficult to get oxygen from lungs to tissue.
Smoking also makes it worse.
Smoking also makes the lungs less able to clean themselves.
Smoking also plays into youths' obsession with staying thin.
Smoking also poses special dangers during pregnancy .
Smoking also poses special dangers during pregnancy.
Smoking also predisposes to tuberculosis by causing poor nutrition and loss of weight.
Smoking also produces a more robust flavor.
Smoking also produces negative effects for people other than the smoker.
Smoking also produces several other harmful effects that particularly affect women.
Smoking also promotes inflammation and increases bone loss.
Smoking also puts a cramp on deep breaths.
Smoking also raises carbon monoxide levels in the blood, depriving the heart of oxygen.
Smoking also raises the risk of blood clots.
Smoking also raises the risk of cancer of the bladder, kidney and pancreas.
Smoking also raises the risk of cancer of the bladder, kidney, pancreas and oropharynx.
Smoking also reduces normal breathing capacity.
Smoking also reduces sperm counts, and increases the incidence of resp.
Smoking also reduces the body's testosterone production.
Smoking also reduces the supply of oxygen and nutrients to the baby.
Smoking also reduces vitamin C levels, among other vitamin levels.
Smoking also releases carbon monoxide into the body which lowers the amount of oxygen in the blood.
Smoking also results in discoloration of the teeth and fingertips and bad breath.
Smoking also results in increased bronchial mucous production and paralysis of the cilia.
Smoking also seems to increase the risk of complications.
Smoking also shows a continuing declining trend.
Smoking also slows down the healing time, so that it takes longer to get well.
Smoking also slows healing during ulcer treatment.
Smoking also slows the body's ability to digest food.
Smoking also spoils fasting.
Smoking also worsens allergy symptoms.
Smoking annoys others.
Smoking apparently inhibits ulcer healing.
Smoking appears to decrease an artery's ability to widen when necessary.
Smoking appears to endanger the health of non-smokers too.
Smoking appears to go along with a higher cholesterol level.
Smoking appears to increase the risk for developing diabetes.
Smoking appears to increase the risk of osteoporosis.
Smoking artificially elevates heart rate and increases metabolism.
Smoking attracts inflammatory cells that release enzymes that digest the lung.
Smoking becomes a very personal activity.
Smoking becomes politically incorrect, with more public places forbidding smoking.
Smoking becomes symbolic of independence.
Smoking becomes their best friend, the authors say.
Smoking blocks the stomach's natural healing process and greatly raises the risk of ulcers.
Smoking boosts free-radical activity.
Smoking burns off a lot of calories.
Smoking can actually increase feelings of stress and nervousness.
Smoking can actually increase the risk for occupational lung disease.
Smoking can adversely affect the ability of both men and women to identify odors.
Smoking can affect a person's ability to smell and taste food.
Smoking can affect blood oxygenation.
Smoking can affect females with dysfunction in similar ways that it effects males.
Smoking can affect fertility.
Smoking can aggravate headaches.
Smoking can also be a cause of problems in the stomach.
Smoking can also be a financial burden.
Smoking can also cause earlier menopause.
Smoking can also cause heartburn, because it stimulates the release of stomach acid.
Smoking can also cause our blood pressure to go up.
Smoking can also cause premature aging of the skin.
Smoking can also cause some very serious diseases.
Smoking can also contribute to breathing problems that disrupt sleep.
Smoking can also destroy taste.
Smoking can also effect the quality of sperm count, motility.
Smoking can also have a dehydrating effect.
Smoking can also have side effects such as dizziness and lung problems.
Smoking can also lead to blood clots, the main cause of heart attacks.
Smoking can also lead to other serious health problems, such as lung cancer.
Smoking can also place expectant mothers at risk for babies born with low birth weight.
Smoking can also put people at higher risk.
Smoking can also reduce male fertility.
Smoking can also reduce the effectiveness of high blood pressure medication.
Smoking can also worsen snoring and sleep apnea, due to swelling of the nasal tissues.
Smoking can be a form of acceptance into a group.
Smoking can be dangerous.
Smoking can be hazardous to health for both smokers and non-smokers.
Smoking can be just as injurious to the heart as to the lungs.
Smoking can be very offensive to non-smokers.
Smoking can bring on a premature menopause.
Smoking can bring on early menopause and menstrual disorders.
Smoking can cause a similar discoloration.
Smoking can cause a slow and painful death.
Smoking can cause a wide variety of tongue problems.
Smoking can cause allergic reactions and thus the cough.
Smoking can cause birth defects, pregnancy complications, low birth weight and emphysema.
Smoking can cause cancer and death.
Smoking can cause cancer as well as heart disease, emphysema, and other diseases.
Smoking can cause cancer of the mouth, throat, lung, and bladder.
Smoking can cause facial lines, especially around the eyes and mouth.
Smoking can cause head and neck cancer.
Smoking can cause impotence and premature baldness in men.
Smoking can cause impotence in men.
Smoking can cause impotence.
Smoking can cause infertility in both men and women.
Smoking can cause laryngitis directly.
Smoking can cause lung and vascular problems leading to sickness and death.
Smoking can cause lung cancer and heart disease.
Smoking can cause lung cancer, head and neck cancers, emphysema and heart disease.
Smoking can cause many problems, including low birth weight and premature delivery.
Smoking can cause more cancer to develop.
Smoking can cause peripheral vascular disease which can result in gangerene and amputation.
Smoking can cause peripheral vascular disease which can result in gangrene and amputation.
Smoking can cause problems after surgery.
Smoking can cause problems for virtually all aspects of the reproductive system.
Smoking can cause problems in conceiving, during pregnancy and for the health of the child.
Smoking can cause problems in pregnancy and harm an unborn baby.
Smoking can cause serious health problems for anyone, regardless of age or gender.
Smoking can cause serious health problems.
Smoking can cause significant damage to women's reproductive sy stem.
Smoking can cause significant damage to women's reproductive system.
Smoking can cause sleep disturbance.
Smoking can cause the skin to age prematurely, as well as take on an unflattering sallow tone.
Smoking can cause unpredictable or erratic blood glucose levels in some people.
Smoking can damage heart blood vessels making it difficult for heart to pump blood.
Smoking can damage the sperm and decreases fertility.
Smoking can decrease blood flow even more.
Smoking can decrease the amount of milk production.
Smoking can destroy appetite and enjoyment of food because it seriously affects taste and smell.
Smoking can feel adventurous and it can make it feel easier to fit in.
Smoking can have a bad effect on babies, both before and after they are born.
Smoking can have more than long-term effects, such as cancer and emphysema.
Smoking can impede healing and increase the incidence of dry socket.
Smoking can increase both the severity of an occupational lung disease and the risk of lung cancer.
Smoking can increase the risk of a heart attack by three times and ruins cardiovascular health.
Smoking can increase the risk of lung injury.
Smoking can increase, decrease or even cancel the effects of medication.
Smoking can inhibit proper healing for any implant system.
Smoking can inhibit the blood flow needed to maintain an erection.
Smoking can interfere with the healing of wounds and fractures.
Smoking can involve coughing.
Smoking can involve coughs.
Smoking can involve talking.
Smoking can lead to diminished sperm motility in addition to premature ovarian failure.
Smoking can lead to diseases such as lung cancer, emphysema and heart disease.
Smoking can lead to heart disease.
Smoking can lead to many physical problems includeing emphysema, heart disease, stroke and cancer.
Smoking can lead to many physical problems, including emphysema, heart disease, stroke, and cancer.
Smoking can lessen sperm quality.
Smoking can make a person more susceptible to periodontitis.
Smoking can make it hard for the baby to breathe.
Smoking can make the baby's body and head smaller.
Smoking can narrow other arteries, cutting off the supply of oxygen and nutrients to body tissues.
Smoking can narrow the blood vessel over a period of time.
Smoking can only incur in designated areas.
Smoking can promote serious dental problems like gum disease and oral cancer.
Smoking can provoke or intensify a headache.
Smoking can raise the risk of developing tooth decay because it decreases saliva production.
Smoking can rapidly reverse such negative moods.
Smoking can reduce the chances of success in games, sports and other leisure activities.
Smoking can result in hardened arteries and poor circulation.
Smoking can speed up onset by two years.
Smoking can speed up the rate at which some drugs are eliminated.
Smoking can start a fire if the product is flammable.
Smoking can start a fire if the products are flammable.
Smoking can take several years off one's life by increasing the risk of lung and heart diseases.
Smoking can worsen it, as can wearing tight-fighting clothing.
Smoking can wreak havoc on gum and tooth health.
Smoking can wreck lungs and reduce oxygen available for muscles used during sports.
Smoking carries an added risk of dependency.
Smoking carries no personal responisbilities, the tobacco companies are responsible for everything.
Smoking cause the airway tissues to become damaged or destroyed.
Smoking causes a buildup of fatty deposits in delicate blood vessels.
Smoking causes a drop in self-esteem, which is key for health and fitness in general.
Smoking causes a great number of health problems.
Smoking causes a host of health problems, from lung cancer and heart disease to impotence.
Smoking causes a pregnancy to be high risk.
Smoking causes a significant increase in the risk of bone loss and osteoporosis .
Smoking causes ageing of the skin.
Smoking causes around one in five deaths from heart disease.
Smoking causes bad breath and recent dental studies show that people who smoke have gum disease.
Smoking causes bad breaths.
Smoking causes birth defects.
Smoking causes birth defects.
Smoking causes blockage of the small airways in the lung.
Smoking causes blood vessels to constrict, which reduces blood supply to the eye.
Smoking causes blood vessels to narrow, which decreases the blood flow.
Smoking causes cancer .
Smoking causes cancer including lung, bladder, throat and mouth cancer.
Smoking causes cancer, along with a number of other diseases.
Smoking causes cancer, as well as heart disease.
Smoking causes cancer, heart attacks, etc.
Smoking causes cancer, heart disease, chronic bronchitis, asthma and emphysema.
Smoking causes cancer, lung disease and cardiovascular disease.
Smoking causes cancer.
Smoking causes cancer.
Smoking causes cancers of the lungs, pancreas, bladder, skin, mouth and throat.
Smoking causes cardiovascular disease.
Smoking causes cardiovascular diseases.
Smoking causes changes in blood levels of certain nutrients such as carbohydrates and proteins.
Smoking causes changes in the genes of our lungs and other places in the body.
Smoking causes chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Smoking causes constriction of the blood vessels and is a major contributor to atherosclerosis.
Smoking causes constriction of the blood vessels.
Smoking causes death.
Smoking causes death.
Smoking causes deaths because it greatly increases a smoker's risk for several diseases.
Smoking causes difficulty in maintaining an erection.
Smoking causes disease and death.
Smoking causes diseases such such as mouth cancer, lung cancer , and emphysema.
Smoking causes dying.
Smoking causes emphysema and chronic bronchitis, which progress to slow suffocation.
Smoking causes emphysema, heart disease, impotence and stroke.
Smoking causes faster aging of the skin.
Smoking causes fatal lung cancer.
Smoking causes genetic problems in teen-age male sperm.
Smoking causes gum disease and tooth loss.
Smoking causes heart disease, cancer, chronic lung disease, and other diseases.
Smoking causes heart disease, lung disease and cancer.
Smoking causes ill health.
Smoking causes illness and adversely affects a person's quality of life.
Smoking causes increased platelet stickiness.
Smoking causes irreversible lung damage by breaking the air sacs within the lungs.
Smoking causes irreversible lung damage.
Smoking causes lesions in the lung.
Smoking causes lower grades in school.
Smoking causes lung and other cancers, heart disease, stroke, chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Smoking causes lung cancer and many other diseases that are really harmful for our health.
Smoking causes lung cancer and many other types of lung disease.
Smoking causes lung cancer and pulmonary diseases.
Smoking causes lung cancer in two ways.
Smoking causes lung cancer, and many other types of cancer, heart and circulatory diseases.
Smoking causes lung cancer.
Smoking causes lung cancer.
Smoking causes lung diseases.
Smoking causes many diseases like lung cancer, bronchitis and coronary heart disease.
Smoking causes many respiratory problems, including chronic bronchitis, emphysema, and lung cancer.
Smoking causes more deaths from ischemic heart disease than any other disease.
Smoking causes more problems than addiction.
Smoking causes more than eighty percent of lung cancer deaths.
Smoking causes mucous membranes to swell, which narrows the air passages.
Smoking causes nearly half of bladder cancer deaths in men and more than a third in women.
Smoking causes nearly one in five U.S. deaths.
Smoking causes one-third of cancer, and that accounts for the major increase in cancer.
Smoking causes over one in five deaths in New Brunswick.
Smoking causes pleasure.
Smoking causes premature aging and wrinkling of the face.
Smoking causes premature aging of the skin and aggravates other medical conditions.
Smoking causes premature wrinkling of the skin and yellows teeth and fingernails.
Smoking causes reflux.
Smoking causes salivation and most smokers have no hesitation in spitting anywhere.
Smoking causes serious health problems and disease.
Smoking causes significant changes in the walls of blood vessels, impairing normal blood flow.
Smoking causes strokes and heart disease.
Smoking causes the blood vessels to constrict, allowing less circulation to the gums and bone.
Smoking causes the blood vessels to constrict, causing an elevation in blood pressure.
Smoking causes the majority of cases.
Smoking causes the opposite to happen.
Smoking causes the skin to age earlier.
Smoking causes the skin to have a pallid complexion and skin that wrinkles prematurely.
Smoking causes the skin to lose it's elasticity over time.
Smoking causes ulcers by at least three mechanisms.
Smoking causes wrinkling and the appearance of premature aging.
Smoking causes yellow stains on teeth, bad breath and early signs of aging.
Smoking certainly adds much to the flavor and is well worth the effort.
Smoking certainly aggravates it, as do coffee and alcohol, especially spirits.
Smoking certainly puts the baby at risk and has been associated with learning disabilities.
Smoking certainly puts the baby at risk, and has been associated with learning disabilities.
Smoking chemically changes segments of DNA called adducts.
Smoking chronically deprives the skin of oxygen and nutrients.
Smoking cigars every day raises the risk of heart disease and cancer.
Smoking clearly causes cancer.
Smoking clearly disturbs sleep.
Smoking clogs the arteries and causes heart attacks and strokes.
Smoking combined with exposure to high radon levels is an even more serious health risk.
Smoking combined with radon exposure is an especially dangerous health risk.
Smoking combined with radon is an especially serious health risk.
Smoking constricts arteries and increases clotting to block arteries.
Smoking constricts blood vessels and can intensify and prolong a flash.
Smoking constricts blood vessels and causes wrinkling.
Smoking constricts blood vessels and contributes to high blood pressure.
Smoking constricts blood vessels and decreases blood flow all over the body.
Smoking constricts blood vessels and is a contributor to high blood pressure.
Smoking constricts blood vessels.
Smoking constricts the blood vessels and makes the heart work harder.
Smoking constricts the blood vessels and makes the heart work much harder.
Smoking constricts the blood vessels, making the heart work harder and raising blood pressure.
Smoking constricts the blood vessels.
Smoking continues to be the leading cause of preventable deaths in America today.
Smoking continues to be the single most preventable cause of death in the United States.
Smoking continues to increase among teenagers.
Smoking contributes to bone loss and increases the risk of osteoporosis in both men and women.
Smoking contributes to low bone-mineral density and can cause osteoporosis.
Smoking contributes to low bone-mineral density.
Smoking contributes to many problems.
Smoking contributes to more deaths than any other risk factors.
Smoking contributes to the development of atherosclerosis.
Smoking costs a lot of money to buy cigarettes.
Smoking costs big bucks.
Smoking costs our state a quarter of a billion dollars annually.
Smoking costs significant resources in hard currency.
Smoking crack further presents a series of health risks.
Smoking creates a fire hazard and discomfort for non-smokers.
Smoking creates a serious habit.
Smoking creates a serious risk.
Smoking creates blood clots which can cause strokes.
Smoking cuts off blood flow.
Smoking cuts the amount of oxygen reaching tissues.
Smoking damages the artery walls and allows more cholesterol to build up in the arteries.
Smoking damages the blood vessel walls, speeds hardening of the arteries and raises blood pressure.
Smoking damages the blood vessels, which remove breast fluid.
Smoking damages the blood vessels.
Smoking damages the body.
Smoking damages the bronchial tree and makes it easier for viruses to cause infection.
Smoking damages the bronchial tubes and makes it easier for viruses and bacteria to cause infection.
Smoking damages the eye, and reduces the oxygen that reaches the optic nerve.
Smoking damages the health of many people who are smokers, even causing premature death.
Smoking damages the health of other people - in particular the vulnerable babies and children.
Smoking damages the heart and blood vessels.
Smoking damages the lining of the blood vessels and raises blood pressure.
Smoking damages the lungs and speeds age-related lung changes.
Smoking damages the microcirculation to the skin, making it dull, grey and lifeless.
Smoking darkens the tooth surface as well.
Smoking decreases absorption.
Smoking decreases blood flow to the feet.
Smoking decreases blood flow to the skin.
Smoking decreases blood levels of several medications.
Smoking decreases calorie absorption, which aids in preventing obesity.
Smoking decreases circulation and interferes with proper healing.
Smoking decreases estrogen production by the ovaries, leading to earlier menopause and osteoporosis.
Smoking decreases the amount of saliva that our mouths produce.
Smoking decreases the appetite for sweets, and is often used to replace dessert.
Smoking decreases the bone rebuilding that is constantly taking place in all ofus.
Smoking decreases the levels of estrogen in the plasma.
Smoking decreases the oxygen available to bones and partially blocks estrogen.
Smoking decreases the sex drive.
Smoking depletes the body further of vitamins, which the pill also depletes.
Smoking deprives the fetus of needed oxygen and other nutrients.
Smoking describe what each means.
Smoking destroys good health.
Smoking destroys the balance between the protease and the anti-protease enzymes.
Smoking diminishes blood flow both in the heart and in the penis.
Smoking does impose costs on employers.
Smoking does increase the risk of breast cancer for some postmenopausal white women.
Smoking does just the opposite.
Smoking does nothing good but is bad for health, and it is unwise to try it.
Smoking does the same thing.
Smoking doubles stroke risk.
Smoking doubles the risk for stroke.
Smoking doubles the risk of cervical cancer and more women die of lung cancer than breast cancer.
Smoking doubles the risk of cervical cancer.
Smoking doubles the risk of developing pancreatic cancer.
Smoking doubles the risk of ectopic pregnancy and of having a low birth weight baby.
Smoking doubles the risk of ectopic pregnancy, and of having a low-birthweight baby.
Smoking doubles the risk of heart attack.
Smoking doubles the risk of heart disease and is the main cause of chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Smoking doubles the risk of heart disease.
Smoking doubles the risk of patients having renal cell carcinoma.
Smoking doubles the risk of stroke for men and triples it for women.
Smoking doubles the risk of stroke.
Smoking doubles the risk of vision loss with macular degeneration.
Smoking doubles the risk.
Smoking dramatically promotes the development of atherosclerosis.
Smoking dulls the taste buds.
Smoking eases the pain.
Smoking elevates the level of carboxyhaemoglobin.
Smoking eliminates the protective effect of oral estrogens on the risk of hip fracture among women.
Smoking encourages coughing and droplet infection.
Smoking erases the benefits of exercise.
Smoking even affects the sexes differently.
Smoking exacerbates asthma, and maternal smoking during pregnancy increases the risk for the child.
Smoking exacerbates the damage caused by inhaling dusts and fumes in the studio.
Smoking exposes the body to many cancer-causing chemicals that affect more than the lungs.
Smoking floods the brain with dopamine.
Smoking Focuses around the dangers of smoking.
Smoking fouls the air.
Smoking generally takes place in bars.
Smoking generates high levels of free radicals.
Smoking gives relief but continues the addiction.
Smoking gives the meat an attractive light-brown color and a fragrant smoke aroma.
Smoking greatly increase a woman's risk of heart attack and stroke.
Smoking greatly increases the chance of getting heart disease.
Smoking greatly increases the risk of a heart attack, stroke, or blood clot.
Smoking greatly increases the risk of blood clot formation.
Smoking greatly increases the risk of dying from diseases like emphysema and bronchitis.
Smoking greatly increases the risk of having a heart attack, stroke, or blood clot.
Smoking hampers the good blood flow to the feet, so stop it immediately.
Smoking hardens arteries and cigarette smoke also has stimulants that increase heart rate.
Smoking harms others.
Smoking harms the fetus.
Smoking has a definite dose related relationship with Ischaemic heart disease.
Smoking has a deleterious effect in high blood pressure.
Smoking has a devastating effect on numerous bodily functions and systems.
Smoking has a direct effect on the growth of the fetus.
Smoking has a harmful effect on the skin for several reasons.
Smoking has a multiplying effect on the risk of getting from exposure.
Smoking has a nasty effect on nutrition too.
Smoking has a toxic effect on bone in men and women.
Smoking has a variety of undesirable effects.
Smoking has a way of becoming integrated into the student lifestyle.
Smoking has an adverse effect on the body's immune system and other defense mechanisms.
Smoking has devastating consequences and shortens the life of a smoker one cigarette at a time.
Smoking has effects on personal hygiene.
Smoking has many complex effects on the lungs.
Smoking has many ill effects, one of which is degeneration of the disc.
Smoking has no effect on the oral clearance of quetiapine.
Smoking has no preservative effect.
Smoking has no redeeming features.
Smoking has no value.
Smoking has several harmful effects on cholesterol.
Smoking has significant implications for the drug therapy of a wide variety of conditions.
Smoking has the ability to kill.
Smoking has the highest percentage of deaths compared to other addictive drugs and alcohol.
Smoking has well known adverse health consequences including being a cause of carcinoma of the lung.
Smoking has well-established procoagulant and coronary vasoconstrictive effects.
Smoking helps a lot.
Smoking helps make the hide waterproof as well.
Smoking helps preserve fish by reducing moisture content, thereby retarding the growth of bacteria.
Smoking helps promote cancers of the bladder, pancreas, kidney, stomach and cervix.
Smoking helps reduce stress.
Smoking helps to relieve anxiety, depression, anger, and boredom.
Smoking hinders the bones' ability to heal.
Smoking holds the potential for generating a broad range of negative consequences.
Smoking hurts a teen's physical fitness in terms of poor performance and endurance.
Smoking hurts others.
Smoking hurts the public health.
Smoking imparts the flavors of the wood into the meat.
Smoking implies the responsibility is due to an individual's behaviour.
Smoking imposes costs on society.
Smoking imposes no costs on the nation's taxpayers that go uncompensated.
Smoking improves dental health.
Smoking inappropriately can cause fire hazards.
Smoking includes the carrying of a lighted cigarette, cigar or pipe.
Smoking increases a person's risk of heart disease, cancer and stroke.
Smoking increases a woman's chance of developing several types of cancer, including breast cancer.
Smoking increases a woman's risk of heart disease, stroke, and many forms of cancer.
Smoking increases a woman's risk of reproductive disorders.
Smoking increases acid production and weakens the lower esophageal sphincter.
Smoking increases an adolescent's susceptibility to depression, according to a study.
Smoking increases blood concentrations almost as fast as injections.
Smoking increases blood pressure.
Smoking increases blood sugar levels making it harder to control.
Smoking increases conversion of lactate to glucose during submaximal exercise.
Smoking increases impotence risk.
Smoking increases infant mortality and low birth weight.
Smoking increases lead levels in the body.
Smoking increases lung congestion and risk of complications.
Smoking increases muscle activity and can contribute significantly to wrinkles.
Smoking increases risks and can lengthen the healing time.
Smoking increases tension.
Smoking increases the chance for cardiovascular disease and osteoporosis.
Smoking increases the chance of developing cataracts and other eye diseases.
Smoking increases the chance of developing colorectal, bladder, kidney, and pancreatic cancers.
Smoking increases the chance of getting cervical cancer.
Smoking increases the chance of impotence in males.
Smoking increases the chance of serious side effects.
Smoking increases the heart rate for a given level of exercise.
Smoking increases the incidence of infection, cough, and sputum production.
Smoking increases the likelihood of getting acute bacterial bronchitis.
Smoking increases the likelihood of infection, cough and sputum production.
Smoking increases the likelihood of infection, cough, and sputum production.
Smoking increases the likelihood of premature birth.
Smoking increases the production of mucous in the nose and sinuses.
Smoking increases the risk factor.
Smoking increases the risk for cancers of the bladder, pancreas, kidney, and cervix.
Smoking increases the risk for cancers of the urinary tract.
Smoking increases the risk for facial wrinkling two to three times for white men and women.
Smoking increases the risk for lung cancer by a factor of ten.
Smoking increases the risk for lung cancer.
Smoking increases the risk in all cases.
Smoking increases the risk of cervical cancer.
Smoking increases the risk of complications and delays healing.
Smoking increases the risk of developing the disorder.
Smoking increases the risk of exposure to radon.
Smoking increases the risk of hardening of the arteries, which decreases sexual response.
Smoking increases the risk of heart attack, stroke, blood clots and death.
Smoking increases the risk of heart attacks.
Smoking increases the risk of heart disease caused by hypertension.
Smoking increases the risk of heart disease, which is America's number one killer.
Smoking increases the risk of liver cancer.
Smoking increases the risk of losing a genetically normal baby.
Smoking increases the risk of lung cancer and heart disease.
Smoking increases the risk of lung cancer tenfold.
Smoking increases the risk of lung cancer.
Smoking increases the risk of osteoporosis in both men and women.
Smoking increases the risk of side effects.
Smoking increases the risk of skin loss with both rhytidectomy and abdominoplasty.
Smoking increases the risk of stroke.
Smoking increases the risk.
Smoking increases the risks and dangers of everything exponentially.
Smoking increases the risks of emphysema, bronchitis, asthma, and heart disease.
Smoking increases the sensitivity on nicotine receptors in the brain.
Smoking increases the smoker's risk of developing psoriasis.
Smoking increases the toxic load in the body and probably contributes to arthritis.
Smoking increases vitamin requirements.
Smoking indicates an addiction to nicotine.
Smoking induces tolerance to alcohol, which decreases the aversive effects of alcohol.
Smoking infuses the meat with the preservatives inherent in the smoke from hardwoods.
Smoking inhibits the amount of blood flow which carries oxygen to the baby.
Smoking intensifies their risk.
Smoking interferes with the absorption of calcium from the intestines.
Smoking interferes with the absorption of folic acid.
Smoking interferes with the circulation of blood to the skin and can cause death of the skin flaps.
Smoking involves consuming an evil substance.
Smoking irritates inflamed nasal passages and paralyzes the cilia which clear mucus from the lungs.
Smoking irritates symptoms, too.
Smoking irritates the lining of the nose, increasing nasal secretions and swelling.
Smoking irritates the lungs and airways narrow, encouraging phlegm and making it harder to breathe.
Smoking irritates the throat and prolongs symptoms.
Smoking is a bad habit that s hard to stop.
Smoking is a bad habit.
Smoking is a behavior of the poor.
Smoking is a behavior.
Smoking is a big advertising market.
Smoking is a big culprit.
Smoking is a big issue for kids.
Smoking is a big issue in Clinton County among teens.
Smoking is a breathing
Smoking is a case in point.
Smoking is a cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is a choice, but it is a bad one.
Smoking is a clear cause of cancer.
Smoking is a clich .
Smoking is a combination of a physiological and psychological addiction according to studies.
Smoking is a common social habit and tobacco is cheap by European standards.
Smoking is a communicated disease.
Smoking is a compelling addiction, as powerful as narcotic or alcohol abuse.
Smoking is a complex social phenomenon.
Smoking is a considerable issue for some patients.
Smoking is a contributing factor in cancer of the lungs, mouth, and esophagus.
Smoking is a contributing factor, especially in younger people.
Smoking is a contributing factor.
Smoking is a controversial, hot-button issue, about which many people have strong opinions.
Smoking is a cool thing to do.
Smoking is a crutch, a coping mechanism and a dirty, filthy, disgusting habit.
Smoking is a 'current issue' that is never given the proper status of a 'current issue'.
Smoking is a dangerous and, for many, a lethal habit.
Smoking is a dangerous, filthy habit.
Smoking is a deadly addiction , responsible for three million deaths each year.
Smoking is a definite no-no.
Smoking is a definitive risk factor for the development of coated tongue.
Smoking is a difficult habit to quit.
Smoking is a difficult problem to solve.
Smoking is a dirty habit.
Smoking is a dying habit.
Smoking is a fairly safe addiction in comparison to alcohol and gambling.
Smoking is a form of air pollution.
Smoking is a form of drug addiction because tobacco contains nicotine, an addictive drug.
Smoking is a frequent cause of early miscarriage in pregnancy.
Smoking is a good case to use to learn more about kamikaze memes.
Smoking is a good example.
Smoking is a grave women's health issue.
Smoking is a habit - a way of life.
Smoking is a habit and habits can be changed.
Smoking is a habit and nicotine is addictive.
Smoking is a habit and one of the hardest to break.
Smoking is a habit of whose models are adopted in the environment.
Smoking is a habit separated from common sense, and rooted in social practice.
Smoking is a habit.
Smoking is a habitual behavior.
Smoking is a hard habit to break.
Smoking is a hard habit to quit.
Smoking is a health hazard for everyone.
Smoking is a health hazard.
Smoking is a health risk and quitting is tough.
Smoking is a highly dangerous addiction.
Smoking is a job requirement for coaches.
Smoking is a key factor in sudden death from cardiovascular disease.
Smoking is a key risk factor for low birthweight and infant mortality.
Smoking is a known cause of cancer, heart disease, and stroke.
Smoking is a known cause of cancer, heart disease, stroke and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
Smoking is a leading cause of cataracts in the old age.
Smoking is a leading cause of emphysema.
Smoking is a leading cause of fires in many more countries.
Smoking is a leading cause of male impotence.
Smoking is a leading cause of statistics.
Smoking is a leading cause of the disease.
Smoking is a leading cause.
Smoking is a leading contributor to poor indoor air quality.
Smoking is a leading indicator in underweight and premature births.
Smoking is a leading risk factor for cancer, heart disease and respiratory illnesses.
Smoking is a learned behavior that becomes natural over time.
Smoking is a legal activity.
Smoking is a legal product.
Smoking is a leisure activity and in a free society consumers decide for themselves.
Smoking is a lightning rod for cancer and heart disease.
Smoking is a major cause of cancers of the esophagus, lung, larynx, oral cavity and pharynx.
Smoking is a major cause of cancers of the oropharynx and bladder among women.
Smoking is a major cause of coronary artery disease and stroke.
Smoking is a major cause of coronary heart disease among women.
Smoking is a major cause of coronary heart disease, which leads to heart attack.
Smoking is a major cause of dyspepsia and slows the healing of ulcers.
Smoking is a major cause of emphysema, lung cancer, and chronic bronchitis.
Smoking is a major cause of emphysema.
Smoking is a major cause of fatal apartment fires.
Smoking is a major cause of heart and blood vessel disease.
Smoking is a major cause of heart disease, America's leading cause of death.
Smoking is a major cause of heart disease.
Smoking is a major cause of hoarseness.
Smoking is a major cause of ill health and the nation's high health care bill.
Smoking is a major cause of lung cancer, and one of the most preventable.
Smoking is a major cause of lung disease, coronary heart disease, and stroke.
Smoking is a major cause of oxidative damage.
Smoking is a major cause of sore throats.
Smoking is a major health problem and physicians are eager to help.
Smoking is a major preventable risk factor for both.
Smoking is a major risk factor for cancer of the mouth, larynx, esophagus, kidney and bladder.
Smoking is a major risk factor for cancer.
Smoking is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease and aggravates high blood pressure.
Smoking is a major risk factor for coronary artery disease.
Smoking is a major risk factor for developing macular degeneration.
Smoking is a major risk factor for heart attack.
Smoking is a major risk factor for heart attacks and sudden cardiac death.
Smoking is a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke, lung cancer and various other cancers.
Smoking is a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke, lung cancer, and chronic lung diseases.
Smoking is a major risk factor for heart disease.
Smoking is a major risk factor for oral and dental disease, including oral cancer.
Smoking is a major risk factor for peripheral vascular disease.
Smoking is a major risk factor for strokes.
Smoking is a major risk factor in stroke and speeds up clogging of arteries.
Smoking is a major risk factor of peripheral vascular disease.
Smoking is a major risk factor.
Smoking is a major risk for heart disease.
Smoking is a major risk for several diseases including heart disease, stroke, and several cancers.
Smoking is a major source of indoor air pollutants.
Smoking is a matter of personal choice.
Smoking is a necessary and sufficient cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is a negative factor.
Smoking is a no-brainer.
Smoking is a no-no on flights inside the United States.
Smoking is a no-no.
Smoking is a part of a rich cultural heritage and an art form that is sadly dying out.
Smoking is a partial sin.
Smoking is a pediatric disease.
Smoking is a personal choice.
Smoking is a personal decision.
Smoking is a person's habit.
Smoking is a physical addiction and a behavioral addiction.
Smoking is a pleasure that can lead to death.
Smoking is a pleasure.
Smoking is a poor delivery system that exposes the person to harmful substances.
Smoking is a potential cause of fire almost everywhere.
Smoking is a powerful addiction.
Smoking is a powerful physical and psychological addiction.
Smoking is a predisposing cause for mammary duct ectasia.
Smoking is a predisposing factor.
Smoking is a primitive drug delivery system.
Smoking is a private thing, specially for women.
Smoking is a public health hazard, health officials say.
Smoking is a public nuisance that causes health problems in many people.
Smoking is a real breath killer, which can only be controlled by quitting.
Smoking is a recipe for creating cardiovascular catastrophes.
Smoking is a reward.
Smoking is a ridiculous habit.
Smoking is a risk facto.
Smoking is a risk factor for blood clotting problems associated with oral contraceptives.
Smoking is a risk factor for colon cancer.
Smoking is a risk factor for developing rheumatoid arthritis.
Smoking is a 'risk factor' for getting asthma.
Smoking is a risk factor for many cancers.
Smoking is a risk factor for many health problems, including heart disease, stroke, and cancer.
Smoking is a risk factor in throat and lung cancer.
Smoking is a risk factor inferring a minor increase in risk.
Smoking is a risk factor that people can control,'' Smaha notes.
Smoking is a risk factor, since nicotine constricts blood vessels.
Smoking is a risk for premature menopause.
Smoking is a risk for stroke, cholesterol is an indirect risk for stroke.
Smoking is a risk, as are many other things in life.
Smoking is a risky pleasure.
Smoking is a ritualistic activity.
Smoking is a self-destructive behavior.
Smoking is a serious health threat in many ways.
Smoking is a serious problem for employees and employers.
Smoking is a serious, serious risk factor.
Smoking is a short-term want.
Smoking is a sign of individual expression and peace of mind.
Smoking is a significant cause of the disease.
Smoking is a significant contributor to many diseases.
Smoking is a significant deterrent to good healing.
Smoking is a significant factor in the occurrence and severity of peptic ulcers.
Smoking is a significant risk factor.
Smoking is a source of pleasure to many people.
Smoking is a stimulant.
Smoking is a strong risk factor for cardiovascular disease.
Smoking is a strong risk factor for heart disease.
Smoking is a stupid thing to do.
Smoking is a suspected cause of infertility.
Smoking is a symbol of the fire in the mind, the fire of ideas.
Smoking is a synthesis of fire and smoke, such powerful archetypal images.
Smoking is a terrible thing.
Smoking is a terrible, disgusting, stinky habit.
Smoking is a third risk factor.
Smoking is a touchy subject.
Smoking is a tough addiction to conquer and requires real commitment and the desire to stop smoking.
Smoking is a traditional method of food conservation for meat and fish.
Smoking is a true form of drug addiction and that is exactly how it's treated.
Smoking is a type of immune deficiency.
Smoking is a very addictive habit that is difficult to break.
Smoking is a very addictive type of drug abuse.
Smoking is a very difficult habit to break.
Smoking is a very personal thing.
Smoking is a very physical and mental addiction.
Smoking is a very powerful, very deadly addiction.
Smoking is a very serious health problem in Australia.
Smoking is a very social activity in Argentina.
Smoking is a very strong risk factor for heart disease and stroke.
Smoking is a very stupid thing to do for many reasons.
Smoking is a very tough addiction.
Smoking is a vice and there are many more harmful vices out there.
Smoking is a way of letting the creative process take form.
Smoking is a way of life.
Smoking is a way to be different from our health-inspired elders.
Smoking is a way to lose weight for some kids.
Smoking is a well demonstrated etiologic factor in the development of small cell tumors.
Smoking is a whole experience that's impossible to describe to an incognocenti.
Smoking is a woman's number one risk factor for heart disease.
Smoking is acceptable in our hotel lounge and designated areas of our restaurant.
Smoking is acceptable in our hotel lounge and in designated areas of our restaurant.
Smoking is acceptable in the plaza and on the lawn.
Smoking is acceptable unless notified otherwise.
Smoking is acceptable unless otherwise stated.
Smoking is acceptable unless stated otherwise.
Smoking is accepted except where indicated.
Smoking is accepted in most public places.
Smoking is addictive , i.e., induces impaired reasoning, the link to crime .
Smoking is addictive and expensive.
Smoking is addictive It only takes a short time to become addicted to nicotine.
Smoking is addictive, both physically and mentally.
Smoking is addictive.
Smoking is addressed as a major risk factor in cardiovascular disease.
Smoking is against the rules set forth by the school district.
Smoking is almost never acceptable indoors, except in areas specifically designated for smoking.
Smoking is already off limits in city government buildings and one city park.
Smoking is also a bit expensive.
Smoking is also a concern.
Smoking is also a curious issue here.
Smoking is also a factor in some types of colon cancer.
Smoking is also a factor to consider in the design of an exhibit as well.
Smoking is also a fire and safety hazard.
Smoking is also a fire hazard and nicotine if ingested can poison children.
Smoking is also a major cause of cancers of the larynx, mouth, and esophagus.
Smoking is also a major cause of stroke.
Smoking is also a major contributor to the progression of coronary artery disease.
Smoking is also a major factor in coronary heart disease, stroke, and asthma.
Smoking is also a major risk factor for heart disease, stroke emphysema and many other cancers.
Smoking is also a problem, though smoking rates have gone down over the past few decades.
Smoking is also a risk factor for back pain.
Smoking is also a risk factor for other cancers.
Smoking is also a risk factor for stroke, which is the third leading killer of women.
Smoking is also a risk factor.
Smoking is also a risk.
Smoking is also a severe oxidative stress and causes inflammation in the lung.
Smoking is also an inappropriate habit and unbecoming to the spiritual character of the priesthood.
Smoking is also bad for our environment.
Smoking is also bad news for people with asthma.
Smoking is also common in films deemed suitable for young audiences.
Smoking is also dangerous if a mother is breastfeeding.
Smoking is also expensive for companies.
Smoking is also harmful to the developing foetus.
Smoking is also harmful to the human mind and reason.
Smoking is also notable in that it is the leading cause of premature death.
Smoking is also one source of the air pollution.
Smoking is also related to hormonal problems for both men and women.
Smoking is also related to occupation.
Smoking is also related with decreased hip bone density in old age.
Smoking is also responsible for most cancers of the larynx , oral cavity, and esophagus .
Smoking is also responsible for most cancers of the larynx, oral cavity, and esophagus.
Smoking is also stressful on the body.
Smoking is also the leading cause of chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Smoking is also the major cause of cancer of the mouth , larynx , throat , and esophagus .
Smoking is also the major cause of cancers of the mouth, voice box, and throat.
Smoking is also the major cause of chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Smoking is also the major cause of emphysema.
Smoking is also the single greatest cause of cancer mortality.
Smoking is also very addictive because of the nicotine that comes in the cigarettes.
Smoking is also very strongly discouraged.
Smoking is always a bad choice, but it s especially bad right before bedtime.
Smoking is always a bad idea, and especially around someone who has asthma.
Smoking is always to be discouraged.
Smoking is an activity to be undertaken only by adults .
Smoking is an addiction and needs to be handled sensitively.
Smoking is an addiction that is physical, psychological and behavioral.
Smoking is an addiction, and most people find quitting a challenge.
Smoking is an addiction.
Smoking is an addictive chemical disorder. . . .
Smoking is an addictive habit that is very hard to break.
Smoking is an addictive habit.
Smoking is an adult custom.
Smoking is an adult decision.
Smoking is an adult habit.
Smoking is an all or nothing proposition.
Smoking is an avoidable cause of death.
Smoking is an established aggravating factor.
Smoking is an example of high hazard, low outrage.
Smoking is an example.
Smoking is an excellent example.
Smoking is an expensive habit to maintain.
Smoking is an expensive habit.
Smoking is an identifiable and quantifiable behavior.
Smoking is an immediate cause.
Smoking is an important aspect of certain ceremonies.
Smoking is an important cofactor.
Smoking is an important factor in causing disorders of the stomach and duodenum.
Smoking is an indication of a risk-taking person.
Smoking is an individual right or choice.
Smoking is an inefficient and potentially deadly means of drug administration.
Smoking is an intensely addicting illness.
Smoking is an interacting variable.
Smoking is an obvious choice for elimination.
Smoking is an old, very American way of cooking, and a pretty delicious one at that.
Smoking is an outstanding route of administration.
Smoking is an unequivocal evil that needs to be stamped out.
Smoking is an unhealthy and dangerous habit.
Smoking is an unhealthy habit.
Smoking is another ancient and common means of chemical food preservation.
Smoking is another ancient means of chemical food preservation.
Smoking is another cause of hoarseness.
Smoking is another cause of stomach distress.
Smoking is another culprit as is overindulgence in alcohol.
Smoking is another danger to our collections.
Smoking is another example of how early treatment options can have a big impact on outcomes.
Smoking is another example.
Smoking is another factor that raises the risk of ear infections.
Smoking is another habit most people pick up in their teens.
Smoking is another important factor.
Smoking is another important source of cadmium.
Smoking is another important source of cyanide.
Smoking is another important source of formaldehyde.
Smoking is another insidious oral evil perpetrated on the public.
Smoking is another insidious toxin.
Smoking is another risk factor for cervical cancer.
Smoking is another risk factor for developing cervical cancer.
Smoking is another risk factor, of course for mothers, but also for their infants.
Smoking is another risk factor.
Smoking is arguably the most important public health issue of the day.
Smoking is as addictive as heroin and cocaine.
Smoking is associated with albuminuria and abnormal renal function.
Smoking is associated with an increase in heart attacks and stroke.
Smoking is associated with an increase in the incidence of rheumatoid arthritis.
Smoking is associated with back and neck pain.
Smoking is associated with cancers of the mouth, esophagus, pancreas, cervix, kidney, and bladder.
Smoking is associated with complications of pregnancy, early menopause, and reduced fertility.
Smoking is associated with early menopause.
Smoking is associated with half of all coronary events in women.
Smoking is associated with higher risk of infant death.
Smoking is associated with less education and with risk taking.
Smoking is associated with low birth weight and infant deaths.
Smoking is associated with lung, throat and mouth and bladder cancers.
Smoking is associated with many other risky behaviors, such as fighting and having unprotected sex.
Smoking is associated with other risky behaviors, such as fighting and engaging in unprotected sex.
Smoking is associated with pleasure because the nicotine in tobacco is an addictive drug.
Smoking is associated with shortened duration of breastfeeding and decreased milk volumes.
Smoking is at an all-time low on the acceptance scale.
Smoking is available in the bar or on the patio.
Smoking is available on porches.
Smoking is bad .
Smoking is bad for all age groups.
Smoking is bad for anyone but even worse for people with diabetes.
Smoking is bad for Crohn s disease and seems to be somewhat protective against ulcerative colitis.
Smoking is bad for everyone, but particularly for people with asthma.
Smoking is bad for everyone.
Smoking is bad for many conditions including osteoporosis.
Smoking is BAD for our health.
Smoking is bad for our respiratory system.
Smoking is bad for serious injuries.
Smoking is bad habits.
Smoking is bad, as is knuckle cracking.
Smoking is bad.
Smoking Is Bad.
Smoking is banned around patients, even if the patient is smoking.
Smoking is banned in all areas of our offices except the smoking lounge.
Smoking is banned in all campus buildings resulting in entries serving as smoking areas.
Smoking is banned in all day care centres, creches, after school clubs.
Smoking is banned in all public buildings in Wilton.
Smoking is banned in all public places in Scotland.
Smoking is banned in all rooms, at the pool deck, the corridors, even the sidewalks.
Smoking is banned in California bars.
Smoking is banned in guest rooms and in public areas.
Smoking is banned in health care institutions, except in designated smoking areas.
Smoking is banned in many public areas and facilities.
Smoking is banned in many public places and transit vehicles.
Smoking is banned in most federally regulated workplaces, such as banks and government offices.
Smoking is banned in most public buildings.
Smoking is banned in most public places in Stockholm, on public transport, in stores etc.
Smoking is banned in public transport vehicles.
Smoking is banned in taxi cabs.
Smoking is banned inside all school buildings.
Smoking is banned on all domestic flights within the United States and Canada.
Smoking is banned on all flights less than six hours.
Smoking is banned on all flights of less than two hours operated by national air carriers.
Smoking is banned on domestic airline flights and flights to Singapore.
Smoking is banned on most public transport including buses, trains, planes and taxis.
Smoking is banned on some flights to the South Pacific.
Smoking is banned on U.S. passenger flights of less than six hours' duration.
Smoking is banned within all airport terminals within Australia.
Smoking is banned, period.
Smoking is banned.
Smoking is believed to damage blood vessels, inhibiting the blood flow to the penis.
Smoking is believed to have started with cocoa leaves somewhere in Peru and in Latin America.
Smoking is believed to lead to an increased production of free radicals above normal levels.
Smoking is believed to start at a very early age in Ukraine.
Smoking is by far the leading cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is by far the leading risk factor for lung cancer.
Smoking is by far the most significant risk factor for bladder cancer.
Smoking is by far the number one cause of lung cancer .
Smoking is by host preogative.
Smoking is by host prerogative.
Smoking is categorized as either smoker or non-smoker.
Smoking is clearly an aggravating factor.
Smoking is common among males of all ages and in all areas.
Smoking is common and acceptable unless specified otherwise.
Smoking is common and codes of practice concerning smoking are the same as in Europe.
Smoking is common even in many hospitals.
Smoking is confined to outdoor space, with ashtrays provided at entrances to each building.
Smoking is confined to the downstairs.
Smoking is confined to the front and back patios.
Smoking is confined to the outside area.
Smoking is considerably less common in nearly every age group of adult women than it used to be.
Smoking is considered a cofactor for the disease to develop.
Smoking is considered a major risk factor.
Smoking is considered a trigger for asthma.
Smoking is considered a very anti-social habit in North America.
Smoking is considered by some girls to be the solution to their anxiety.
Smoking is cool.
Smoking IS cool.
Smoking is damaging to the blood supply.
Smoking is dangerous for many reasons including the hazard of falling asleep with a lit cigarette.
Smoking is dangerous for nonsmokers who breathe the smoke from smokers' cigarettes.
Smoking is dangerous to health.
Smoking is dangerous to the health.
Smoking is dangerous.
Smoking is deeply ingrained in prison culture.
Smoking is defined as a lighted cigar, cigarette, pipe, or any other lit tobacco product.
Smoking is definitely a health risk.
Smoking is definitely a very important confounding factor.
Smoking is described as the most preventable cause of disease in the country.
Smoking is detrimental to maintaining good health.
Smoking is detrimental to vocal fold tissues.
Smoking is different from drinking because everybody is affected.
Smoking is discouraged but permitted in designated areas.
Smoking is discouraged inside the cabin.
Smoking is discouraged, but sometimes permitted, depending on the location.
Smoking is discouraged.
Smoking is disproportionately high among the more disadvantaged.
Smoking is distressingly common among hospitalized psychiatric patients.
Smoking is done automatically without even thinking about it.
Smoking is down in both countries, as is littering.
Smoking is easy to start, hard to quit.
Smoking is easy.
Smoking is encouraged on the downstairs rear porch.
Smoking is enough to make any health-conscious mother annoyed and angry.
Smoking is equally popular among the poor, the middle class and the rich.
Smoking is especially bothersome.
Smoking is especially related to cervical carotid atherosclerosis.
Smoking is estimated to be the single largest cause of preventable deaths in the United States.
Smoking is everyone's choice.
Smoking is evidence of addiction and therefore a lack of self-control.
Smoking is expensive for smokers and for their employers.
Smoking is expensive.
Smoking is extremely expensive.
Smoking is far more common in lower social classes.
Smoking is far more dangerous than the pill.
Smoking is fine everywhere on the property.
Smoking is fine.
Smoking is for adults only.
Smoking is for Grownups.
Smoking is for the birds.
Smoking is for the young.
Smoking is forbidden except in smoking areas.
Smoking is forbidden in all campus buildings by state law.
Smoking is forbidden in all library rooms.
Smoking is forbidden in all public transport and public buildings.
Smoking is forbidden in all university buildings and vehicles.
Smoking is forbidden in hospitals and clinics, but in many cases the ban is ignored.
Smoking is forbidden in most enclosed public places other than bars and small restaurants.
Smoking is forbidden in the Library and the Computer Suite.
Smoking is forbidden in workplaces, schools, hospitals and in public transport.
Smoking is forbidden inside all government premises.
Smoking is forbidden inside public vehicles.
Smoking is forbidden on school grounds.
Smoking is forbidden on the school premises.
Smoking is forbidden throughout the building.
Smoking is forbidden.
Smoking is frowned upon.
Smoking is full of intriguing paradoxes.
Smoking is fun.
Smoking is glamorous.
Smoking is hard habit to give up.
Smoking is harmful because it affects others and makes smokers feel bad.
Smoking is harmful in many ways, but it is most harmful to our lungs.
Smoking is harmful to fetus.
Smoking is harmful to our bodies in many ways, but it is the most harmful to the lungs.
Smoking is hazardous to health.
Smoking is hazardous to our camper's health.
Smoking is hazardous, at least sometimes.
Smoking is higher among young women than young men, although males tend to smoke more heavily.
Smoking is human activities.
Smoking is identified as the number one preventable cause of death in most western nations.
Smoking is illegal anywhere on the underground system.
Smoking is illegal at all test sites.
Smoking is in designated areas only.
Smoking is in.
Smoking is increasingly popular among young adults.
Smoking is indeed a public-health issue and a national issue, at that.
Smoking is intended to be an adult decision.
Smoking is interesting, though, in that it used to be common among people with more education.
Smoking is just a bad habit.
Smoking is just a memory, solid sleep routine, and bald heads grow hair again.
Smoking is just as common in youth-rated movies as in films rated for mature audiences.
Smoking is just one of many factors.
Smoking is just one of their many unhealthy habits.
Smoking is just really bad for sexual health.
Smoking is known to aggravate the effects of exposure.
Smoking is known to be the leading cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is known to bring on menopause more quickly, and have an antiestrogenic effect on women.
Smoking is known to cause bladder cancer.
Smoking is known to cause heart disease, emphysema, and several types of cancer.
Smoking is known to cause lung cancer, and new evidence also links it to breast cancer.
Smoking is known to cause lung cancer.
Smoking is known to depress antioxidants and to alter choroidal blood flow.
Smoking is known to increase osteoporosis.
Smoking is known to increase the use of other addictive substances, such as heroin and cocaine.
Smoking is known to reduce sperm count, as well as the quality and viability of sperm.
Smoking is known to reduce the level of macular pigments.
Smoking is largely acceptable, but becoming more unpopular.
Smoking is legal there though.
Smoking is like a normal every day thing that occurs.
Smoking is like having a whole other cabinet of spices.
Smoking is like living in a toxic waste dump.
Smoking is like Russian roulette with worse odds.
Smoking is limited and social drinking is accepted.
Smoking is limited to exterior areas only.
Smoking is limited to our outdoor facilities.
Smoking is limited to our outside porches only.
Smoking is limited to our veranda area only.
Smoking is limited to outdoor areas.
Smoking is limited to outdoor porches and piazzas.
Smoking is limited to outside areas of the inn.
Smoking is limited to outside areas only, and receptacles for smoking materials are provided.
Smoking is limited to outside areas only.
Smoking is limited to outside areas.
Smoking is limited to outside only.
Smoking is limited to outside porches, with fine cigars available for purchase.
Smoking is limited to outside verandas and gardens.
Smoking is limited to porches only.
Smoking is limited to the decks and posted areas only.
Smoking is limited to the designated area only.
Smoking is limited to the exterior observation deck.
Smoking is limited to the garden and porch.
Smoking is limited to the grounds.
Smoking is limited to the outdoor area.
Smoking is limited to the outdoors.
Smoking is limited to the outside garden courtyard, private balconies and roof deck.
Smoking is limited to the outside garden courtyard, private balconies and roofdeck.
Smoking is limited to the outside porch and garden areas.
Smoking is limited to the porch and grounds .
Smoking is limited to the porch areas only.
Smoking is limited to the porches and deck.
Smoking is limited to the porches and grounds.
Smoking is limited to the portico and grounds.
Smoking is limited to the upper parking lot beyond and away from the bridge.
Smoking is limited to the veranda.
Smoking is limited, and social drinking is accepted.
Smoking is limited.
Smoking is linked to cancer of the lung, mouth, larynx and oesophagus.
Smoking is linked to lower birth weight, douching to reduced fertility.
Smoking is linked to stroke and a long list of other life-threatening conditions.
Smoking is linked with a cosmopolitan lifestyle.
Smoking is linked with a number of cancers including cancer of the lung, bladder, mouth, and cervix.
Smoking is linked with emphysema, chronic bronchitis and other respiratory ailments.
Smoking is linked with the production of rheumatoid factor.
Smoking is located just outside on the sidewalk area in front of the building.
Smoking is more addictive than cocaine or heroin.
Smoking is more common among men and adults living below the poverty line.
Smoking is more prevalent among poor people.
Smoking is more prevalent in the more disadvantaged social classes.
Smoking is more than a chemical bond.
Smoking is more than a habit.
Smoking is much more common among teens living in less advantaged circumstances.
Smoking is much more common among women with fewer years of education.
Smoking is much more prevalent in some areas of the world with the attendant fire risks.
Smoking is nasty.
Smoking is nearly always the main cause of emphysema.
Smoking is never a subject that restaurants want any input in their reports.
Smoking is never the answer to any problem.
Smoking is no accident.
Smoking is no beauty accessory.
Smoking is no less an addiction than drugs.
Smoking is no longer cool.
Smoking is no longer just a problem, it is an epidemic that is expanding nationally and globally.
Smoking is obviously a no-no.
Smoking is obviously dangerous on the battlefield at night.
Smoking is often a dissociated activity.
Smoking is often one of the major causes of heart disease.
Smoking is often the hidden cause of the disease recorded as responsible for death.
Smoking is ok.
Smoking is okay, light drinker.
Smoking is okay.
Smoking is on the decline, hence there is less demand for tobacco.
Smoking is on the fast track to becoming the nation's most popular unpopular habit.
Smoking is on the increase among young people in both countries.
Smoking is on the rise among almost all categories of Indiana' s children.
Smoking is on the rise on college campuses.
Smoking is one cause.
Smoking is one major concern many respondents mentioned.
Smoking is one more thing to divert their eye from the road.
Smoking is one of American women's greatest health risks.
Smoking is one of many factors that can make a pregnancy high-risk.
Smoking is one of the baddest habits ever.
Smoking is one of the biggest factors contributing to heart disease.
Smoking is one of the biggest health problems facing our country today.
Smoking is one of the biggest risk factors in cervical abnormalities.
Smoking is one of the dinner courses.
Smoking is one of the greatest causes of stroke.
Smoking is one of the greatest preventable causes of disease today.
Smoking is one of the hardest thing to quit.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of all statistics.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of death in the United States.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of fires.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
Smoking is one of the leading causes that start teens on drugs.
Smoking is one of the main causes of debilitating diseases such as emphysema.
Smoking is one of the main factors which cause heart disease.
Smoking is one of the main risk factors for both stroke and heart disease.
Smoking is one of the major causes of disease and death in the United States.
Smoking is one of the major causes of illness and early death.
Smoking is one of the major risk factors for periodontal disease.
Smoking is one of the many factors affecting cardiovascular disease statistics.
Smoking is one of the more obvious.
Smoking is one of the most common causes of cancer, particularly lung cancer.
Smoking is one of the most common triggers.
Smoking is one of the most costly habits.
Smoking is one of the most difficult addictions to overcome.
Smoking is one of the most important causes of preventable deaths in the world.
Smoking is one of the most important risk factors for pancreatic cancer.
Smoking is one of the most preventable determinants of low birth weight .
Smoking is one of the most significant public health problem in Hungary today.
Smoking is one of the principal irritants.
Smoking is one of the risk factors that can be modified by a patient.
Smoking is one of the three main risk factors for coronary heart disease.
Smoking is one of the worst things kids or adults can do to their bodies.
Smoking is one of three major independent causes of coronary heart disease.
Smoking is one of today's major preventable health threats to children.
Smoking is one sign of working-class membership.
Smoking is only on the lanais, please.
Smoking is only one risk factor.
Smoking is optional, but breathing is a necessity.
Smoking is optional.
Smoking is orally gratifying.
Smoking is out of favor.
Smoking is out.
Smoking is outdoors only.
Smoking is outlawed in most public places and offices.
Smoking is outside in designated areas only.
Smoking is outside only.
Smoking is outside.
Smoking is part of adolescent experimentation and rebellion.
Smoking is particularily hazardous to the female reproductive tract.
Smoking is particularly dangerous for teens because their bodies are still developing.
Smoking is particularly dangerous for women who have other risk factors for osteoporosis.
Smoking is particularly dangerous in an adolescent.
Smoking is particularly harmful for pregnant women and their unborn children.
Smoking is particularly hazardous in persons at increased cardiovascular risk.
Smoking is particularly risky for people who have heart disease or high blood pressure.
Smoking is perceived as an appropriate way to control weight.
Smoking is perhaps a bad habit.
Smoking is permissible in the garden only.
Smoking is permissible only outside no the hospital grounds.
Smoking is permited in open areas.
Smoking is permited in the plaza outside of the amphitheater.
Smoking is permited only in the extreme left and right field corners, in the grassy areas.
Smoking is permited outdoors.
Smoking is permitted and non-smoking rooms are available.
Smoking is permitted and seating is general admission at tables, couches and the bar, so come early.
Smoking is permitted and the restaurant is handicap accessible.
Smoking is permitted and the restaurant is handicapped accessible.
Smoking is permitted as requested by the party.
Smoking is permitted at a few back tables only.
Smoking is permitted at designated exterior entrances to facilities.
Smoking is permitted at designated outside areas only .
Smoking is permitted at the bar after dining hours.
Smoking is permitted at the bar.
Smoking is permitted at the beach.
Smoking is permitted at the rear of the coach on longer journeys.
Smoking is permitted but only in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted but only in the center section of seats.
Smoking is permitted during breaks in areas of meeting facilities where indicated.
Smoking is permitted everywhere else on the island.
Smoking is permitted except in the lodge.
Smoking is permitted generally in outside grounds areas.
Smoking is permitted here as well as on the front and back covered porches.
Smoking is permitted here.
Smoking is permitted in a patient room only if there is a physician's order.
Smoking is permitted in a student's room only when the door is closed.
Smoking is permitted in air-conditioned pubs, discos, karaoke bars and nightspots.
Smoking is permitted in all apartments.
Smoking is permitted in all designated outside areas.
Smoking is permitted in all public rooms apart from the dining room.
Smoking is permitted in all rooms.
Smoking is permitted in an outdoor area.
Smoking is permitted in areas specifically designated and posted as smoking areas.
Smoking is permitted in bar area only with proper ventilation.
Smoking is permitted in cabins only .
Smoking is permitted in certain outside areas.
Smoking is permitted in courtyards.
Smoking is permitted in desginated areas only.
Smoking is permitted in designated and posted smoking sections of dining areas.
Smoking is permitted in designated areas of the restaurant and lounge.
Smoking is permitted in designated areas on the terrace or in the gazebo.
Smoking is permitted in designated areas only.
Smoking is permitted in designated areas outside of the theatre.
Smoking is permitted in designated areas outside the building.
Smoking is permitted in designated areas outside.
Smoking is permitted in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted in designated ares.
Smoking is permitted in designated lodging rooms only.
Smoking is permitted in designated outdoor areas only.
Smoking is permitted in designated outdoor areas.
Smoking is permitted in designated outdoors areas only.
Smoking is permitted in designated residential areas only.
Smoking is permitted in designated smoking areas.
Smoking is permitted in designated smoking shelters.
Smoking is permitted in designated student residence rooms only.
Smoking is permitted in different locations in the house.
Smoking is permitted in dining areas and airline clubs only.
Smoking is permitted in dining areas only in designated and posted smoking sections.
Smoking is permitted in each concourse near the snack bar in designated areas only.
Smoking is permitted in gardens.
Smoking is permitted in individual accommodations of some sleeping cars.
Smoking is permitted in individual apartments.
Smoking is permitted in individual resident rooms upon agreement of all roommates.
Smoking is permitted in individual rooms as long as the door is closed.
Smoking is permitted in individual rooms only when the door to the room is closed.
Smoking is permitted in indoor cultural events, recreational facilities and tobacco establishments.
Smoking is permitted in lounges only.
Smoking is permitted in most areas of the terminal, though there are designated smoking areas.
Smoking is permitted in one section of the restaurant.
Smoking is permitted in open areas.
Smoking is permitted in or adjacent to buildings in locations with an ashtray.
Smoking is permitted in our lobby, lounge, and verandas.
Smoking is permitted in outdoor workplaces, unless an employer or a local ordinance bans it.
Smoking is permitted in outside areas only.
Smoking is permitted in outside areas.
Smoking is permitted in outside designated areas only .
Smoking is permitted in outside designated areas only.
Smoking is permitted in parts of some premises under exemptions.
Smoking is permitted in patio areas only.
Smoking is permitted in performance and when essential for rehearsal.
Smoking is permitted in private offices only.
Smoking is permitted in private offices.
Smoking is permitted in properties the university has leased to others.
Smoking is permitted in public areas and outside.
Smoking is permitted in residence hall rooms on smoking floors only.
Smoking is permitted in resident's rooms and public areas except the cafeteria and the study room.
Smoking is permitted in restaurant, bar, porches, or terrace.
Smoking is permitted in selected indoor locations and outdoor smoking shelter locations.
Smoking is permitted in smoking areas.
Smoking is permitted in some areas.
Smoking is permitted in some units.
Smoking is permitted in the bar area only.
Smoking is permitted in the bar, but the dining rooms are smoke-free.
Smoking is permitted in the bar.
Smoking is permitted in the carpark areas only.
Smoking is permitted in the concourse areas and the picnic areas.
Smoking is permitted in the enclosed bar for the convenience of our smoking patrons.
Smoking is permitted in the garden area of the Inn only.
Smoking is permitted in the garden or on the patio and balconies.
Smoking is permitted in the garden or on the verandah only.
Smoking is permitted in the garden.
Smoking is permitted in the Gardens.
Smoking is permitted in the hot tub.
Smoking is permitted in the Hunt Club Bar.
Smoking is permitted in the library only.
Smoking is permitted in the lobby only.
Smoking is permitted in the lounge bar.
Smoking is permitted in the lounge or on the deck outside of the lounge.
Smoking is permitted in the outdoor courtyard only.
Smoking is permitted in the outdoor plazas and lawn area only.
Smoking is permitted in the parking garage.
Smoking is permitted in the pool area.
Smoking is permitted in the private, enclosed offices of employees if no guest objects.
Smoking is permitted in the residence hall rooms as long as the door is closed.
Smoking is permitted in the restaurant and bar only.
Smoking is permitted in the section which used to be Gordons.
Smoking is permitted in the smoking area only.
Smoking is permitted in the smoking room available on each concourse.
Smoking is permitted in The Starlight.
Smoking is permitted in the student room if the room is on a smoking floor and the roommate agrees.
Smoking is permitted in vestibules only while on board the train.
Smoking is permitted indoors only in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted is a designated smoking room only.
Smoking is permitted occasionally in the house, but preferably outside on one of the patios.
Smoking is permitted on all open-air concourses throughout the Stadium.
Smoking is permitted on any of our outside porches.
Smoking is permitted on balconies and outside areas.
Smoking is permitted on campus grounds.
Smoking is permitted on concourse levels only.
Smoking is permitted on deck only.
Smoking is permitted on decks and at the pool area.
Smoking is permitted on decks and porches.
Smoking is permitted on front porch.
Smoking is permitted on grounds only away from other guests.
Smoking is permitted on licensed premises.
Smoking is permitted on open decks only.
Smoking is permitted on our covered porches, patio, and in our pub.
Smoking is permitted on our deck, patio and garden.
Smoking is permitted on our grounds, decks, and porches only.
Smoking is permitted on our porches or patio.
Smoking is permitted on our spacious deck.
Smoking is permitted on outdoor decks or grounds.
Smoking is permitted on outside grounds only.
Smoking is permitted on outside patios and small pets require special arrangements in advance.
Smoking is permitted on outside porches and the grounds only.
Smoking is permitted on outside porches.
Smoking is permitted on patio only.
Smoking is permitted on porches and balconies as well as on the grounds.
Smoking is permitted on porches and decks only.
Smoking is permitted on porches and grounds only.
Smoking is permitted on porches and grounds.
Smoking is permitted on porches only.
Smoking is permitted on porches or grounds only.
Smoking is permitted on some outside patios.
Smoking is permitted on the back deck which has three tables and plenty of chairs.
Smoking is permitted on the balconies only.
Smoking is permitted on the balcony and front porch only.
Smoking is permitted on the balcony and in the garden only.
Smoking is permitted on the balcony only.
Smoking is permitted on the balcony or on the screened pation.
Smoking is permitted on the balcony or outside.
Smoking is permitted on the balcony.
Smoking is permitted on the cabin's porches only.
Smoking is permitted on the City of New Orleans in the lower level of one of the coaches.
Smoking is permitted on the covered decks and balconies.
Smoking is permitted on the covered porches and patio.
Smoking is permitted on the covered porches.
Smoking is permitted on the deck only.
Smoking is permitted on the deck.
Smoking is permitted on the decks and grounds.
Smoking is permitted on the decks outside rooms and in specified locations on porches.
Smoking is permitted on the front porch.
Smoking is permitted on the gallery only and corporate rates are available.
Smoking is permitted on the grounds and in the garden.
Smoking is permitted on the grounds of the university and outside university buildings.
Smoking is permitted on the grounds only.
Smoking is permitted on the grounds.
Smoking is permitted on the lanais.
Smoking is permitted on the large, covered wrap - around porch.
Smoking is permitted on the observation deck.
Smoking is permitted on the open air decks.
Smoking is permitted on the open air porches.
Smoking is permitted on the open cars in designated areas .
Smoking is permitted on the open well deck.
Smoking is permitted on the open-air porches.
Smoking is permitted on the outdoor patio.
Smoking is permitted on the outer decks only.
Smoking is permitted on the outside covered porches, decks or balconies.
Smoking is permitted on the outside decks.
Smoking is permitted on the outside first floor porches only.
Smoking is permitted on the outside porches only.
Smoking is permitted on the outside porches.
Smoking is permitted on the outside veranda.
Smoking is permitted on the outside verandah.
Smoking is permitted on the patio and outside the East and West Vestibules.
Smoking is permitted on the patio deck or the grounds.
Smoking is permitted on the patio only.
Smoking is permitted on the patio.
Smoking is permitted on the patios, only.
Smoking is permitted on the pool deck.
Smoking is permitted on the porch and deck area.
Smoking is permitted on the porch and in the garden.
Smoking is permitted on the porch and in the guest garden only.
Smoking is permitted on the porch and patio area only.
Smoking is permitted on the porch area only.
Smoking is permitted on the porch only.
Smoking is permitted on the porch or backyard.
Smoking is permitted on the porch or in the backyard.
Smoking is permitted on the porch or in the garden area.
Smoking is permitted on the porch with care.
Smoking is permitted on the porch.
Smoking is permitted on the porches and grounds only.
Smoking is permitted on the porches and grounds.
Smoking is permitted on the porches and in the garden areas only.
Smoking is permitted on the porches and in the gardens.
Smoking is permitted on the porches and outside only.
Smoking is permitted on the property.
Smoking is permitted on the ramps of each level and in suites which are designated as smoking.
Smoking is permitted on the ship in designated areas only.
Smoking is permitted on the spirals and at ground-level plazas at all gates.
Smoking is permitted on the third floor.
Smoking is permitted on the veranda and patio only.
Smoking is permitted on the veranda only.
Smoking is permitted on the veranda.
Smoking is permitted on the verandah and in our garden areas.
Smoking is permitted on the verandah or in the outdoor garden area.
Smoking is permitted on the verandahs.
Smoking is permitted on the verandas, porches and in the garden.
Smoking is permitted on the verandas.
Smoking is permitted on the wrap around porch, and other outdoor areas.
Smoking is permitted only at break time.
Smoking is permitted only at clearly marked, designated ground level locations.
Smoking is permitted only at the bar area.
Smoking is permitted only between the exterior wall of the Stadium and the outer fence.
Smoking is permitted only in boats on the river or on sandy beaches and gravel bars.
Smoking is permitted only in designated areas at designated times.
Smoking is permitted only in designated areas found outside the building.
Smoking is permitted only in designated areas of the hospital.
Smoking is permitted only in designated areas outside of the hospital building.
Smoking is permitted only in designated areas outside.
Smoking is permitted only in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted only in designated outdoor areas.
Smoking is permitted only in designated outside areas.
Smoking is permitted only in designated smoking areas as indicated on the park map.
Smoking is permitted only in designated smoking areas.
Smoking is permitted only in guestrooms with the door closed, excluding non-smoking rooms.
Smoking is permitted only in individual rooms with the consent of the roommate.
Smoking is permitted only in individual rooms, with the permission of all residents.
Smoking is permitted only in outdoor areas.
Smoking is permitted only in outdoor, non-public areas.
Smoking is permitted only in outside designated areas.
Smoking is permitted only in posted areas.
Smoking is permitted only in private offices.
Smoking is permitted only in private rooms in housing facilities.
Smoking is permitted only in resident rooms on the ninth floor.
Smoking is permitted only in resident rooms.
Smoking is permitted only in the areas marked by signs.
Smoking is permitted only in the breezeways or on the schools upstairs deck.
Smoking is permitted only in the cozy cocktail lounge.
Smoking is permitted only in the designated area at designated times.
Smoking is permitted only in the designated smoking area.
Smoking is permitted only in the designated smoking areas.
Smoking is permitted only in the designated staff area, and never in the presence of campers.
Smoking is permitted only in the garden area.
Smoking is permitted only in the parking lot.
Smoking is permitted only in the snack bar and outdoor areas.
Smoking is permitted only on deck.
Smoking is permitted only on outside porches.
Smoking is permitted only on porches and grounds.
Smoking is permitted only on porches for the comfort of all.
Smoking is permitted only on private balconies, terraces, and grounds.
Smoking is permitted only on the balconies.
Smoking is permitted only on the decks and porches.
Smoking is permitted only on the decks.
Smoking is permitted only on the first floor terraces and in the gardens.
Smoking is permitted only on the outer decks.
Smoking is permitted only on the outside verandas and gardens.
Smoking is permitted ONLY on the outside.
Smoking is permitted only on the porch.
Smoking is permitted only on the porches or in the gardens.
Smoking is permitted only on the porches.
Smoking is permitted only on the spirals or on the plaza level at each gate.
Smoking is permitted only on the spirals or on the plaza level outside the building.
Smoking is permitted only on the verandah or in the garden.
Smoking is permitted ONLY on the wrap-around porch.
Smoking is permitted only on verandas.
Smoking is permitted only on Victorian porches.
Smoking is permitted only outdoors and on the balcony.
Smoking is permitted only outdoors.
Smoking is permitted only outside and on the porches.
Smoking is permitted only outside in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted only outside of the cave.
Smoking is permitted only outside the buildings.
Smoking is permitted only outside the inn.
Smoking is permitted only while outdoors.
Smoking is permitted onstage only as required during the action of a performance or rehearsal.
Smoking is permitted out of doors only.
Smoking is permitted outdoors in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted outdoors on decks and porches.
Smoking is permitted outdoors on patios.
Smoking is permitted outdoors ONLY away from building entryways.
Smoking is permitted outdoors only, in limited areas.
Smoking is permitted outdoors only, including private balconies and common deck area.
Smoking is permitted outdoors only.
Smoking is permitted outdoors, except within five feet of building entrances and exits.
Smoking is permitted outdoors.
Smoking is permitted outside and on the balcony only.
Smoking is permitted outside and on the porches only.
Smoking is permitted outside and on the wraparound porch.
Smoking is permitted outside buildings in limited designated smoking areas only.
Smoking is permitted outside buildings in open areas.
Smoking is permitted outside each facility.
Smoking is permitted outside in designated areas only.
Smoking is permitted outside in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted outside in the courtyard only.
Smoking is permitted outside of buildings on Mission Mill grounds.
Smoking is permitted outside of buildings only.
Smoking is permitted outside of the building in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted outside of the building in the various public areas.
Smoking is permitted outside of the building.
Smoking is permitted outside of the hostel buildings only.
Smoking is permitted outside of the Inn.
Smoking is permitted outside on our back deck.
Smoking is permitted outside on the deck.
Smoking is permitted outside on the front porch, rear deck and garden.
Smoking is permitted outside on the patio.
Smoking is permitted outside on the piazzas.
Smoking is permitted outside on the porch and deck only.
Smoking is permitted outside on the porch and in the gardens.
Smoking is permitted outside on the porch or patios only.
Smoking is permitted outside on the porches.
Smoking is permitted outside on the rear patio or in the designated tent area for picnics.
Smoking is permitted outside on the verandah and on all patios.
Smoking is permitted outside on their back deck.
Smoking is permitted outside ONLY .
Smoking is permitted outside only and no pets please.
Smoking is permitted outside only and please no pets.
Smoking is permitted outside only in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted outside only please.
Smoking is permitted outside only.
Smoking is permitted outside or in designated smoking area only.
Smoking is permitted outside the back door only.
Smoking is permitted outside the back of the facility.
Smoking is permitted outside the bowl at yard level only.
Smoking is permitted outside the building only.
Smoking is permitted outside the buildings in designated areas.
Smoking is permitted outside the buildings on campus grounds.
Smoking is permitted outside the buildings only.
Smoking is permitted outside the entrance to the building.
Smoking is permitted outside the facility only.
Smoking is permitted outside the front doors under the canopy.
Smoking is permitted outside the home.
Smoking is permitted outside the South Entrance.
Smoking is permitted outside the units, but all units are now non-smoking.
Smoking is permitted outside, at least five feet away from any main entrance or open window.
Smoking is permitted outside, at least five feet from any main entrance.
Smoking is permitted outside, during the breaks.
Smoking is permitted outside, on the north or south patios.
Smoking is permitted outside, only in the designated area.
Smoking is permitted outside.
Smoking is permitted though restricted to selected rooms only.
Smoking is permitted throughout Mexican restaurants.
Smoking is permitted throughout.
Smoking is permitted virtually everywhere.
Smoking is permitted, as are pets for an extra charge.
Smoking is permitted, except in dining room.
Smoking is permitted, outside, on the verandahs.
Smoking is permitted.
Smoking is physically and psychologically addictive.
Smoking is popular and few places have banned the butt.
Smoking is portrayed as a healthy, sexy, ordinary, fun-filled activity in advertisements.
Smoking is portrayed as an endless party.
Smoking is portrayed as being necessary in order to acquire a slim, glamorous and successful image.
Smoking is possibly the main cause of leukaemia with adults.
Smoking is pretty stupid.
Smoking is prevalent at the bar but the high ceiling helps.
Smoking is prevalent everywhere.
Smoking is prevalent in both the bar and lounge area.
Smoking is prevalent in present day Russia, yet cot death is rare in that region.
Smoking is prevalent in present-day Russia and Japan, but the cot death rates are low.
Smoking is probably less of a risk to health than breathing air tainted with toxics.
Smoking is probably one of the oldest recreational rituals.
Smoking is probably our biggest drug problem.
Smoking is probably the greatest single cause of preventable illness in the United States.
Smoking is prohib-ited in all department offices.
Smoking is proven to be good exercise for the lungs.
Smoking is quite likely the ultimate stressor.
Smoking is quite prevalent, although it is banned in all food restaurants.
Smoking is rare among females.
Smoking is really super stinky.
Smoking is rebellion.
Smoking is recognized as a leading cause of bladder cancer.
Smoking is recognized as the most important cause of bladder cancer.
Smoking is recognized as the most prevalent cause for lung cancer.
Smoking is recommended reading for both smokers and nonsmokers.
Smoking is related to more cancers, certainly lung cancer being the most obvious.
Smoking is reponsible for one in every five deaths in Britain.
Smoking is repulsive.
Smoking is responsible for about one-third of all cancer deaths.
Smoking is responsible for an estimated one in five U.S. deaths.
Smoking is responsible for changes in all parts of the body, including the digestive system.
Smoking is responsible for health problems among eighth graders.
Smoking is responsible for more than one out of every five deaths in the United States.
Smoking is responsible for one in five deaths in Canada.
Smoking is responsible for one in five deaths in the United States.
Smoking is responsible for one of every five deaths in the United States.
Smoking is responsible for one out of every five deaths in the United States.
Smoking is responsible for one out of five American deaths.
Smoking is responsible for one out of four cases of heart disease.
Smoking is responsible for one-quarter of all deaths caused by fire.
Smoking is restricted in public areas.
Smoking is restricted in some historic areas.
Smoking is restricted in some public buildings.
Smoking is restricted on public transport and in some public buildings.
Smoking is restricted on trains and ships.
Smoking is restricted to a specific area by the parking lot.
Smoking is restricted to certain areas of buildings.
Smoking is restricted to certain areas.
Smoking is restricted to certain outdoor locations.
Smoking is restricted to concourses, offices, multipurpose rooms and auxiliary spaces.
Smoking is restricted to designated areas in camp only.
Smoking is restricted to designated areas outside of the buildings.
Smoking is restricted to designated areas.
Smoking is restricted to designated smoking areas in school buildings or on school grounds.
Smoking is restricted to front porches.
Smoking is restricted to lobby area only.
Smoking is restricted to one outside area.
Smoking is restricted to open areas.
Smoking is restricted to our deck or other outside areas .
Smoking is restricted to outdoor areas during designated breaks and meals.
Smoking is restricted to outdoor areas.
Smoking is restricted to outdoors only.
Smoking is restricted to outdoors.
Smoking is restricted to outside areas.
Smoking is restricted to outside decks and balconies only.
Smoking is restricted to outside only.
Smoking is restricted to outside or on the covered porches.
Smoking is restricted to outside.
Smoking is restricted to passenger cabins, outside decks and one section of the lounge.
Smoking is restricted to porches and grounds.
Smoking is restricted to rear outdoor ramp.
Smoking is restricted to resident rooms in which both residents smoke.
Smoking is restricted to specifically designated areas outside of campus buildings and facilities.
Smoking is restricted to specified areas.
Smoking is restricted to student rooms with the consent of roommates.
Smoking is restricted to the aft sections of the upper and bridge decks.
Smoking is restricted to the deck areas.
Smoking is restricted to the garden and veranda.
Smoking is restricted to the outside decks and posted areas only.
Smoking is restricted to the outside patios only.
Smoking is restricted to the porches.
Smoking is restricted to the residents' lounge.
Smoking is restricted to the room balconies.
Smoking is restricted to the television lounge.
Smoking is restricted to the verandah.
Smoking is restricted to units with porches and patios in designated outside seating areas only.
Smoking is restricted where indicated.
Smoking is restricted.
Smoking is risky behavior.
Smoking is safer than sniffing.
Smoking is seen as rebellious or 'hard' which are seen as fashionable traits.
Smoking is seriously unhealthy.
Smoking is shown.
Smoking is SO unhealthy.
Smoking is social, more of a singles-type thing.
Smoking is socially acceptable in most societies.
Smoking is some stupid shit.
Smoking is something that is very popular with the teens.
Smoking is something to get alarmed about.
Smoking is still a national problem, however.
Smoking is still a personal choice.
Smoking is still grounds for being disfellowshipped.
Smoking is stress related.
Smoking is strictly limited on campus.
Smoking is such an issue of contention.
Smoking is surely one, and the terrible slavery to opiates and alcohol.
Smoking is taboo, and so also are liquor and other intoxicants.
Smoking is the big growth area in grilling.
Smoking is the biggest contributing factor for sudden cardiac death.
Smoking is the biggest culprit that limits oxygen supply.
Smoking is the biggest risk factor for heart attacks.
Smoking is the biggest risk factor for sudden cardiac death.
Smoking is the biggest risk factor for sudden death.
Smoking is the biggest risk factor for vascular disease.
Smoking is the biggest risk factor for women and heart disease.
Smoking is the biggest single threat to health faced by large sections of the population.
Smoking is the cause of a larger proportion of deaths due to some diseases than others.
Smoking is the chief avoidable cause of death and disease.
Smoking is the chief preventable cause of deaths due to cancer in the United States.
Smoking is the crucial factor in health inequalities.
Smoking is the greatest risk factor for lung cancer.
Smoking is the greatest risk for bladder cancer.
Smoking is the greatest single preventable cause of death.
Smoking is the inhalation and exhalation of the fumes of burning tobacco.
Smoking is the inhalation of the smoke of burning tobacco encased in cigarettes, pipes, and cigars.
Smoking is the largest avoidable cause of cancer.
Smoking is the largest cause of death and disease that is preventable.
Smoking is the largest cause of otherwise preventable death in the United States.
Smoking is the largest single cause of preventable disease in the world today.
Smoking is the largest single preventable cause of death and disability in the United States.
Smoking is the largest single preventable cause of death and disease in Australia.
Smoking is the largest single risk factor for heart disease, stroke, lung cancer and oral cancers.
Smoking is the leading cause of avoidable death in America.
Smoking is the leading cause of cancer and dietary factors are the second most common cause.
Smoking is the leading cause of chronic bronchitis.
Smoking is the leading cause of emphysema.
Smoking is the leading cause of fire deaths and the second most common cause of residential fires.
Smoking is the leading cause of heart disease.
Smoking is the leading cause of laryngeal cancer.
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable death and disease in the United States.
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable death in the United States.
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable deaths.
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable disease and death in the United States.
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable illness and death in the United States.
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable illness, disability and premature death in Canada.
Smoking is the leading cause of preventable illness.
Smoking is the leading cause of statistics.
Smoking is the leading killer today.
Smoking is the leading known cause of preventable death among women.
Smoking is the leading known cause of preventable death and disease among women.
Smoking is the leading preventable cause of death in our country.
Smoking is the leading preventable cause of death in the United States.
Smoking is the leading preventable cause of deaths in the United States.
Smoking is the leading preventable cause of disease and death in the United States.
Smoking is the leading risk factor for heart disease, lung cancer and osteoporosis.
Smoking is the leading risk factor for lung cancer.
Smoking is the main cause of chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
Smoking is the main cause of early deaths.
Smoking is the main cause of lung and heart disease.
Smoking is the main cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is the main cause.
Smoking is the main culprit.
Smoking is the main risk factor for kidney cancer, almost doubling a person's chances.
Smoking is the main thing.
Smoking is the main way, but look closely at the female models.
Smoking is the major avoidable cause of heart disease.
Smoking is the major cause of lung cancer in both sexes.
Smoking is the major cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is the major preventable cause of disease in the world.
Smoking is the major risk factor for the development of small cell lung carcinoma.
Smoking is the most common cause of deaths and injuries from fire.
Smoking is the most common cause of emphysema.
Smoking is the most common cause of lung cancer and one that is within our control.
Smoking is the most common method of using marijuana.
Smoking is the most common processing method in both communities.
Smoking is the most common risk factor.
Smoking is the most harmful and preventable chronic health risk in Europe and North America.
Smoking is the most important cause of smoker's lung.
Smoking is the most important factor that young men and women can change.
Smoking is the most important lifestyle risk and the most easy to eliminiate.
Smoking is the most important preventable cause of premature death.
Smoking is the most important risk factor for lung cancer.
Smoking is the most prevalent form of drug dependence in our society.
Smoking is the most preventable cause of death in America.
Smoking is the most preventable cause of death in our society.
Smoking is the most preventable cause of death in the United States.
Smoking is the most preventable cause of death is our society.
Smoking is the most prominent risk factor, though many cases arise in non-smokers.
Smoking is the most rapid and dangerous method of taking cocaine.
Smoking is the most significant and potent risk factor for coronary heart disease.
Smoking is the most significant risk factor for sudden cardiac death.
Smoking is the nation's leading cause of preventable death.
Smoking is the number one cause of cancer deaths for men.
Smoking is the number one cause of deaths from fire.
Smoking is the number one cause of emphysema in the United States.
Smoking is the number one cause of fires that kill older persons.
Smoking is the number one cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is the number one cause of oral cancers.
Smoking is the number one cause of premature, preventable death and disease in our society.
Smoking is the number one cause of preventable death in the United States.
Smoking is the number one cause of preventable deaths in Canada.
Smoking is the number one cause of preventable illness.
Smoking is the number one preventable cause of cancer.
Smoking is the number one preventable cause of death in the United States.
Smoking is the number one preventable risk factor for a variety of diseases in our society .
Smoking is the number one preventable risk factor in women.
Smoking is the number one risk factor and cause for developing lung cancer.
Smoking is the number one risk factor for heart disease among young people.
Smoking is the number-one cause of preventable cancer.
Smoking is the only clinically proven risk factor.
Smoking is the primary cause of emphysema.
Smoking is the primary cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is the primary method of ingestion.
Smoking is the primary method to cook larger pieces of meat.
Smoking is the primary risk factor for lung cancer.
Smoking is the same way.
Smoking is the single biggest cause of preventable illness in Wales today.
Smoking is the single greatest cause of preventable illness in the country.
Smoking is the single greatest killer in the United States by far.
Smoking is the single greatest preventable cause of death and illness in the United States.
Smoking is the single greatest preventable cause of death in the United States today.
Smoking is the single greatest preventable cause of death.
Smoking is the single greatest preventable cause of illness and death in the United States.
Smoking is the single greatest risk factor for developing heart disease.
Smoking is the single greatest risk factor for heart attack.
Smoking is the single greatest risk factor for heart disease.
Smoking is the single largest cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is the single largest modifiable risk factor in intrauterine growth retardation.
Smoking is the single largest preventable cause of death in America.
Smoking is the single leading cause of cancer deaths.
Smoking is the single major cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is the single most important cause of cancer.
Smoking is the single most important cause of problems in most pregnancies.
Smoking is the single most important factor in infant mortality.
Smoking is the single most important remediable cause of premature death in the Western world.
Smoking is the single most important risk factor for the development of lung cancer.
Smoking is the single most preventable cause of death and disability in America today.
Smoking is the single most preventable cause of death and illness.
Smoking is the single most preventable cause of death in the United States.
Smoking is the single most preventable cause of death.
Smoking is the single most preventable cause of disease and death in the United States today.
Smoking is the single most preventable cause of mortality, responsible for one in every six deaths.
Smoking is the world's largest single preventable cause of illness and death.
Smoking is the worst for a migraine sufferer.
Smoking is the worst thing for back problems.
Smoking is their choice.
Smoking is therefore a major public health issue within the region.
Smoking is thought to be a significant factor in eye health.
Smoking is tied to colon cancer.
Smoking is to be permitted only in officially designated areas outside of the building.
Smoking is tolerated.
Smoking is too complex and too multifaceted a behavior to be caused by a single gene.
Smoking is triggered by certain times, places and situations.
Smoking is unattractive.
Smoking is undeniably cool.
Smoking is undeniably unhealthy that has been established beyond doubt.
Smoking is unrestricted , proceed to the next section.
Smoking is unrestricted except where notified.
Smoking is unrestricted within the new law.
Smoking is unsafe around powder and it is against regulations.
Smoking is unsafe at any age, in any amount and for any period.
Smoking is unsafe at any age, in any amount, and for any period.
Smoking is up among teens of both sexes.
Smoking is used by young women as an appetite suppressant.
Smoking is used for chimneys.
Smoking is used for conversations.
Smoking is used for habits.
Smoking is used for ham.
Smoking is used for losers.
Smoking is used for relaxation.
Smoking is used for social values.
Smoking is used to preserve meat and fish.
Smoking is very common and cheap by European standards.
Smoking is very common.
Smoking is very dear and personal to people.
Smoking is very sexy.
Smoking is very unpopular in the United States.
Smoking is very, very popular in Eastern Europe so smoke-free restaurants are impossible to find.
Smoking is wasteful of time and of money.
Smoking is welcome in the plazas, on the lawn, and in the VIP lounge.
Smoking is welcome on outside porches.
Smoking is welcomed by the pool.
Smoking is welcomed outside the bed and breakfast.
Smoking is widely acceptable.
Smoking is widely discouraged and is illegal in public places.
Smoking is widespread and it is customary to offer cigarettes.
Smoking is widespread and permitted in most public areas.
Smoking is widespread, and only a few restaurants have set aside a few tables for non-smokers.
Smoking is widespread.
Smoking is, afterall, the number one cause of lung cancer.
Smoking is, among other things, a pastime.
Smoking is, for example, to be banned in public places.
Smoking just isn t cool.
Smoking keeps carbon dioxide from exiting the body in exhaled breath.
Smoking keeps it that way if it gets wet again.
Smoking kills about half of persistent smokers who take up the habit in adolescence.
Smoking kills both smokers and their voices.
Smoking kills more people every year than all other drugs combined, including alcohol.
Smoking leads to alcoholism , drug abuse , mental disorder .
Smoking leads to cancer, lung disease, and many other deadly diseases.
Smoking leads to cancer.
Smoking leads to gum disease, which can lead to tooth loss.
Smoking leads to premature atherosclerosis, which in turn can lead to heart attacks and strokes.
Smoking leads users from initial to regular use more quickly than do other means of administration.
Smoking leaves a yellow-brown, oily film of tar and nicotine on paintings and frames.
Smoking looks cool.
Smoking lowers resistance to complications.
Smoking lowers the sex hormones which stimulate bone formation.
Smoking mainly causes death through heart attacks, cancer, and lung disease.
Smoking makes asthma and other lung problems worse.
Smoking makes blood vessel damage worse.
Smoking makes eyes yellowish.
Smoking makes good times better.
Smoking makes gum problems worse.
Smoking makes heart beat faster, raises blood pressure and causes hypertension.
Smoking makes it difficult for oxygen to be taken through the alveoli.
Smoking makes it hard for a person to breathe.
Smoking makes it harder to get dates.
Smoking makes neuropathy worse.
Smoking makes our heart beat faster and also makes our blood vessels get smaller.
Smoking makes poor circulation worse.
Smoking makes problems caused by diabetes worse.
Smoking makes rosacea worse.
Smoking makes the artery walls sticky and collect dangerous deposits.
Smoking makes the breath stink and stains teeth and fingers a yellowish-brown.
Smoking makes the condition worse.
Smoking makes the cough and respiratory distress worse.
Smoking makes the heart beat faster.
Smoking makes the heart work harder.
Smoking makes the smoker look older and like they never brushed their teeth in their life.
Smoking makes things worse.
Smoking makes ulcers more likely to develop and also slows the healing process.
Smoking narrows blood vessels and decreases circulation.
Smoking narrows blood vessels and makes it harder to breathe.
Smoking narrows blood vessels over time and also increase the levels of fats in the blood.
Smoking narrows blood vessels over time.
Smoking narrows blood vessels which can slow healing.
Smoking narrows blood vessels, increasing blood pressure and putting a strain on the heart.
Smoking narrows the blood vessels and decreases circulation to the feet.
Smoking narrows the blood vessels.
Smoking nearly doubles a woman's risk of having a low-birthweight baby.
Smoking now is banned on the trains.
Smoking occludes the arteries.
Smoking occurs among both men and women who portrayed positive characters.
Smoking only aggravates allergies.
Smoking outside is an even better option.
Smoking outside is permitted.
Smoking passes on cancer causing agents to the fetus.
Smoking places a client in the high risk category for both periodontal disease and oral cancer.
Smoking plays a major role in heart disease and stroke, the leading causes of death in women.
Smoking plays no role in risk for mesothelioma.
Smoking poses a danger to the library collection and a health risk to other users.
Smoking poses risks to a developing baby.
Smoking prevents fat from going into the fat cells.
Smoking prevents healing of the inflamed air passages and results in continuing troubles.
Smoking prevents the skin from healing because the free radical control is diminished.
Smoking probably causes cancer.
Smoking probably has nothing to do with it either.
Smoking produces a more rapid effect of shorter duration.
Smoking produces an instant and intense euphoria attractive to abusers.
Smoking produces cyanide, a retinal toxin.
Smoking produces the high much faster than injecting.
Smoking progressively impairs the lungs' ability to oxygenate the blood, leading to emphysema.
Smoking promotes a condition called acidosis, which stimulates bone loss.
Smoking promotes atherosclerosis and can reduce blood flow to the brain.
Smoking promotes enlargement of the pores and impairs the overall health of the skin.
Smoking provides a more natural flavored jerky.
Smoking provides a similar escape.
Smoking puts a person at an increased risk for gum disease or periodontal disease.
Smoking puts a strain on the heart and can contribute to artery blockages.
Smoking quickens the degenerative process of aging.
Smoking raises blood pressure and narrows the arteries, which increases the risk of a heart attack.
Smoking raises homocysteine levels.
Smoking raises premiums.
Smoking raises the risk of duodenal ulcers developing.
Smoking really is a choice.
Smoking reduces blood flow and slows healing.
Smoking reduces bone mass and lowers women's estrogen levels.
Smoking reduces circulation to the skin and impedes healing.
Smoking reduces fertility and leads to a host of smoking-related pregnancy complications .
Smoking reduces fertility, a problem which can be reversed after breaking the addiction.
Smoking reduces night vision.
Smoking reduces tension.
Smoking reduces the ability of the blood to carry oxygen.
Smoking reduces the ability to enjoy flavors too.
Smoking reduces the chance of achieving a pregnancy both naturally and from any treatment.
Smoking reduces the delivery of oxygen and nutrients to the gums.
Smoking reduces the flow of healing agents to the back.
Smoking reduces the levels of antioxidants and impairs blood circulation.
Smoking reduces the rate of lung growth.
Smoking refers to the greying or discoloration of a glaze, caused by underfiring.
Smoking regulates cravings conditioned to external cues.
Smoking regulates cravings due to internal cues caused by decreasing nicotine levels.
Smoking regulates emotional responses elicited by environmentally induced stress.
Smoking relaxes muscles, which makes acid leakage into the gullet more likely.
Smoking relaxes the sphincter and causes reflux.
Smoking releases gases that take the place of oxygen in the mother's blood.
Smoking relieves stress, soothes the nervous system, provides contentment and counters indigestion.
Smoking relieves stress.
Smoking remains a personal choice.
Smoking remains a serious problem among youth in our nation.
Smoking remains concentrated in areas of social inequalities .
Smoking remains the leading cause of all fire deaths.
Smoking remains the leading cause of preventable death in Canada.
Smoking remains the leading cause of preventable mortality in Canada.
Smoking remains the number one preventable cause of death and disease in Canada.
Smoking remains the single most important cause of death in our society.
Smoking remains unacceptably high among women of all ages, races and ethnicities.
Smoking represents a clear example of the challenge facing everyone to enhance the public's health.
Smoking restricts blood flow by causing vasoconstriction and promoting coagulation.
Smoking restricts blood flow, which interferes with the proper healing of wounds.
Smoking reverses the tension and irritability that build up during periods of nicotine abstinence.
Smoking ruins the health of many young people.
Smoking seems to affect the liver, too, by changing the way it handles drugs and alcohol.
Smoking seems to be declining among restaurant patrons.
Smoking seems to be permitted freely before security.
Smoking seems to be rampant among the aboriginal peoples.
Smoking seems to be somehow in a different category.
Smoking seems to damage the heart in many different ways.
Smoking seems to damage the memory and limit one's ability to remember previous experiences.
Smoking seems to raise blood pressure levels and heart rate.
Smoking seems to stimulate the recurrence of genital warts.
Smoking significantly decreases blood flow to the operated area.
Smoking significantly elevates the risk of stroke.
Smoking significantly increases an individual's risk of heart attack.
Smoking significantly increases fire hazard, and boosts cleaning and maintenance costs.
Smoking significantly reduces life expectancy and hampers quality of life.
Smoking slows blood flow to the face and can interfere with healing.
Smoking slows blood flow to the healing tissues and can increase the risk of lung problems.
Smoking slows down blood circulation to the extremities.
Smoking slows down lung growth and reduces lung function.
Smoking slows down the blood flow and can make heart and blood vessel problems worse.
Smoking slows down the blood flow and raises blood pressure.
Smoking slows recovery from illness and surgery and slows bone and wound healing.
Smoking slows the healing of existing ulcers and also contributes to ulcer recurrence.
Smoking slows the healing of ulcers.
Smoking smells - unpleasantly.
Smoking speeds it to the brain in a series of peaks that are deeply satisfying.
Smoking speeds up hardening of the arteries.
Smoking speeds up the hardening of the arteries.
Smoking stains the fingers.
Smoking stains the smoker's teeth.
Smoking stops the cilia from moving.
Smoking substantially increases the risk of having a heart attack.
Smoking suppresses folic acid levels.
Smoking Take the battle over smoking in public places.
Smoking takes a heavy human toll.
Smoking takes away a smoker's free choice.
Smoking takes place at low temperatures and opening the lid or door causes quick heat loss.
Smoking tends to be more of a major factor than coffee consumption.
Smoking tends to cause chronic coughing, which can add to problems with bladder control.
Smoking tends to create a stronger craving for alcohol, and vice versa.
Smoking tends to delay healing of peptic ulcers.
Smoking tends to dry the food, kills bacteria, deepens color and gives food a smoky flavor.
Smoking thickens the blood by increasing the production of red blood cells.
Smoking thickens the lining of the lung.
Smoking thus has a different social meaning depending on whether the referent is adults or teens.
Smoking too can make bad breath worse.
Smoking transforms people into social outcasts.
Smoking typically begins in adolescence.
Smoking varies greatly by education.
Smoking works great with either fresh or previously frozen fish.
Smoking's a drag for women Article from the Toronto Sun about smoking cessation.
Smoking's a nightmare to kick.
Smoking's out, but drinking is in.
Smoking often causes the stomach to make more acid.
Smoking often decreases appetite, an unhealthy method of weight control that many women employ.
Smoking often leads to disability and poor quality of life.
All smoking is outside in the back yard.
More smoking leads to more addiction, more illness and more early death.
Most smoking begins during the stressful transition to puberty and junior high.
Smoky air can be hard on the lungs.
Smoky angelfish are a unique variety.
Smoky brown cockroaches invade attics.
Some smoky clouds reflect states.
Smoky conditions restrict the ability to evaluate changing conditions.
Some smoky mice feed on fruit.
Smoky quartz can transform negative emotions and help to lift depression.
Smoky quartz is a gray, translucent version of quartz.
Smoky quartz is a type of brownish quartz that has a smoky look.
Smoky quartz is also good for self empowerment.
Smoky quartz is minerals.
Smoky quartz is quartz
Smoky quartz is the brown to gray variety.
Smoky quartz is yellow to dark brown or black.
Smoky quartz occurs in crystals ranging from smoky yellow to dark brown.
Smoky rooms have up to six times the air pollution as a busy highway.
Smoky scents define the nose, which also shows shy peach fruit, floral notes and a bit of honey.
Smoky shrews appear to be social animals, with populations fluctuating from year to year.
Smoky shrews resemble shrews.
A smooch is a kiss
Smooches Send virtual hugs and kisses.
Smooth action allows the color to flow from the brush with control.
Smooth adjustment facilitates instant gripping and release.
Smooth air is essential.
Smooth air uses less energy to pedal thru.
Smooth animation is critical for following the complex geometry of the data.
Smooth areas show up as dark since signals mostly bounce away from the source.
Smooth ball bearing swivel casters easily snap off and snap on for safe airplane stowing.
Smooth barks are easiest to rub, and steady one-directional strokes work best.
Smooth barks can be smooth and very glossy to dull .
Smooth barks can be smooth and very glossy to dull.
Smooth base allows fast, even heating.
Smooth bends let the tube follow contours and corners of almost any angle.
Smooth breathings serve no useful function at all.
Smooth bromegrass is a coarse texture, low density species.
Smooth bromegrass is a little later, and quackgrass is later still.
Smooth bromegrass is also desirable because it attracts pheasants for nesting and roosting.
Smooth bromegrass is one of the few economic grasses resistant to the fungus.
Smooth bromegrass is preferred for dryland renovation without re-seeding.
Smooth bromegrass is probably the most popular cool season forage grass in Iowa.
Smooth bromegrass is very susceptible to brown leafspot.
Some smooth cats get together to purr and meow out the crazy jazz.
Smooth chorion is formed by gradual degeneration and disappearance of the chorionic villi.
Smooth clamp faces hold tight without damaging work pieces.
Smooth closings mean happy clients.
Smooth coats have hues.
Smooth coats have much denser fur, like a giraffe or wildebeest.
Smooth coats shed the most, dropping hair continuously year round.
Most smooth coats have hues.
Smooth collies offer all the benefits of collie companionship with less coat maintenance.
Smooth communication takes more than the knowledge of language and manners.
Smooth concrete is easy to sweep but is very slippery for shod horses and when the floor is wet.
Smooth conditions do occasionally and unexpectedly get rough though.
Smooth consistency eases styling and setting on medium and coarse hair.
Smooth cordgrass has a mutualistic relationship with both fiddler crabs and ribbed mussels.
Smooth cordgrass has smooth, blade-like leaves that taper to a point.
Smooth cordgrass have salt glands that excrete salt onto the leaf surface.
Smooth cordgrass is a native perennial grass with flat, blade-like leaves.
Smooth cordgrass is an important food source for many endemic and migratory birds.
Smooth cordgrass is an important primary producer in salt marshes.
Smooth cordgrass is found from Newfoundland to Florida and west to Texas.
Smooth cordgrass is well-adapted to a frequently flooded, saline environment.
Smooth cordgrass survives fire by tillering from rhizomes.
Smooth cordgrass survives fires by tillering from rhizomes.
Smooth cordgrasses grow in intertidal zones.
Smooth cordgrasses grow in zones.
Smooth cordgrasses have blades.
Smooth cordgrasses provide protection.
Smooth cordgrasses provide storm surge protection.
Smooth cordgrasses provide superior protection.
Most smooth cordgrasses grow in intertidal zones.
Most smooth cordgrasses grow in zones.
Most smooth cordgrasses provide protection.
Most smooth cordgrasses provide storm surge protection.
Most smooth cordgrasses provide superior protection.
Some smooth cordgrasses have glands.
Some smooth cordgrasses have salt glands.
Some smooth cordgrasses produce flowers.
Smooth coulters give the best performance for stubble cutting.
Smooth coulters preserve the most residue.
A smooth crabgrass is grass
Smooth crabgrass has a membranous ligule that is truncate and often has a smooth appearance.
Smooth curve is the best-fit Gaussian approximation.
Smooth curve is the theoretical expectation.
Smooth curves are more musical.
Some smooth curves show results.
Smooth dance is just that.
Smooth dances comprise the waltz, foxtrot, quickstep, Viennese waltz and tango.
Smooth duck jibes.
Smooth edges hold hay tight to the bale surface.
Smooth edges make handling,transporting and emptying easier.
Smooth employee workloads by planning tasks due in the next few months.
Smooth exterior is a warm burnt red.
Smooth finish provides good printing surface.
Smooth finish works perfectly with paints, markers, pencils, inks, etc.
Smooth foam allows for quick and easy insertion.
Smooth formula ensures even coverage.
Smooth grain flows means higher capacity.
Smooth graphics provide an easy to navigate interface.
Smooth hair is better than a lot of fly-away curls.
Smooth hammerheads are found worldwide in temperate waters.
Smooth hammerheads feed on fish.
Smooth hammerheads have flat heads.
Smooth hammerheads have heads.
Most smooth hammerheads feed on fish.
Most smooth hammerheads have flat heads.
Most smooth hammerheads have heads.
Smooth hands take a tattered mask and cover a scarred face.
Smooth head holds face firmly even in high-velocity winds.
Smooth hydrangea is tolerant of many soil types but prefers moist, well-drained soils.
Smooth ice is a better radar reflector than rock.
Smooth ice is easier to ride on than lumpy ice.
Smooth implementation depends upon communication as well.
Smooth jazz cozies up to fluffy pop and polished club music.
Smooth jazz is played in the elevators of giant corporations to keep the drones complacent.
Smooth jazz is something that has deep roots from the original form of be-bop.
Smooth jazz is still the devil.
Smooth jazz sounds all weekend long.
Smooth knobs are tactile for little hands.
Smooth leaf features, strong veining with a tendency to cascade.
Smooth lines imply gradual slopes and changes.
Smooth lines represent model calculations and jagged lines are historial data.
Smooth looks remain sleek.
Smooth model has no provision at all for lighting and trim except fender strut holes.
Smooth mornings make for a smooth start to the school day.
Smooth motion portrays objects moving across the screen in a realistic manner.
Smooth motions are best.
Smooth movement allows navigators to intuitively walk through environments in a lifelike way.
Smooth movement is required by the horizontal servo, especially while on the ground.
Smooth mud is everywhere.
A smooth muscle is a muscle
Smooth muscle acts as sphincters at alveolar openings.
Smooth muscle can comprise the sarcomatous component of gliosarcomas.
Smooth muscle carries out adjustments to an organism's internal environment.
Smooth muscle contains extensive amounts of intermediate filaments, primarily of the desmin type.
Smooth muscle contains many different receptors which mediate contraction or relaxation.
Smooth muscle develops in the ureteric wall.
Smooth muscle is affected by both nervous and hormonal input.
Smooth muscle is called such because it has no striations.
Smooth muscle is capable of active regeneration after injury.
Smooth muscle is composed of cells each of which is provided with a nucleus.
Smooth muscle is found in the walls of arteries and organs of the body.
Smooth muscle is found in the walls of the internal organs.
Smooth muscle is involuntary, being under the control of the autonomic nervous system.
Smooth muscle is involuntary, being under thecontrol of the autonomic nervous system.
Smooth muscle is nonstriated.
Smooth muscle is quite com- mon in the lower animals.
Smooth muscle is rather different from striated muscle contraction.
Smooth muscle is responsible for the movement of the skeleton.
Smooth muscle is shown here in discrete bands beneath the epithelium.
Smooth muscle is smooth in appearance.
Smooth muscle is stimulated by the autonomic nervous system.
Smooth muscle is stronger than skeletal muscle.
Smooth muscle is the muscle that lines portions of the digestive system.
Smooth muscle is under involuntary control.
Smooth muscle is usually from hypomere mesoderm and forms the visceral or involuntary muscles.
Smooth muscle is very important in the respiratory system.
Smooth muscle lacks sarcomeres hence there are no striations.
Smooth muscle maintains force without using much energy in a state called latch .
Smooth muscle makes up the walls of internal organs, such as blood vessels and the digestive tract.
Smooth muscles are important in contraction of internal organs.
Smooth muscles are in many places .
Smooth muscles are in many places.
Smooth muscles are involuntary muscles.
Smooth muscles are involuntary.
Smooth muscles are involved in many 'housekeeping' functions of the body.
Smooth muscles are muscles.
Smooth muscles are present in the iris, as well as in the ciliary apparatus.
Smooth muscles are usually long and spindle-shaped, and each cell has a nucleus.
Smooth muscles associated with internal organs are under autonomic control.
Smooth muscles contain only one nucleus while skeletal muscles are multinucleated.
Smooth muscles is found in internal organs, while cardiac muscle is present only in the heart.
Smooth muscles provide the contractile forces for most of our internal organs.
Some smooth muscles surround airways.
Some smooth muscles surround arteries.
Smooth newts have throats.
Smooth newts have whitish throats.
Smooth newts have paddle-like tails for increased swimming speeds.
Most smooth newts have throats.
Most smooth newts have whitish throats.
Some smooth newts have crests.
Smooth operation is the key.
Smooth operation is the rule.
Smooth operation is the. .
Smooth operation is the. cardiovascular .
Smooth operation is the. pro smith gym .
Smooth operation is the. pulse .
Smooth operation is the.
Smooth operation is. .
Smooth operation is.
Smooth operators keep their cool. .
Smooth operators keep their heads, arms and legs inside the truck.
All smooth operators know the maximum load limit of their lifts and never permit an overload.
Smooth paper causes chicks to slip and develop spraddled legs.
Smooth pavement is a lot better than cracked concrete, any day of the week.
Smooth pebbles placed on the soil surface discourages the fish from digging in the plants.
Smooth performance demands careful maintenance.
Smooth performance is the pleasing result.
Smooth periwinkles grow in damp rockweed exposed at low tide.
Smooth pigweeds adapt to climates.
Smooth pipe has less friction loss and, hence, a lower operating cost than rough pipes.
Smooth pipe has less friction than rough pipe.
Smooth power can save weight in engine mounts and isolators, too.
Smooth progress means even progress with low jitter.
Smooth pursuit boosts the visibility of the target.
Smooth pursuit is a measurement of the ability to smoothly track a moving object.
Smooth pursuit occurs when the eyes move to maintain foveation of a moving object.
Smooth riding is also beneficial for motocross but it is somewhat less critical.
Smooth rubber handle with great balance for fast response.
Smooth sailing is the mark of experience and proper planning.
Smooth skin is considered beautiful.
Smooth skin is kept moist by secretions of mucous glands.
Smooth snakes can move past each other very easily.
Some smooth snakes eat insects.
Smooth snow is easier to ride on than lumpy snow.
Smooth sounds are the only two words for it.
Smooth stabilization implies coprime factorization.
Smooth starts are essential both for equipment and operator safety.
Smooth stinger permits multiple attacks.
Smooth stones contrast with lacy maples and spiky clumps of iris.
Smooth stones fly straight to the target.
Smooth stones fly straight.
Smooth stops are nearly impossible.
Smooth strings begin the track, then a robotic key stab busts in to really make things dizzy.
Smooth style ends.
A smooth sumac is a bush
Smooth sumac is known to shade and replace prairie plants and endangered species.
Smooth sumac occurs in ecosystems and plant communities with varying fire regimes.
Smooth surface gives way less friction.
Smooth surface has no seams or cracks to trap dirt and detergents.
Smooth surface is typical of a benign neoplasm.
Smooth surfaces appear harder than do rough textures.
Smooth surfaces are also available.
Smooth surfaces are areas that reflect light.
Smooth surfaces are bright , the rougher the surface the darker it appears.
Smooth surfaces are easy to clean and less likely to trap allergens.
Smooth surfaces are made of plastic.
Smooth surfaces are obtainable if tools are kept sharp.
Smooth surfaces are often easier to glide across when working.
Smooth surfaces are reflective.
Smooth surfaces decrease vehicle maintenance costs, fuel costs and traveling time.
Smooth surfaces entrain lots of air to assure maximum dilution of exhaust gases.
Smooth surfaces facilitate decontamination and minimize the accumulation of dirt or debris.
Smooth surfaces make a color appear lighter, and a rough surfaces make a color appear darker.
Smooth surfaces make less friction than rough surfaces .
Smooth surfaces reflect better than rough surfaces.
Smooth surfaces tend to have high reflectance, rougher surfaces less reflectance.
All smooth surfaces possess some degree of microroughness, even if only at the atomic level.
Most smooth surfaces are made of plastic.
Smooth swirls give each link grace and character.
Smooth takeaway allows the club to stay intact, the beginnings of a solid, confident swing.
Smooth tannins offer a pleasing finish.
Smooth tannins result in a silky mouthfeel with good weight.
Smooth tempo is a good thought, too, as negative thinking leads to tension.
Smooth textures make colors appear lighter and uneven surfaces make colors darker.
Smooth tires grip smooth roads better, with less resistance, but slip on dirt trails.
Smooth top allows easy patching.
Smooth transactions lead to successful transitions.
Smooth transition is an indication of success and it involves preparation.
Smooth transitions are a part of organization.
Smooth transitions are important.
Smooth transitions connect ideas.
Smooth transitions ensure understanding.
Smooth transitions move the plot from one high point to another.
Smooth truffles have odor.
Most smooth truffles have odor.
Smooth trunks stretch skyward, reaching up and over the nature center roof.
Smooth type makes that process easier, so reading is faster.
Smooth velvet covers and adorns the inside of the majority of the boxes.
Smooth versions are available with or without visors.
Smooth walls have a tendency to direct sound waves in a specific direction.
Smooth water has a high reflectance and is seen as a bright area.
Smooth water is best.
Smooth waves sound soft and clear, spiky waves sound rough and fuzzy.
Smooth wire is stronger and easier to install than barbed wire.
Smooth wires conduct higher currents and higher frequency signals more readily.
Smooth words make smooth companions.
Smooth words make smooth ways.
A smooth is achievement
Smooths are accomplishment.
Smooths are albums.
Smooths are all the fun with out the work.
Smooths are sensation.
Smooths cut edge of glass by holding against abrasive belt.
Smooths flow of cyclical energy, to stabilize emotional system.
Smooths surface for finishing, using sandpaper or power sander.
Smooths surface with sandpaper and steel wool.
Most smooths have no problems with iceballs in their paws or fur.
Smoothed descriptions adopts the former technique.
Smoothed triangles yield curved looking objects and have nice reflections.
Smoother air intake for more consistent pours.
Smoother bearings cost more to make.
Smoother ellipses require more computational time and produce larger illustration files.
Smoother engine nacelles with doors that fully enclosed the retracted wheels.
Smoother finishes are desirable.
Smoother granite requiring extreme friction is also common.
Smoother highways are safer and save drivers money.
Smoother paper gives sharper copies and better fills.
Smoother paper is also more difficult to feed.
Smoother pavements provide more accurate and less variable measurements.
Smoother skin means a smoother tan.
Smoother is less exact.
Smoother means less wear over time.
Smoother running traffic is quieter, safer traffic.
Smoother shifting with fine pitch clutch teeth and enhanced shift feel.
A smoothie is a drink
Smoothie isa beverage.
Smoothies are a delicious way to use a papaya.
Smoothies are a mix or juices that give consumers many nutrients per unit.
Smoothies are all the rage in today's health-conscience society.
Smoothies are beverages.
Smoothies are cold, wet, sweet, nutritious and, to many people, delicious.
Smoothies are drinks.
Smoothies are great following a work out or a good run - lots of vitamins and protein.
Smoothies are hypocrites.
Smoothies are located in fridges.
Smoothies are made of fresh fruit.
Smoothies are made of fruit.
Smoothies are mixture.
Smoothies are mixtures of different fruits and sometimes even peanut butter.
Smoothies are smooths.
Smoothies are used for drinking.
Smoothies even do well at more upscale concepts.
Smoothies make a perfect meal.
Smoothies make from coconut yogurt.
Smoothies make from yogurt.
Some smoothies come with a good old-fashioned caffeine boost from the inclusion of espresso.
Some smoothing influence is needed between blouse and skirt.
Smoothing splines are a popular approach for non-parametric regression problems.
Smoothness isa texture.
Smoothy drags are available in a silicone impregnated fiber as the standard drag replacement.
A smoothy is a hypocrite
Smoothies are a great idea.
Smoothies are a great way to get fruit and dairy products.
Smoothies are a type of cold drink made with an electric blender .
Smoothies are a type of cold drink made with an electric blender.
Smoothies are also available.
Smoothies are as close to health food as food fads get.
Smoothies are easy to make with the right equipment.
Smoothies are for free.
Smoothies are fruit and yogurt blends known for their taste and nutrition.
Smoothies are no exception.
Smoothies are quick and easy to make and can be enjoyed at any time of the day or night.
Smoothies are quick to make and are a delicious way to get our daily quota of dairy products.
Smoothies are similar to milk shakes.
Smoothies are the quintessential modern refreshment, a cinch to make and profitable to serve.
Many smoothies contain added sugar in addition to the sugar naturally in fruit, juice, or yogurt.
Most smoothies are made of fresh fruit.
Most smoothies are made of fruit.
Most smoothies make from coconut yogurt.
Some smoothies have benefits.
Some smoothies have fiber.
Some smoothies mix with powder.
Some smoothies mix with protein powder.
Some smoothies provide proteins.
A smorgasbord is a buffet
Smorgasbords are definitely our specialty.
A smother is disorder
Smother ing in-laws affect a significant number of marriages.
Smothers attributes that to last year's much milder winter.
Smothered roots have their oxygen supply cut off.
Smudge sticks are Native American energy tools, designed to clear energy and create sacred space.
A smudge is a defect
Smudges are unsightly and can make the print unreadable.
Smug condemnation tells none of it.
Smug folks have a jar of pickles and a box of band aids in the basement.
Smug satisfaction is taken in the well-rounded results.
Most smuggled cigarettes are well-known international brands.
A smuggler is a criminal
Smugglers also are now more likely to be armed and violent.
Smugglers also face criminal penalties when the violation is intentional.
Smugglers are able to charge enormous fees, reducing others to virtual peonage.
Smugglers are criminals.
Smugglers attempt to use POE traffic to mask illicit drug transportation.
Smugglers avoid custom check points at the borders.
Smugglers Become an interplanetary smuggler.
Smugglers can be quite ingenious.
Smugglers caught by the feds face decades in prison.
Smugglers come up with ingenious ways to fool the trackers.
Smugglers continue to use marine ports as a major smuggling venue.
Smugglers deal in dollars.
Smugglers evade the payment of UK duty and VAT and undercut legitimate trade.
Smugglers get immigrants to provide names and phone numbers of relatives to call to send money.
Smugglers goad, bribe and trick trucking businesses to get drugs across the border.
Smugglers invariably keep a diary.
Smugglers is actually multi-faceted because there are more ways to win, and more ways to have fun.
Smugglers lurk unseen.
Smugglers make for convenient scapegoats.
Smugglers make their riches by banking on desperation.
Smugglers stir up troubled waters.
Smugglers try to trade without paying tariffs.
Smugglers often try to conceal contraband in cargo and vehicles without the carrier's knowledge.
Most smugglers caught do go to prison for several years.
Some smugglers buy directly from wholesalers.
A smuggling is importation
Smuggling also allows the tobacco industry to make the argument for lower taxes in legal markets.
Smuggling are criminal acts.
Smuggling are importing.
Smuggling are puttings.
Smuggling arises from tax differentials in different countries, and national trade barriers.
Smuggling enters the picture.
Smuggling exists, and a large black market, too.
Smuggling is a common trade here.
Smuggling is a crime.
Smuggling is a major headache for our economy.
Smuggling is a major means of introducing contraband.
Smuggling is a major problem in China.
Smuggling is a major problem, along the border with Nigeria.
Smuggling is a more serious matter.
Smuggling is a tradition around here.
Smuggling is a very serious issue.
Smuggling is a way of life for some people along the Border.
Smuggling is an offence that can result in severe penalties and prosecution.
Smuggling is boosted by every tax-change that improves the profit margin for the smugglers.
Smuggling is commonplace in Djakarta.
Smuggling is no longer a game.
Smuggling is rampant up and down the Chinese coast.
Smuggling is rampant.
Smuggling is rife, and huge quantities of otherwise blockaded oil are being sold through Jordan.
Smuggling is suspected to be a major source of income for party leaders.
Smuggling is their specialty.
Smuggling is very destructive to our national economy.
Smuggling leads to shortages and undermines Pakistan's economy.
Smuggling mainly involves kretek cigarettes from a neighbouring country.
Smuggling remains a booming business.
Smuggling sparks cigarette surge in China.
Smuggling threatens many species with extinction.
Smuggling undermines tax regimes and keeps the cheap cigarettes flowing.
Smuggling usually takes place at night, using donkeys and cars.
Smut balls replace seeds.
Smut fungi attack any aboveground plant parts including leaves, stems, and flowers.
Smut arise from word suit i.e. black powder.
Smut causes blistering, shredding and dying of stem and leaf tissue.
Smut is a fungus which produces massive amounts of black spores.
Smut is a fungus
Smut is carbon atoms that are poorly linked.
Smut is encouraged.
Smut is evident in many fields.
Smut is funguses.
Smut is harmful to the healthy moral development of children.
Smut is plant diseases.
Smut is promoted by plant injury caused by cultivation, insects, and hail.
Smut still is the Internet's most successful business.
Smuts also differ in having only two spore stages, teliospores and basidiospores.
Smuts are diseases caused by fungi.
Smuts are divided into leaf, culm, and head smuts.
Smuts are members of the Basidiomycetes .
Smuts are worldwide in distribution and can be of major economic importance.
Smuts develop haustoria and infect a range of angiosperms, gymnosperms, and pteridophytes.
Smutted barley is undesirable for malting purposes.
Smutted grain is seen only after seed heads emerge from plants that came from infected seed.
Snachwine lake is also an attraction, and is likely to improve in the future.
A snack bar is a bar
Snack bar is located at the way house.
Snack bar is located on barge adjacent to riverboat.
Snack bar is open during evening meals and after evening services.
Snack bar is walled off from the rest of the casino by panelling.
Snack bar offers conventional fare.
Snack bar serves beer and wine.
Snack bar serves beer.
Snack bar serves hot dogs, hamburgers and French fries throughout the day.
Snack bars anchor the ends of each concourse.
Snack bars are a great mid morning snack.
Snack bars are also in there two areas.
Snack bars are bars.
Snack bars are located in airports.
Snack bars are located in race tracks.
Snack bars offer ham and cheese sandwiches, ham and cheese pizza and fried chicken.
Snack bars offer little respite for the health-conscious.
Snack food contains flour.
Snack food is a dish
Snack food is dishs.
Snack food is groceries.
Snack food is located in backpacks.
Snack food is the third byproduct used at the feedlot.
Snack food is very appropriate.
Snack foods are a function of instant gratification.
Snack foods are available.
Snack foods are ready to eat when delivered to the consumer.
Snack foods are typically high in sodium.
Snack foods keep hands and mouths busy while the brain is busy absorbing material.
All snack foods are.
Many snack foods are high in fat and sugar.
Most snack food contains flour.
Snack machine is in the room.
Snack machines are in several areas of the campus.
Snack machines offer items such as candies, gum, mints, pastries, chips and other snacks.
Snack mixes are easy to eat, right out of hand.
Snack time begins shortly afterwards.
Snack time can enhance social relationships, teach responsibility, and build communication skills.
Snack time gives students a needed break for socializing and eating.
Snack time is a great time to slip in a fruit or vegetable serving.
Snack time is a necessity.
Snack time is a time to have fun.
Snack time is also the right time to enjoy whole grain foods.
Snack time is an opportunity to sample new foods, read labels, and learn portion control.
Snack time is any time.
Snack time is held mid morning and mid afternoon.
Snack time is our way of all gathering together, sharing food, and relaxing.
Snack time is preceded by a moment of silent reflection.
Snack time is social time.
Snack time is vada or idli with sambar.
Snack time occurs in every classroom.
Snack time plays a vital role in the success of the afterschool care program.
Snack times help keep children from becoming overly-tired and grumpy.
A snack is a meal
Snack isa meal.
Snack stands and canoe and paddleboat rentals are available at both beaches.
Snack stops along the bike route.
Snacks also are available at vending machines throughout the hospital.
Snacks also are available.
Snacks also keep people from making the bad food choices they often make when really hungry.
Snacks am Strand der Lagune.
Snacks are a big help when trying to pass the time.
Snacks are a draw in some communities.
Snacks are a good way to introduce new foods.
Snacks are a great way to fill in what was missed at the previous meal.
Snacks are a great way to refuel.
Snacks are a routine treat as well.
Snacks are acceptable and can even help boost nutrient intakes if the right choices are made.
Snacks are almost as important as a kid's meals.
Snacks are also available here throughout the day.
Snacks are also available in the hotel's restaurant as are lunch and dinner.
Snacks are also available year-round.
Snacks are also available.
Snacks are always a good idea as well.
Snacks are always available on and off the hill.
Snacks are always available, as well as, juices and waters.
Snacks are an important part of any diet.
Snacks are an important part of children's daily food intake.
Snacks are an important part of life for some pets.
Snacks are an important part of the baby's nutrition.
Snacks are an important part of the daily diet.
Snacks are an important piece of any diet, but especially for one who is hypoglycemic.
Snacks are an important source of nutrients for growing children and adolescents.
Snacks are another matter in most venues.
Snacks are available all day long in the bar.
Snacks are available along the perimeter of the exhibition halls.
Snacks are available and candlelight dining is provided.
Snacks are available and customers can bring in their own food.
Snacks are available anytime.
Snacks are available at all hours.
Snacks are available at all times as well as large supplies of fresh fruits.
Snacks are available at all times in the dining area.
Snacks are available at an additional cost.
Snacks are available at each dance.
Snacks are available at reasonable prices, in addition to salads, pastas, and steak.
Snacks are available at the bar.
Snacks are available at the information center.
Snacks are available at the marina.
Snacks are available at the pool grill.
Snacks are available before class begins.
Snacks are available between meals during the academic year.
Snacks are available between meals.
Snacks are available but are limited to a maximum of two edible items per day per camper.
Snacks are available daily to campers during break.
Snacks are available day or night, and there is a beauty salon on site.
Snacks are available during all hours of operation.
Snacks are available during the day, and hors d'oeuvres are served most evenings before dinner.
Snacks are available for an extra fee.
Snacks are available for purchase.
Snacks are available from the vending machines in the reception foyer.
Snacks are available off the extended bar menu.
Snacks are available on board.
Snacks are available on site.
Snacks are available on the grounds.
Snacks are available throughout the day.
Snacks are available throughout the evening.
Snacks are available to guests at any time, and catered meals can be ordered on special occasions.
Snacks are available, too.
Snacks are available.
Snacks are complimentary.
Snacks are crucial as means of encouraging contact with students.
Snacks are different.
Snacks are easy to arrange as each house has a fully equipped kitchen and lounge.
Snacks are easy to eat and portable, in most cases.
Snacks are free for everyone.
Snacks are fun to share with the carpool gang.
Snacks are given to each dog and straw is put out for the team.
Snacks Are Good with that glass of milk.
Snacks are important because they give children energy.
Snacks are important to provide for guests to munch on until dinner is served.
Snacks are important, particularly for children, who have small stomachs.
Snacks are important.
Snacks are just as important as meals in ensuring adequate energy and nutrient intake.
Snacks are key.
Snacks are located in backpacks.
Snacks are located in movies.
Snacks are located in planes.
Snacks are located in rest areas.
Snacks are located in supermarkets.
Snacks are meals.
Snacks are often as important as meals in providing essential nutrients.
Snacks are okay, but please use the trash cans onboard.
Snacks are okay.
Snacks are part of the program.
Snacks are payable by each nine week grading period.
Snacks are provided, soft drinks are available.
Snacks are small portions of food eaten between meals.
Snacks are the downfall of many an aspiring low-fat enthusiast.
Snacks are to contain even less.
Snacks are very important to the total, daily nutritional intake of young children.
Snacks are VERY important.
Snacks are vital for adolescents and active people, such as athletes who have high energy needs.
Snacks are welcome.
Snacks Buy snacks in large, economy-sized packages or in bulk.
Snacks can add too many calories to a child's daily intake.
Snacks can be a wonderful source of nutrients.
Snacks can be an important source of daily nutritional needs if carefully chosen.
Snacks can be an important source of daily nutritional needs if chosen with care.
Snacks can be as important as the main course because they refuel the body.
Snacks can be costly and quickly consumed.
Snacks can be nutritious, well-balanced and enjoyable treats.
Snacks can be okay.
Snacks can be part of a healthy diet.
Snacks can do the trick.
Snacks can fill babies up.
Snacks can fill nutrition gaps when chosen wisely.
Snacks can have their place in a diet, nutrition experts say.
Snacks can help supply the nutrients needed for children's optimum growth and development.
Snacks can make a healthful eating plan even better.
Snacks can often provide the essential calories, carbohydrates, and other needed nutrients.
Snacks can provide essential nutrients such as carbohydrates.
Snacks come in all shapes and sizes, but as a rule there is no hostess service.
Snacks consist of candy, gum, cookies, soda and chips.
Snacks consist of fruits, vegetables, and other healthy natural foods.
Snacks consist of proteins.
Snacks consist of two cans of juice and two boxes of crackers or cookies or something similar.
Snacks contain carbohydrates.
Snacks contain delicious fruit.
Snacks contain fruit.
Snacks contain lean proteins.
Snacks contain ounces.
Snacks contain proteins.
Snacks containing olestra are safe and enjoyable.
Snacks Eat lower on the food chain.
Snacks Eat meals at regular times.
Snacks have (part) bread.
Snacks have (part) helpings.
Snacks have (part) sandwiches.
Snacks have (part) sauces.
Snacks have (part) servings.
Snacks have (part) side dishes.
Snacks have (part) side order.
Snacks help to balance the insulin activity.
Snacks include fruit.
Snacks Join current students at their weekly snacks meetings.
Snacks make from peanuts.
Snacks mean attacks.
Snacks offer an opportunity to provide additional nutrients to the daily diet.
Snacks offer plenty.
Snacks play a significant role in the nourishment of children.
Snacks play an important part in gaining weight.
Snacks provide a half to a third of the energy intake for most children.
Snacks Provide children with snacks.
Snacks provide energy.
Snacks reduce hunger.
Snacks Serve cheese foundue with bread cubes, vegetables or fruit for dipping.
Snacks Serve up plenty of trail mix in baskets lined with bandannas.
Snacks work well too.
Snacks wreck a child's appetite for meals.
Snacks usually consist of fruit juice and crackers or pretzels.
All snacks are healthy, low in salt and sugar.
All snacks are on a cash purchase basis.
Most snacks are either steamed, pan fried or wrap in leaves and grilled over charcoal.
Most snacks are neither.
Most snacks consist of proteins.
Most snacks contain carbohydrates.
Most snacks contain delicious fruit.
Most snacks contain fruit.
Most snacks contain lean proteins.
Most snacks contain ounces.
Most snacks contain proteins.
Most snacks make from peanuts.
Most snacks offer plenty.
Most snacks provide energy.
Most snacks reduce hunger.
Some snacks are available to summer campers.
Some snacks are better than others in the car.
Some snacks are high in salt, sugar and fat and low in needed nutrients.
Some snacks consist of bell pepper.
Some snacks consist of cantaloupe.
Some snacks consist of pepper.
Some snacks contain beef.
Some snacks contain marshmallows.
Some snacks contain melatonin.
Some snacks contain peanut butter marshmallows.
Some snacks contain sugar.
Some snacks essentially serve as a cover for prostitution.
Some snacks have effects.
Some snacks help eat habits.
Some snacks help energy levels.
Some snacks help habits.
Some snacks help healthy eat habits.
Some snacks help healthy habits.
Some snacks help levels.
A snaffle is a bit
Snaffles are bits.
Snaffles are very versatile.
Snaffles can have many kinds of mouthpieces and cheek ring styles.
Snaffles tend to encourage a horse to travel with a low head and a stretched neck.
A snafu is blunder
Snafu is a small country operating under a fixed exchange rate system.
Snafu is used mostly as a noun.
Snafus are blunder.
Some snafus remain.
Snag creation occurs naturally as trees die due to old age, disease, drought, or wildfire.
Snag golf is played as a tool for beginners.
A snag is a bulge
Snag is highly flexible and can be integrated into practically every type of Internet network.
Snags also provide essential habitat requirements for cavity-using amphibians, reptiles and mammals.
Snags are a boon for backyard wildlife fanciers.
Snags are also great storers of carbon.
Snags are another characteristic feature of an old-growth forest.
Snags are bulges.
Snags are critical habitat for many species of birds, mammals, and arthropods.
Snags are essential to wildlife and are usually called wildlife trees.
Snags are extremely important for providing food, nest sites and homes for woodpeckers.
Snags are for wildlife.
Snags are great for attracting woodpeckers.
Snags are home to many birds and mammals.
Snags are home to many insects, birds, and mammals.
Snags are important for wildlife habitat and soil regeneration after a fire.
Snags are important habitat for many species of wildlife.
Snags are important homes for many species of wildlife in Olympic.
Snags are mostly absent from reforested areas.
Snags are part of the deal.
Snags are sausage.
Snags are the most important home for many forest creatures.
Snags are trees.
Snags give woodpeckers a place to excavate cavities to nest in.
Snags occur most frequently in loop pile constructions.
Snags open a sun path to new seedlings and offer homes for wildlife.
Snags provide excellent places to perch or nest, as can be seen in the picture below.
Snags provide homes for dozens of birds and mammals.
Snags provide important food and cover for a wide variety of wildlife species.
Snags provide important homes for many animals.
Snags provide perches for birds of prey, and sites for cavity nesters.
Snags provide perches that hawks and other predatory birds use to search for prey.
Snags serve as perches and nesting sites for a variety of birds.
Snags think makeup overshadows natural beauty.
Most snags are obvious but submerged snags abound.
Some snags arise when working out the details.
Some snags have to be removed and full scale production undertaken.
Snail caviar reflects the ultimate luxury.
Snail farming is one of the fastest growing agricultural industries.
Snail mail addresses Jazz is an important part of the Louisiana cultural scene.
Snail mail addresses only.
Snail mail can be send to the old address until the final details are known.
Snail mail costs money and there's no way around it.
Snail mail is a public service, subsidized by public funds.
Snail mail is almost preferable.
Snail mail is also available by filling out the snail mail address at the bottom of the form.
Snail mail is also important.
Snail mail is always an option, too.
Snail mail is basically useless, and the phone is of limited use.
Snail mail is below.
Snail mail is cheap.
Snail mail is computer slang for regular postal carrier mail.
Snail mail is cool, too .
Snail mail is fine too.
Snail mail is fine.
Snail mail is formal.
Snail mail is good, too.
Snail mail is just that, snail mail.
Snail mail is largely junk.
Snail mail is mail
Snail mail is mail.
Snail mail is much more reliable and faster than email.
Snail mail is o.k.
Snail mail is on it's way.
Snail mail is out of fashion is our guess.
Snail mail is preferred.
Snail mail is probably best, but e-mail is better than nothing.
Snail mail is probably somewhat unusual today for personal communication.
Snail mail is readily available.
Snail mail is slang for postal mail.
Snail mail is the most secure method to use for correspondence.
Snail mail is the term used to indicate letters sent via regular ground or air postal routes.
Snail mail is the thirty two cent miracle.
Snail mail is too slow anyway, and it's a lot of work.
Snail mail is too slow.
Snail mail is unacceptable for the vast majority of problems.
Snail mail makes a better impression.
Snail mail requires additional time, of course, but often leads to disappointment.
Snail mail takes days or longer to travel from place to place.
Snail mail takes longer.
Snail mail works too.
Snail pellets are the common control method.
Snail poison causes illnesses.
Most snail poison causes illnesses.
Snail shell coils in one plane.
Snail shell is made of calcium carbonate and keeps growing as long as the snail grows.
Snail shells are spiral, flowers are symmetric.
Snail shells have spiral symmetry, and delphiniums have five equally spaced petals.
Some snail shells contain crabs.
Some snail shells contain hermit crabs.
Some snail slime affects skin.
A snail is an univalve
Snail isa gastropod.
Snail lives in ocean.
Snail squishes in slowly suggesting other partnerships.
Snails accelerate to avoid lead.
Snails adapt to habitats.
Snails also have a mantle that covers the internal organ that is called a foot.
Snails also possess good medicinal value with regard to certain gastric ailments.
Snails appear in gardens.
Snails appear in habitats.
Snails appear to have found equal favour with the ancients.
Snails are a delicacy in French cuisine , where they are called escargots .
Snails are a good example.
Snails are a great source of calcium, but hard to find in the right size.
Snails are a popular dietary item for urban opossums.
Snails are a vector for liver flukes.
Snails are able to breathe through their skin as well.
Snails are able to survive intact after being eaten by birds, according to scientists.
Snails are all healthy and moving around, and the plants are thriving.
Snails are also a high-preference food.
Snails are also fond of the occasional drop of beer.
Snails are also important to the health of a garden pond, as they consume excess organic matter.
Snails are an easy addition to any classroom.
Snails are an easy addition to the classroom.
Snails are an intermediate host for some of the parasites.
Snails are an intermediate host to the flukes.
Snails are animals.
Snails are animals.
Snails are annelids.
Snails are another destructive pest, particularly during the later stage of growth.
Snails are apparently important.
Snails are at the bottom of the food chain.
Snails are attracted to the carbohydrates and yeast in beer, and crawl into the trap and drown.
Snails are decomposers, an important part of the food cycle.
Snails are dormant in summer and their activity is triggered by rain in autumn.
Snails are eaten as food in some parts of the world.
Snails are eaten most often in European countries.
Snails are especially important when drought or hard weather makes it difficult to find other food .
Snails are especially important when drought or hard weather makes it difficult to find other food.
Snails are extremely important in the turn over of the organic material.
Snails are found all over the world.
Snails are found in almost any environment.
Snails are found in freshwater, marine, and terrestrial environments.
Snails are full of goodness.
Snails are gastropods with a coiled shell large enough for the animal can retract inside it.
Snails are gastropods.
Snails are gastropods.
Snails are good for helping to clean up the debris.
Snails are good to fill a glass lamp.
Snails are herbivores.
Snails are herbivorous which is why most of their diet comprises plants and vegetation.
Snails are hermaphrodites but they have to mate before laying some days later.
Snails are hermaphrodites.
Snails are hermaphrodites.
Snails are high up on our list of favourite foods.
Snails are hopeless.
Snails are infested by several species of trematode worms which consume gonads of males.
Snails are invertebrates , which are animals with no backbones.
Snails are invertebrates, which are animals with no backbones.
Snails are known as snails.
Snails are located in environments.
Snails are located in shells.
Snails are located on environments.
Snails are located on ground.
Snails are located on habitats.
Snails are meat.
Snails are mollusks - as are their cousins the slugs.
Snails are mollusks.
Snails are more abundant near limestome, and in more arid climates.
Snails are most active at night and after rainfall .
Snails are most active at night or on cloudy, high humidity days.
Snails are most likely to be found in the leaf litter under the tree.
Snails are mostly intestine, except for the meaty foot.
Snails are needed in the fluke life cycle.
Snails are omnivores, but eat mostly small plants and minerals from rocks.
Snails are one of the earliest known types of animals in the world.
Snails are one of the easiest of the exotic pets to keep.
Snails are popular pets, and are a commonplace addition to salt-water aquariums.
Snails are rapid reproducers, breeding as often as once a month.
Snails are shellfish.
Snails are slimy and soft bodied with slimy spiral shells about one inch long.
Snails are so diverse that there are land snails, sea snails and freshwater snails.
Snails are stocked at the rate of one snail for every one to two square feet of pond surface area.
Snails are surprisingly strong for their size, and are able to climb to the top of almost any tank.
Snails are the intermediary host for anchor worm.
Snails are the latest recruits to palaeoclimatology.
Snails are the slowest insects.
Snails are the vector.
Snails are univalves, which means they have one shell.
Snails are vegetarians and eat many kinds of plant material.
Snails are very active at night.
Snails are very important in the cycling of calcium.
Snails are very popular in Andalusia , Valencia and Catalonia .
Snails are very small animals that are only a few inches long and often weigh only a few ounces.
Snails are viewed as everything from delicacies in France, to cheap bar snacks in Portugal.
Snails arrive plump, juicy and coated with a herb butter.
Snails avoid garlic, chives, and wormwood plants and spices.
Snails avoid protective borders of sand, lime, or ashes.
Snails become active and move down from their aestivation sites.
Snails become very inactive in winter.
Snails belong to genus.
Snails break world speed records in comparison.
Snails can absorb mineral nutrients through their foot by simply sitting on a rock containing it.
Snails can act as one gender in a season and the other gender next season.
Snails can also gnaw through limestone.
Snails can be a problem in California.
Snails can be a problem in shady, moist locations where roots are kept cool and moist.
Snails can be difficult to control, and sometimes a multipronged attack is best.
Snails can be marine , aquatic , or terrestrial .
Snails can be objects of fascination for kids playing outside.
Snails can be serious pests to young trees.
Snails can become unwanted pests, damaging the environment, local organisms, and food webs.
Snails can cause serious damage to crops.
Snails can choose sexual or asexual reproduction strategies.
Snails can control the amount of slime on some riverbeds.
Snails can defoliate young trees and damage fruit.
Snails can devour entire plants overnight.
Snails can eat through cardboard.
Snails can have a long life.
Snails can only crawl.
Snails can pass unscathed through a the digestive system of birds and fish.
Snails can penetrate a shell as thick as five millimeters.
Snails can sleep for three years without eating.
Snails can store the sperm for up to a year, but typically lay eggs within a couple of weeks.
Snails chew leaves.
Snails come in a variety of colors including yellow, brown, gray, and black.
Snails come in hundreds of sizes, shapes, and colors.
Snails come out at night to feed because it is safe then.
Snails consume algas.
Snails consume fish food.
Snails consume food.
Snails consume rot vegetation.
Snails consume vegetation.
Snails contain both land and aquatic animals.
Snails contain many nutrients .
Snails crawl along by a large, muscular foot.
Snails crawl amidst algae and aquatic plants in the monitor.
Snails demand culinary color.
Snails depend on food.
Snails depend on plants.
Snails destroy plants.
Snails develop ability.
Snails die under salty conditions.
Snails differ from slugs in that they have a shell in which to hide.
Snails drink pure water.
Snails eat algae.
Snails eat almost any kind of plant.
Snails eat both cornmeal and cornstarch.
Snails eat both dead and living plant material.
Snails eat by asserting radula against the leaf rasping it and scraping away particles.
Snails eat calcium food which is basically required for their shell.
Snails eat eggs off of sheep feces.
Snails eat fish food.
Snails eat food.
Snails eat fruits and vegetables.
Snails eat grass.
Snails eat large meals.
Snails eat leaves.
Snails eat meals.
Snails eat mostly living plants as well as decaying plants.
Snails eat mostly plants.
Snails eat mussels and barnacles.
Snails eat plants.
Snails eat the bait, fall and die.
Snails eat the larvae.
Snails eat the waste debris that collects in the pond.
Snails eat vegetables.
Snails eat vegetation.
Snails enter into states.
Snails enter water.
Snails even have medicinal uses.
Snails excrete urea.
Snails exist on a diet primarily of living and decaying plants, fruits, and barks.
Snails explore their garden home.
Snails feed mainly on decaying plants and fungi.
Snails feed on decay matter.
Snails feed on decay plant matter.
Snails feed on leaves.
Snails feed on matter.
Snails feed on organic matter.
Snails feed on plants.
Snails find a hard substrate and attach themselves, sealing off the opening of the shell.
Snails find food.
Snails fit in well with other farming activities, helping to . . .
Snails generally use smell, sight and feel to find food.
Snails get size.
Snails give birth to snails.
Snails grow by laying down new material around the edge of the roughly circular opening.
Snails grow rings inside of the shell as they grow.
Snails grow shells.
Snails grow to cms.
Snails has-part feelers.
Snails has-part glands.
Snails has-part organs.
Snails hate salt.
Snails have (part) brains.
Snails have (part) carapaces.
Snails have (part) cell membranes.
Snails have (part) cells.
Snails have (part) corpi.
Snails have (part) cytoplasm.
Snails have (part) ears.
Snails have (part) faces.
Snails have (part) heads.
Snails have (part) nuclei.
Snails have (part) plasma membranes.
Snails have (part) sections.
Snails have (part) shellfishes.
Snails have (part) shells.
Snails have (part) skulls.
Snails have (part) vacuoles.
Snails have a four-part brain capable of learning.
Snails have a hard shell which can also provide extra safety and shelter from predators and the sun.
Snails have a long soft body with a shell stuck on the back.
Snails have a prominent external shell and slugs have an internal shell.
Snails have a small air hole that it opens to breath.
Snails have a spiral shell with a distinct head and retractable foot.
Snails have a spirally curved shell, a broad retractable foot and a distinct head.
Snails have a spirally curved shell, a broad retractable foot, and a distinct head.
Snails have antennae and a pair of well-defined eyes.
Snails have bacteria.
Snails have basic structures.
Snails have chambers.
Snails have characteristics.
Snails have different shaped shells.
Snails have diverse patterns.
Snails have eyes.
Snails have feelings, flowers smile.
Snails have female organs.
Snails have female reproductive organs.
Snails have fragile shells.
Snails have gas exchange structures.
Snails have holes.
Snails have larvae.
Snails have little flavor of their own and what one really enjoys is the buttery, garlicky, sauce.
Snails have many predators in the wild.
Snails have mechanisms.
Snails have much time.
Snails have one shell and are knows as univalve mollusks.
Snails have organs.
Snails have patterns.
Snails have predators.
Snails have reproduction.
Snails have reproductive organs.
Snails have second stage larvae.
Snails have several characteristics.
Snails have sex.
Snails have shells.
Snails have shells.
Snails have similar slime but seem less loathsome because the shell covers some of the goo.
Snails have size.
Snails have small slits on their necks where fertilization occurs and the eggs develop.
Snails have spiky shells.
Snails have spiral shells.
Snails have stage larvae.
Snails have structures.
Snails have thin shells.
Snails have thousands of tiny teeth on their tongues called radula.
Snails have time.
Snails have to feed on foods that include large amounts of calcium.
Snails have torsion , a process where the body coils to one side during development .
Snails have torsion, a process where the body coils to one side during development.
Snails have two pairs of tentacles on the head.
Snails have two pairs of tentacles, a single broad flat foot and bear a spirally-coiled shell.
Snails have two pairs of tentacles.
Snails have well developed shells, which are generally spiral in shape.
Snails Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Snails help keep the pool liner clean of algea and help keep the water clearer.
Snails hide in shells.
Snails inhabit coral reef zones.
Snails inhabit tidal zones.
Snails inhabit zones.
Snails inpuff pastry with garlic parsley sauce and tomato is another favorite.
Snails kill prey.
Snails lay eggs.
Snails leave a slime trail as they move on their muscular foot.
Snails live in environments.
Snails live in moist places.
Snails live in places.
Snails live in regions.
Snails live in states.
Snails live on damp habitats.
Snails live on ground.
Snails live on habitats.
Snails live on plants.
Snails look is less flashy and more functional.
Snails love leaves.
Snails mainly mate on warm nights during the summer months.
Snails make discharge.
Snails make shells.
Snails move according to their own reflexes and instincts.
Snails move around a lot more under humid, moist conditions than under dry conditions.
Snails move at an incredible slow speed.
Snails move by a muscular, slimy foot under their body.
Snails move by crawling, swimming, or floating with currents.
Snails move by creeping along.
Snails move by muscle contractions throughout their foot and easily slide on their mucus.
Snails move by sliding on their single foot.
Snails move by the activity of waves of muscles passing forward along the sole of the foot.
Snails move slowly so the guppies have a chance to pick food off the bottom.
Snails move to yards.
Snails ogles an elf.
Snails only move short distances on their own.
Snails perform an important role by eating the dead plant material.
Snails possess a radula, which is a rough, tongue-like organ with rows of tiny teeth.
Snails possess a single shell that is usually coiled, although sometimes flattened and cone shaped.
Snails possess blood.
Snails possess shells.
Snails prefer habitats.
Snails prefer stand water.
Snails prefer to live in cool, dark places.
Snails prefer warm water.
Snails prefer water.
Snails range greatly in size.
Snails reach adult size.
Snails reach maturity.
Snails reach reproductive maturity.
Snails reach sexual maturity.
Snails reach size.
Snails regenerate shells.
Snails relate to snails.
Snails reproduce by inseminating each other with sperm.
Snails require diets.
Snails require environments.
Snails require habitats.
Snails require moist, humid conditions to thrive.
Snails require plants.
Snails requires only that a contestant can count to two.
Snails resemble snails.
Snails roam earth.
Snails scroll the border Of the glazed water With coils of ram's-horn.
Snails search for food.
Snails secrete a type of mucus or slime from their mucous gland.
Snails secrete acid.
Snails secrete adhesive mucuses.
Snails secrete mucus externally to keep their soft bodies from drying out.
Snails secrete mucuses.
Snails seek damp, protected places.
Snails seem to be moving about seemingly comfortable in their new habitat.
Snails seem to be popular in Europe but they're just a tad difficult to obtain here in Aus.
Snails shine damp branches.
Snails show a tremendous variety of shapes, based primarily upon the logarithmic spiral .
Snails show significant variation.
Snails show variation.
Snails sire offspring.
Snails spend many hours courting before they mate.
Snails start feeding , their reproductive organs mature and they copulate.
Snails survive adverse conditions.
Snails survive conditions.
Snails survive for months.
Snails survive for several months.
Snails survive for weeks.
Snails survive harsh conditions.
Snails survive in different habitats.
Snails survive in habitats.
Snails survive winter.
Snails swallow food.
Snails then hits a guard with a stick.
Snails thrive in environments.
Snails thrive in shells.
Snails travel long distances, as well, but often leave a broken trail.
Snails use their chewing mout-parts to chew holes in foliage.
Snails use their radula to cut food.
Snails utilize some bromeliads for concealment rather than food.
Snails often attach themselves to underside of boards.
Snails often breed under ceramic pots.
Snails often browse on plants when supplies of prepared food, dead fish or algae are low.
Snails often harbor the bacteria.
Snails often have parasites that affect man and other animals.
Snails often lay eggs once a month.
Snails usually spend the winter hiding under garden debris.
All snails are classified as mollusks because of the hard shell that protects their bodies.
All snails are male until they mate, which is when something pretty strange happens.
All snails grow better and have stronger shells when there is a lot of calcium in the soil.
Many snails are herbivores as they rely on plants and algae for their daily consumption.
Many snails are used as food, particularly abroad.
Many snails can withdraw into the shell and close it off with a lid called an operculum.
Many snails have an operculum, a plate that closes the gastropod's opening.
Many snails inflicted with love darts suffer open wounds and sometimes death.
Many snails live in the littoral zone.
Most snails adapt to habitats.
Most snails appear in gardens.
Most snails appear in habitats.
Most snails are herbivores and feed on plant parts.
Most snails are herbivores, but some are omnivores.
Most snails are known as snails.
Most snails are located in environments.
Most snails are located on environments.
Most snails are located on ground.
Most snails are located on habitats.
Most snails are omnivores, while others are herbivores or even carnivores.
Most snails bear one or two pairs of tentacles on their heads.
Most snails belong to genus.
Most snails depend on food.
Most snails depend on plants.
Most snails destroy plants.
Most snails develop ability.
Most snails eat fish food.
Most snails eat food.
Most snails eat grass.
Most snails eat large meals.
Most snails eat leaves.
Most snails eat living and decaying plants, but some are scavengers and some are predators.
Most snails eat plants.
Most snails eat vegetables.
Most snails enjoy having plants in the tank to graze on.
Most snails enter into states.
Most snails enter water.
Most snails excrete urea.
Most snails feed on decay matter.
Most snails feed on decay plant matter.
Most snails feed on leaves.
Most snails feed on matter.
Most snails feed on organic matter.
Most snails feed on plants.
Most snails feed on rotting vegetation, and leftover food.
Most snails find food.
Most snails get size.
Most snails give birth to snails.
Most snails grow shells.
Most snails grow to cms.
Most snails has-part feelers.
Most snails has-part glands.
Most snails has-part organs.
Most snails have bacteria.
Most snails have basic structures.
Most snails have chambers.
Most snails have characteristics.
Most snails have diverse patterns.
Most snails have eyes.
Most snails have female organs.
Most snails have female reproductive organs.
Most snails have fragile shells.
Most snails have gas exchange structures.
Most snails have holes.
Most snails have larvae.
Most snails have mechanisms.
Most snails have much time.
Most snails have organs.
Most snails have patterns.
Most snails have predators.
Most snails have reproduction.
Most snails have reproductive organs.
Most snails have second stage larvae.
Most snails have several characteristics.
Most snails have sex.
Most snails have shells.
Most snails have size.
Most snails have spiky shells.
Most snails have spiral shells on their backs into which they can pull back for protection.
Most snails have spiral shells.
Most snails have stage larvae.
Most snails have structures.
Most snails have thin shells.
Most snails have time.
Most snails hide in shells.
Most snails inhabit coral reef zones.
Most snails inhabit tidal zones.
Most snails kill prey.
Most snails lay eggs but some, like the trapdoor snail, give live birth.
Most snails lay eggs.
Most snails live off plants and dead organic matter, although a few are carnivorous.
Most snails make discharge.
Most snails make shells.
Most snails move to yards.
Most snails possess blood.
Most snails pull in their food by scraping or rasping algal film off the substrate.
Most snails reach adult size.
Most snails reach maturity.
Most snails reach reproductive maturity.
Most snails reach sexual maturity.
Most snails reach size.
Most snails relate to snails.
Most snails require diets.
Most snails require environments.
Most snails require habitats.
Most snails require plants.
Most snails show significant variation.
Most snails show variation.
Most snails survive adverse conditions.
Most snails survive for months.
Most snails survive for several months.
Most snails survive for weeks.
Most snails survive harsh conditions.
Most snails survive in different habitats.
Most snails survive in habitats.
Most snails survive winter.
Most snails thrive in environments.
Most snails thrive in shells.
Some snails appear to have ridges on their shells.
Some snails are aquatic and live in water.
Some snails are aquatic, and live in water.
Some snails are capable of both sexual and asexual reproduction.
Some snails are even parthenogenetic, that is, their eggs develop without fertilization.
Some snails are herbivores, eating almost exclusively plants.
Some snails are hermaphroditic and engage in cross fertilization.
Some snails are inside eggs.
Some snails are killed by crabs.
Some snails are killed by red crabs.
Some snails are killed by red rock crabs.
Some snails are killed by rock crabs.
Some snails are located at farms.
Some snails are located in bays.
Some snails are located in grass.
Some snails are located in ground.
Some snails are located in rivers.
Some snails are located in swamp.
Some snails are located in water.
Some snails are located on beaches.
Some snails are located on floors.
Some snails are located on flowers.
Some snails are located on gardens.
Some snails are located on grass.
Some snails are located on plants.
Some snails are notorious for finding ways to escape from their tanks.
Some snails avoid enemies.
Some snails avoid predators.
Some snails avoid salt.
Some snails become slugs.
Some snails belong to diverse families.
Some snails belong to families.
Some snails build shells.
Some snails can have babies.
Some snails can have dramatic effects.
Some snails can have effects.
Some snails can pull over three times their own body-weight.
Some snails carry organisms.
Some snails carry parasites.
Some snails depend on gardens.
Some snails depend on habitats.
Some snails dig shallow holes.
Some snails eat algae.
Some snails eat dirt.
Some snails eat dungs.
Some snails eat fish.
Some snails eat flowers.
Some snails eat garden snails.
Some snails eat herbivorous snails.
Some snails eat meat.
Some snails eat prey.
Some snails emerge from water.
Some snails end up floating to the surface simply because air bubbles get trapped in their shells.
Some snails engage in cross fertilization.
Some snails engage in fertilization.
Some snails enter environments.
Some snails enter ground.
Some snails even live on land.
Some snails excrete acid.
Some snails excrete urine.
Some snails exhibit sexual reproduction.
Some snails fall into rivers.
Some snails feed on algas.
Some snails feed on bark.
Some snails feed on bivalves.
Some snails feed on grass.
Some snails feed on marsh grass.
Some snails float in ponds.
Some snails float in water.
Some snails go into states.
Some snails has-part stomachs.
Some snails have a solid plug to close the shell opening after the animal retreats inside.
Some snails have ability.
Some snails have advantage.
Some snails have aperture.
Some snails have brains.
Some snails have cavities.
Some snails have corneas.
Some snails have defects.
Some snails have density.
Some snails have flaps of skin which partially or fully enclose the shell.
Some snails have fronts.
Some snails have genetic defects.
Some snails have grey skin.
Some snails have immense appetite.
Some snails have life.
Some snails have lungs.
Some snails have mantle cavities.
Some snails have moist skin.
Some snails have molluscs.
Some snails have pale skin.
Some snails have potential.
Some snails have ranges.
Some snails have rights.
Some snails have skin.
Some snails have teeth.
Some snails have tentacles.
Some snails have very pretty shells.
Some snails have wide aperture.
Some snails hear sound.
Some snails hibernate during winter.
Some snails inhabit arid regions.
Some snails inhabit regions.
Some snails live for years.
Some snails live in cliffs.
Some snails live in deserts.
Some snails live in floors.
Some snails live in ground.
Some snails live in habitats.
Some snails live in Kansas.
Some snails live in marsh.
Some snails live in oceans.
Some snails live in rivers.
Some snails live in saltwaters.
Some snails live in tops.
Some snails live in trees.
Some snails live in vary habitats.
Some snails live in water.
Some snails live on beaches.
Some snails live on environments.
Some snails live on food.
Some snails live on grass.
Some snails live on land and some live in water.
Some snails lose appetite.
Some snails make damage.
Some snails migrate to water.
Some snails obtain food by using their radula to drill holes in the shells of other mollusks.
Some snails occupy ranges.
Some snails only come out at night.
Some snails possess mantle lobes.
Some snails prefer darkness.
Some snails produce borings or drill holes into other molluscs, such as clams.
Some snails produce fluid.
Some snails produce secretion.
Some snails provide food.
Some snails provide meals.
Some snails pump blood.
Some snails receive food.
Some snails rely on diets.
Some snails require cells.
Some snails require other food sources, such as fish food or bottom feeder tablets.
Some snails require water.
Some snails serve as food.
Some snails serve as meals.
Some snails serve as proteins.
Some snails serve roles.
Some snails show differences.
Some snails sit in fields.
Some snails survive predation.
Some snails take places.
Some snails thrive in bays.
Some snails thrive in marsh.
Some snails withdraw into their shells, which owners frequently mistake as a sign of death.
Snails shells are circulars.
Snake beans are for areas with very warm summers.
Some snake birds eat numbats.
Snake bites are another concern in the desert.
Snake bites are more of a problem.
Snake bites can be a danger in Northern Canada.
Snake bites can cause severe local tissue damage and often require follow-up care.
Any snake bite needs emergency evaluation.
Most snake bites are by non-venomous snakes.
Most snake bites occur as a result of teasing or trying to handle snakes.
Most snake bites occur when someone accidentally steps on a snake while walking in the countryside.
Some snake bites are the result of nonpoisonous snakes.
A snake charmer is a performer
Snake charmers are performers.
Snake charmers keep mongooses for mock fights with snakes.
Snake charmers keep the snake inside a dark basket.
Snake charmers remove venomous teeth to prevent bites.
Snake charmers start gathering snakes, thereby saving the lives of the young serpents.
Snake charmers wander about with all sorts of snakes, to which people offer milk.
Many snake charmers remove the fangs from the cobras, or even excise the fang-bearing jaw bone.
Snake Creek receives runoff from an area that is predominantly forested.
Snake eyes have nothing on a good blade.
Snake handlers take it really literally.
Snake handling is for woosies.
Snake men are handsome.
Snake meat contains calories.
Snake oil can be very profitable.
Snake oil comes in all kinds of bottles.
Snake oil is a liquid
Snake people are charming, and like the Dragon, attract attention wherever they go.
Snake people are poor communications, unable to win the trust of others.
Snake people can never tolerate a promise that's been broken.
A snake plant is a tracheophyte
Snake plant is a carefree, tough succulent that grows almost anywhere.
Snake plants are ideal for floor or table plants in harsh conditions.
Snake River accesses.
Snake River fall chinook spawn in the river's mainstem.
Snake skin covers one end of the drum.
Snake skin moves the way the foot flexes.
Snake skin sandals.
Snake soup is among the most treasured soups in China.
Snake tongues collect particles.
Snake venom can affect every major organ system in the body directly or indirectly.
Snake venom has many medical benefits.
Snake venom holds promise for a variety of medical uses.
Snake venom is a complex mixture containing many proteins that trigger harmful reactions.
Snake venom is a mixture of toxic proteins.
Snake venom is considered a treasure box of enzymes.
Snake venom is extremely dangerous.
Snake venom is one of the most complex substances known.
Snake venom is proteins.
Snake venom is really just highly specialized saliva.
Snake venom is the product of modified salivary glands.
Snake venom is used in painkillers, blood thinners, and blood clotting agents.
Snake venom is venom
Snake venom is venom.
Snake venom lowers the resistance of the blood to infections.
Snake venom works on victims in two main ways.
Snake venoms are a complex mixture of chemicals, some of which have important medical properties.
Snake venoms are a rich source of degradative enzymes, which greatly contribute to their toxicity.
Snake venoms are capable of activating many components of the hemostatic system.
Snake venoms are probably the most complicated animal venoms in the world.
Many snake venoms have powerful anticoagulant or procoagulant activities.
Most snake venoms are mixtures of neurotoxins and hemotoxins.
Some snake venom enters blood streams.
Some snake venom enters streams.
Some snake venom kills rabbits.
Some snake venoms prevent blood clotting in their victims.
Snake wood handles with curved stainless single bolster.
Snake wood is a tree
Snake worship is common in different parts of the country.
Snake worship is fairly common and has occured in many cultures worldwide.
Snake worship is of doubtful occurrence, owing to the rarity of snakes in Haiti.
Snake worship is still widespread in Asia and Africa.
Snake years are usually mysterious to most zodiac animals.
A snake is a reptile
Snake adds that extra touch to rabbit's hardworking nature by providing advise.
Snake also symbolizes cycle of life and death.
Snake be around lots philosophy nor fallen ski-doo.
Snake be around lots philosophy nor fallen snow mobile drag racing.
Snake be around lots philosophy nor fallen snowmobiling in new england.
Snake be around lots philosophy nor fallen thundercat arctic cat snowmobiles.
Snake calls to WCOs are common.
Snake causes a car to explode, and then shoots several people with a machine gun and then runs off.
Snake coiled is more dangerous than one uncoiled.
Snake comes from the Snake Family.
Snake constantly gets out of one intense situation and is immediately thrown into another.
Snake contains strong fire, strong earth, and strong metal.
Snake crawls, hisses.
Snake creeps down.
Snake drinks water and makes poison.
Snake has to hide in shadows, creep up on guards, avoid security cameras and so on.
Snake hides a deep secret.
Snake hides in a box.
Snake is a common food found in all the markets.
Snake is clearly the work of a powerful imagination.
Snake is English name of the whole race.
Snake is linear, but when it feeds back into itself it becomes the archetype of nonlinear being.
Snake is methodical, secretive and strong willed.
Snake is more of a fantasy character.
Snake is ruthless while pig is trusting and generous always warm and caring.
Snake is supposed to be particularly good in winter because it is regarded as heart warming .
Snake is the newest addition, and acts as the footman.
Snake is the symbol for transmutation in Native lore.
Snake is their favorite word to hear in their so called Snake Planet.
Snake is very popular in China and is even considered by some to be a delicacy.
Snake isa reptile.
Snake obey within the living-room although swallow national geographic.
Snake owns a nightclub where Zambia is dying to hang out.
Snake runs and hips galore.
Snake runs like hell, and the credits appear.
Snake sees two cars drive by where the riders fire machine guns at each other.
Snake settle Wheat above mirror till several helicopter sale nor highlight out all illustration.
Snake settle Wheat above mirror till several telecom nor highlight out all illustration.
Snake sheds skin.
Snake shows how to access vitality, ambitions and dreams along with intellect and personal power.
Snake smokes a cigarette.
Snake strikes to inject venom.
Snake symbolizes cunning, evil, and supernatural power.
Snake teaches the lessons of mystery, adaptability, femininity, transformation and healing.
Snake thinks long term and far sighted while monkey is an opportunist.
Snake toxins proteins.
Snake treks deep into the jungle.
Snake venoms Certain snake venoms have fibrinolyases that can digest clots.
Snake walks into a room.
Snakes accumulate fat in fall to prepare for hibernation.
Snakes actually mate by coiling the ends of their tails around each other.
Snakes add a new rattle segment each time they shed.
Snakes add to the creepy crawliness of the place.
Snakes also are prime vole predators.
Snakes also find shelter under scrap metal, wood piles, trash, and other debris.
Snakes also grow fast.
Snakes also have a tendency to exaggerate and tell lies.
Snakes also have a ZW system, but again it is a different chromosome with different genes.
Snakes also lack external ear openings.
Snakes also live on the prairie.
Snakes also slither about the exhibits.
Snakes also smell in a very different way than mammals.
Snakes also use entrance areas.
Snakes also use the entrance to the cave, especially in hot summer months.
Snakes also vary in escape behavior.
Snakes ambush prey.
Snakes are a constant danger.
Snakes are a deadly menace to sheep.
Snakes are a fascinating part of Iowa's wildlife diversity.
Snakes are a fascinating species, found on every continent and in almost every kind of habitat.
Snakes are a favorite pet to smuggle into the state.
Snakes are a good pet choice for people with allergies.
Snakes are a hard sell, of course, but that only makes the enterprise more worthy.
Snakes are a major predator of birds overseas.
Snakes are a much maligned creature with many myths surrounding it.
Snakes are a particular hazard in shallow shafts and shafts with near-surface work levels.
Snakes are a small part of the ecosystem surrounding Dryden.
Snakes are a symbol of spiritual potency in some parts of the world, but demonic to others.
Snakes are a very interesting animal.
Snakes are active at night in hot weather, so use a flashlight and wear shoes.
Snakes are adept at climbing most short poles to rob nests.
Snakes are also abundant at certain places and are also harvested for food.
Snakes are also beneficial to man in many ways.
Snakes are also food for other birds and animals.
Snakes are also part of Australian country life -normal caution is recommended when visiting.
Snakes are also sensitive to vibrations and have reasonably good vision.
Snakes are also slinky, but most people like their pets to have feet and fur.
Snakes are also symbolic of change and healing.
Snakes are always wise.
Snakes are amazingly strong.
Snakes are among the many creatures that play a critical role in the natural world.
Snakes are among the most recently evolved of the main reptile lineages alive today.
Snakes are an essential component of Pennsylvania's wildlife resources.
Snakes are an important food source for a number of other animals such as birds of prey.
Snakes are an important link in the food chain.
Snakes are an important part of the environment.
Snakes are an important part of the food chain.
Snakes are an integral part of the environment.
Snakes are an integral part of the food web in any environment.
Snakes are animals of which people usually have strong opinions.
Snakes are animals.
Snakes are another good example of mimicry.
Snakes are another possibility.
Snakes are another potential danger.
Snakes are approx.
Snakes are around so keep an eye out, they are abundant.
Snakes are attracted to such areas.
Snakes are awake in the spring when they hear the first thunder.
Snakes are bad.
Snakes are beneficial and necessary for a balanced ecosystem.
Snakes are capable of pets.
Snakes are carnivores only.
Snakes are carnivorous .
Snakes are carnivorous and possess many teeth which are regularly replaced.
Snakes are carnivorous reptiles.
Snakes are carnivorous.
Snakes are cold-blooded animals.
Snakes are cold-blooded reptiles.
Snakes are common but in general shy.
Snakes are common too.
Snakes are creatures that easily capture our interest.
Snakes are dangerous, but a puppy is harmless.
Snakes are deaf to airborne sounds.
Snakes are deaf.
Snakes are descended from marine reptiles.
Snakes are descended from reptiles.
Snakes are desirable because they help control rodent and insect populations.
Snakes are diapsids.
Snakes are different.
Snakes are easy to take care of.
Snakes are either male or female.
Snakes are either oviparous or viviparous.
Snakes are either secondary or tertiary consumers.
Snakes are elongate and limbless, although vestigial pelvis often present, and external ear absent.
Snakes are elongated, limbless, flexible reptiles.
Snakes are especially handy because they're long enough to reach clogs deep in the drainpipe.
Snakes are especially important in the control of rodents such as mice and rats.
Snakes are everywhere.
Snakes are evolved from ancestors.
Snakes are extremely difficult to animate.
Snakes are extremely rare.
Snakes are fairly misunderstood creatures, and absolutely critical for a balanced eco-system.
Snakes are fascinating and elegant animals - read about their lives in Britain.
Snakes are fascinating animals, and they play an important role in our landscapes.
Snakes are fascinating animals.
Snakes are fascinating creatures that deserve respect.
Snakes are fond of cow's milk.
Snakes are found in a huge range of colors, from bright to dull.
Snakes are found in many habitats including in the water, forests , deserts and prairies.
Snakes are found in many habitats including in the water, forests, deserts and prairies.
Snakes are geckos' main predators.
Snakes are generally shy animals who want nothing to do with people.
Snakes are generally solitary creatures and have little to no interest in humans.
Snakes are generally unpopular animals even among many nature enthusiasts.
Snakes are good.
Snakes are graceful and soft spoken.
Snakes are great stress relievers.
Snakes are immune to their own poison.
Snakes are important for keeping rodent populations in check and in turn are food for birds of prey.
Snakes are important in controlling pest species, such as rodents, rabbits, and insects.
Snakes are important predators in desert ecosystems.
Snakes are important to help keep the balance of nature.
Snakes are important to keep rodents under control.
Snakes are impressive animals that arouse a wide range of reactions among people.
Snakes are intellectuals, philosophers, and deep thinkers.
Snakes are intelligent, talented, determined and a great organizer.
Snakes are isolated creatures when it comes to their living behaviors.
Snakes are kind of like a reptile.
Snakes are largely the quokka's only predator on the island.
Snakes are legless reptiles that live on the ground, in trees, or in water.
Snakes are legless reptiles.
Snakes are legless, and rely heavily on scent rather than vision.
Snakes are like any other living creatures.
Snakes are limbless reptiles.
Snakes are limbless, most people have arms and legs.
Snakes are located in amazons.
Snakes are located in aquariums.
Snakes are located in arid areas.
Snakes are located in barns.
Snakes are located in basements.
Snakes are located in bedrooms.
Snakes are located in beds.
Snakes are located in bibles.
Snakes are located in boots.
Snakes are located in burrows.
Snakes are located in cages.
Snakes are located in caves.
Snakes are located in coils.
Snakes are located in countries.
Snakes are located in creeks.
Snakes are located in cubs.
Snakes are located in dens.
Snakes are located in dessert.
Snakes are located in ditchs.
Snakes are located in earth.
Snakes are located in fields.
Snakes are located in gardens.
Snakes are located in gullies.
Snakes are located in habitats.
Snakes are located in lakes.
Snakes are located in meadows.
Snakes are located in mountains.
Snakes are located in nature.
Snakes are located in nightmares.
Snakes are located in parks.
Snakes are located in paths.
Snakes are located in pet shops.
Snakes are located in pet stores.
Snakes are located in pits.
Snakes are located in rainforests.
Snakes are located in rivers.
Snakes are located in sheds.
Snakes are located in showers.
Snakes are located in sun.
Snakes are located in sunshine.
Snakes are located in tattoos.
Snakes are located in terrariums.
Snakes are located in thick forests.
Snakes are located in trees.
Snakes are located in tropical areas.
Snakes are located in tropical forests.
Snakes are located in tropics.
Snakes are located in wetland.
Snakes are located in white houses.
Snakes are located in wooded areas.
Snakes are located in woodpiles.
Snakes are located in worst dreams.
Snakes are long, thin, legless reptiles.
Snakes are major predators on gray catbird nestlings, as are rats, foxes, and domestic cats.
Snakes are masters of intimidation.
Snakes are mean.
Snakes are members of the animal kingdom and belong to the reptile class.
Snakes are more closely related to crocodiles than they are to turtles.
Snakes are more elusive.
Snakes are more exposed, less hidden than usual.
Snakes are more likely to be non-poisonous than poisonous.
Snakes are more likely to flee a threatening situation if their stomachs are empty.
Snakes are most active at night and during warm weather.
Snakes are most active during warm weather months.
Snakes are most active in the spring, early summer and fall.
Snakes are most likely to bite when harassed.
Snakes are most troublesome in warm climates.
Snakes are much the same, there are many different kinds, with different needs.
Snakes are mysterious and keep their thoughts to themselves.
Snakes are notorious escape artists.
Snakes are notoriously good looking and conscious of their appearance.
Snakes are notoriously good looking and like to project the best image of themselves that they can.
Snakes are numerous.
Snakes are obviously fearsome creatures to many humans.
Snakes are often deemed pests.
Snakes are often great thinkers and intellectuals.
Snakes are one group of wild animals that cause many problems for people just by their presence.
Snakes are one long muscle.
Snakes are one more superstition in the story.
Snakes are one of nature's most efficient mousetraps, killing and eating a variety of rodent pests.
Snakes are one of the most fundamental archetypes found throughout all civilizations.
Snakes are one of the most successful desert animals.
Snakes are our natural enemies.
Snakes are out.
Snakes are part of the reptile family.
Snakes are passionate people, but also jealous lovers.
Snakes are perfectly capable of recognizing non-moving prey.
Snakes are physically afraid too quickly and then become stressed .
Snakes are physically unable to sound bigger or warmer than they actually are.
Snakes are poikilotherms whereas foxes are homeotherms.
Snakes are predators but are also preyed on by other animals, even other snakes.
Snakes are predators but vulnerable to hawks, raccoons, foxes, coyotes, cats and humans.
Snakes are predators, and the different species keep specialized diets.
Snakes are pretty nice.
Snakes are probably the most feared and misunderstood animal known.
Snakes are probably the most fearsome and fascinating animals on Earth.
Snakes are probably the most misunderstood, and most illogically feared creatures on the planet.
Snakes are quite vulnerable to severe injury if squeezed too tightly, especially toward the head.
Snakes are rare in Mt. Charleston due to the elevation.
Snakes are rare.
Snakes are relatively common in the forest but are usually picked out only with a trained eye.
Snakes are relatively well represented, although only two specific kinds are mentioned.
Snakes are reptiles that are found in most countries in the world.
Snakes are reptiles that have elongated bodies and no limbs.
Snakes are reptiles which all have dry scaly skin and fertilization is internal in reptiles.
Snakes are reptiles with many unique characteristics.
Snakes are reptiles, and have no arms or legs.
Snakes are reptiles, and like all reptiles they are cold blooded.
Snakes are reptiles, the group of animals that also includes crocodiles, lizards, and turtles.
Snakes are reptiles.
Snakes are reptiles-a group which also includes lizards, crocodiles and turtles.
Snakes are revengeful.
Snakes are romantic and charming.
Snakes are secondary consumers.
Snakes are seductive and mysterious, blinding many with their hypnotic charm.
Snakes are shy creatures and retreat when they feel threatened.
Snakes are shyer and harder to see.
Snakes are skilled climbers and researchers at the meeting unveiled a new aspect of their abilities.
Snakes are smart enough to work the underground network at dinnertime.
Snakes are smart, practical business people and learn from their mistakes.
Snakes are solitary animals that only come together to breed.
Snakes are specialised limbless reptiles , most closely related to lizards.
Snakes are specialized animals, with no legs, ears or eyelids.
Snakes are specialized animals, with no legs, ears, or eyelids.
Snakes are spooky enough, but a white one is really weird.
Snakes are strong, and can push up an unfastened lid.
Snakes are symbolic of renewal due to their skin-shedding.
Snakes are symbols of change and healing.
Snakes are symbols of intelligence, eloquence and expedience.
Snakes are taken illegally from the wild for the pet trade.
Snakes are the main predator of the northern sagebrush lizard.
Snakes are the most beautiful of all the signs, and are fascinating to the opposite sex.
Snakes are the most recently evolved of all the reptilian lineages.
Snakes are the newest of the reptiles and that they appeared somewhat after the first lizards.
Snakes are the prime predators, though.
Snakes are the world's most effective natural control on rodent population.
Snakes are thick and live in the water.
Snakes are thought to have evolved from lizards.
Snakes are timid, and most are harmless.
Snakes are uncommon.
Snakes are used for bitings.
Snakes are usually well camouflaged and try to disappear to escape if they can.
Snakes are venemous.
Snakes are venomous animals that use their venom for capturing and digesting prey.
Snakes are very common in and around the park.
Snakes are very easy to care for.
Snakes are very fast and have some beautiful colors on their skin to hide themselves.
Snakes are very helpful.
Snakes are very mobile and it is likely to be just passing through the garden.
Snakes are very popular, and they are fascinating animals.
Snakes are very responsive to touch.
Snakes are very useful in controlling rodent and insect pest populations.
Snakes are wise and they can draw a lesson from all the fuss.
Snakes are wise, philosophical, calm, and understanding.
Snakes are wise, thoughtful and calm.
Snakes attack prey.
Snakes avoid people.
Snakes avoid predators.
Snakes barely edge out spiders in the phobia department.
Snakes become predators.
Snakes become very sensitive and irritable when their new skin is first exposed.
Snakes belong to families.
Snakes belong to genus.
Snakes belong to the order of animals called reptiles.
Snakes belonging to the cobra species are venomous and are, therefore, extremely deadly.
Snakes bite frogs.
Snakes bite people.
Snakes bite prey.
Snakes blend easily with their environment.
Snakes breathe principally by contracting muscles between their ribs.
Snakes breathe with their entire body.
Snakes bury eggs.
Snakes can also detect airborne vibrations.
Snakes can appear aggressive when they are approached or handled.
Snakes can be intense, passionate, distrustul, possessive, and demanding.
Snakes Can be very aggressive.
Snakes can climb smooth poles, even greased ones.
Snakes can climb walls, trees and rocks and are frequently found at high altitudes.
Snakes can climb walls, trees, and rocks.
Snakes can coil their flexible bodies in extremely confined spaces when hiding.
Snakes can communicate through sound.
Snakes can die of their own poison.
Snakes can dislocate their jaw so they can swallow prey much bigger than themselves.
Snakes can easily climb on vegetation, and it provides food and cover for rodents.
Snakes can eat fast.
Snakes can eat the fledglings and eggs whole.
Snakes can exhibit a yawn-like motion as they readjust their jaws after ingesting large prey.
Snakes can get malaria.
Snakes can get ticks and mites just like a dog or cat.
Snakes can go a long time without eating, but when they do, their meal is usually another animal.
Snakes can go for as much as six months or maybe more without eating as long as they have water.
Snakes can have live births, or they can lay eggs in order to have babies.
Snakes can help control their body's temperature with behavior, as in basking in the sun.
Snakes can hiss to add excitement.
Snakes can inflict fatal bites by reflex action even after death.
Snakes can live in a lot of different habitats like deserts, rain forests and oceans.
Snakes can make good pets, but consider all the facts first.
Snakes can molt or shed their skin.
Snakes can move along the subways left by fast-moving moles.
Snakes can open their mouths and bite if provoked underwater.
Snakes can pass through extremely small openings and usually enter near or below ground level.
Snakes can poison . . .
Snakes can spot a problem before it occurs with their visionary minds.
Snakes can strike rapidly at a distance approximately equal to their body length.
Snakes can swallow large prey whole.
Snakes can symbolize problems.
Snakes capture aquatic prey.
Snakes capture prey.
Snakes catch animals.
Snakes catch food.
Snakes catch frogs.
Snakes catch mammals.
Snakes catch predators.
Snakes catch prey.
Snakes catch snails.
Snakes cause few problems, and the few they do are relatively benign.
Snakes chase frogs.
Snakes chase prey.
Snakes cling to men as they are being washed away by the water.
Snakes close mouths.
Snakes coil around each other in the mating embrace.
Snakes come from eggs.
Snakes come from snakes.
Snakes come in an incredible variety of colors and patterns.
Snakes come in so many colors and wonderful patterns of spots, stripes and bands.
Snakes come out of hibernation.
Snakes come to places where they can find food or shelter or both.
Snakes constrict many different kinds of prey.
Snakes consume animals.
Snakes consume everything from fish to mice.
Snakes consume meals.
Snakes consume prey.
Snakes control pests.
Snakes copulate, and are for the most part oviparous.
Snakes crawl around freely.
Snakes crawl into abandoned groundhog holes or caves, and under logs or rocks.
Snakes crawl on a skeleton in a grave.
Snakes crawl out of skin.
Snakes crawl through the poison ivy, and ticks wait patiently while mosquitoes buzz hungrily.
Snakes create their own boundaries in their dens, bears, wolf packs, wild dogs, fish, etc.
Snakes cross deserts.
Snakes depend on food.
Snakes depend on habitats.
Snakes depend on mice.
Snakes destroy more martin colonies than any other ground based predator.
Snakes detect sound.
Snakes devour prey.
Snakes dig burrows.
Snakes digest prey.
Snakes dive into holes on hot days.
Snakes do deliberately and purposely eat and lick dust.
Snakes do it in the grass.
Snakes do it the same way every day .
Snakes do something weird, they shed thier skin.
Snakes do the same thing.
Snakes dominate most of our shows because they are so suitable for hands-on activities.
Snakes don t have eardrums.
Snakes draw extreme reactions.
Snakes drinking and soaking in the water soon become ill.
Snakes eat a number of garden pests, such as slugs.
Snakes eat a variety of food, but frogs, small lizards and mammals are often chosen.
Snakes eat animals.
Snakes eat bats.
Snakes eat big meals.
Snakes eat birds and frogs.
Snakes eat birds.
Snakes eat bullfrogs but they jump into a lake near by.
Snakes eat centipedes.
Snakes eat earthworms.
Snakes eat eggs.
Snakes eat everything from ants to rabbits, frogs, lizards, mice and eggs.
Snakes eat food.
Snakes eat frogs too.
Snakes eat grass, grasshoppers, and frogs.
Snakes eat introduced rodents and birds.
Snakes eat large meals.
Snakes eat large prey.
Snakes eat mammals.
Snakes eat meals.
Snakes eat meat, in keep mostly mice and rats.
Snakes eat mice, and birds eat many insects.
Snakes eat mice, rats, and lizards.
Snakes eat mice.
Snakes eat mice.
Snakes eat only when they are hungry.
Snakes eat other animals.
Snakes eat other animals.
Snakes eat prairie dogs.
Snakes eat prey.
Snakes eat rabbits.
Snakes eat rats.
Snakes eat rats.
Snakes eat rodents.
Snakes eat small mammals.
Snakes eat so many different things, and they eat their foods in different ways as well.
Snakes eat some mammals such as rodents, and are in turn eaten by many species of mammals.
Snakes eat spiders.
Snakes eat the mice.
Snakes eat vertebrates.
Snakes emerge from burrows.
Snakes emerge from eggs.
Snakes emerge from hibernation.
Snakes emit pheromone.
Snakes employ several methods of movement in getting from place to place.
Snakes endure broken ribs and jaws, and many are slaughtered.
Snakes enter areas inhabited by people in search of food and shelter.
Snakes enter burrows.
Snakes enter dormant states.
Snakes enter states.
Snakes escape from pet shops.
Snakes escape from shops.
Snakes evade enemies through various strategies.
Snakes evolve and are driven out of Ireland.
Snakes excrete liquid waste.
Snakes excrete waste.
Snakes exist in adjacent areas.
Snakes exist in areas.
Snakes exist in every state throughout the country.
Snakes expel air.
Snakes expend energy.
Snakes feature heavily in myths, legends, folklore and even religion.
Snakes feed in grass.
Snakes feed like no other animal, thanks to their amazingly stretchable jaws.
Snakes feed on amphibians.
Snakes feed on flesh.
Snakes feed on large lizards.
Snakes feed on live flesh.
Snakes feed on lizards.
Snakes feed on rodents.
Snakes feed on small rodents.
Snakes feed only upon animals.
Snakes feel very much height-challenged.
Snakes feel vibration.
Snakes figure large in myths all over the world and have long been associated with women.
Snakes find food.
Snakes find places.
Snakes find their food by sight and smell and sometimes temperature.
Snakes find their prey by sight and scent, and sometimes temperature.
Snakes flick their modified forked tongue in the air, collecting scent particles.
Snakes flick their tongues in order to pick up chemical signals from their surroundings.
Snakes focus on nearby objects by moving the lens forward.
Snakes follow beauty.
Snakes follow prey.
Snakes follow scent trails.
Snakes follow snakes.
Snakes follow trails.
Snakes frighten most people.
Snakes generally are carnivores with diets consisting of reptiles, amphibians, birds, and mammals.
Snakes generally move along walls.
Snakes generally swallow their prey whole.
Snakes get heat.
Snakes get prey.
Snakes get very cold on winter days and very hot in the summer.
Snakes give birth in one of two ways.
Snakes give birth to offspring.
Snakes give birth to snakes.
Snakes go after rodents and insects and rodents go after insects.
Snakes go to holes.
Snakes grab prey.
Snakes grow angry in mesquite shadows.
Snakes grow throughout life, their length being related to food availability and lifespan.
Snakes handle large prey.
Snakes handle prey.
Snakes has-part bones.
Snakes has-part glands.
Snakes has-part jaws.
Snakes has-part lids.
Snakes has-part mouths.
Snakes has-part organs.
Snakes has-part teeth.
Snakes has-part tongues.
Snakes have (part) brains.
Snakes have (part) breasts.
Snakes have (part) cell membranes.
Snakes have (part) cells.
Snakes have (part) chest cavities.
Snakes have (part) chests.
Snakes have (part) corpi.
Snakes have (part) cytoplasm.
Snakes have (part) ears.
Snakes have (part) faces.
Snakes have (part) heads.
Snakes have (part) nuclei.
Snakes have (part) pedal extremities.
Snakes have (part) plasma membranes.
Snakes have (part) rib cages.
Snakes have (part) sections.
Snakes have (part) skulls.
Snakes have (part) sterna.
Snakes have (part) vacuoles.
Snakes have (part) vertebrate feet.
Snakes have a body temperature which is close to the temperature in their environment.
Snakes have a cavity called a cloaca which is where the intestinal and genitourinary tracks empty.
Snakes have a cloaca, a common opening for the urinary, digestive, and genital tracts.
Snakes have a day-night temperature cycle in the wild.
Snakes have a keen sense of smell.
Snakes have a long, narrow body and scaly skin.
Snakes have a membrane covering their eyes, and it comes off during shedding, too.
Snakes have a pelvis bone but lack legs.
Snakes have a single vent, called the cloaca, through which everything passes.
Snakes have a slow metabolic rate.
Snakes have a special jaw attachment that allows an anaconda to swallow such a large animal.
Snakes have a strong sense of smell, which is relied on to a large extent in hunting food.
Snakes have a tendency to become lazy.
Snakes have ability.
Snakes have acute chemical sensors and are sensitive to ground vibrations.
Snakes have amazing adaptations for feeding, locomotion, and defense.
Snakes have an extremely large global distribution.
Snakes have an eye on each side of the head, which gives the animals a wide field of view.
Snakes have an innate fear of the ash and avoid it.
Snakes have an unforgettable elegance and style.
Snakes have appearances.
Snakes have appetite.
Snakes have backbones, just like human beings.
Snakes have backbones, just like people.
Snakes have backbones.
Snakes have beautiful patterns.
Snakes have behaviour.
Snakes have bellies.
Snakes have broad flat heads.
Snakes have color patterns.
Snakes have color.
Snakes have designs.
Snakes have diameters.
Snakes have distinct color patterns.
Snakes have distinct patterns.
Snakes have distribution.
Snakes have dry skin.
Snakes have either a three-or four chambered heart.
Snakes have elliptical pupils.
Snakes have elliptical shapes.
Snakes have even more flexible jaws than lizards.
Snakes have eyes.
Snakes have fangs.
Snakes have favorite places to crawl and slither depending on what type they are.
Snakes have flat heads.
Snakes have flexible jaws.
Snakes have heads.
Snakes have heal ability.
Snakes have hearts.
Snakes have hibernaculum in area and are feeding well.
Snakes have jaws.
Snakes have length.
Snakes have long, thin cylinder-shaped bodies that are covered with scales.
Snakes have lots of colors on their scales.
Snakes have many ways of protecting themselves.
Snakes have many ways to move their bodies.
Snakes have metabolism.
Snakes have more to fear from people than people have to fear from snakes.
Snakes have mouths.
Snakes have neither external ear openings nor moveable eyelids.
Snakes have no bones.
Snakes have no ears, so sound vibrations are helpful.
Snakes have no external ears, they hear by sensing vibration through a delicate bone structure.
Snakes have no external ears.
Snakes have no eyelids or external ears.
Snakes have no eyelids, but they can see well at short distances.
Snakes have no eyelids.
Snakes have no interest in tangling with humans.
Snakes have no legs and no ears.
Snakes have no legs.
Snakes have no movable eyelids and no external ear opening.
Snakes have no movable eyelids or external ears.
Snakes have no moveable eyelids, and therefore can never blink or close their eyes.
Snakes have no moveable eyelids.
Snakes have no pelvii.
Snakes have no such appendage, but whales do have flippers.
Snakes have nostrils.
Snakes have numerous pairs of ribs.
Snakes have offspring.
Snakes have only a limited ability to reason.
Snakes have organs.
Snakes have other values.
Snakes have patterns.
Snakes have pelvic and pectoral girdle but no legs.
Snakes have prehensile tails.
Snakes have prey.
Snakes have pupils.
Snakes have reddish skin.
Snakes have remnants of a pelvic girdle.
Snakes have round heads.
Snakes have scales on their bodies.
Snakes have scales.
Snakes have senses.
Snakes have sensory organs.
Snakes have sex just like any other animal, but their method of internal fertilization is peculiar.
Snakes have shapes.
Snakes have sharp senses.
Snakes have similar color patterns.
Snakes have similar patterns.
Snakes have skin.
Snakes have skulls.
Snakes have slow metabolism.
Snakes have specialized external ear openings and eyelids.
Snakes have spectacles instead of eyelids.
Snakes have speed on their side and an uncanny ability to strike when necessary.
Snakes have strike appearances.
Snakes have tails.
Snakes have taste.
Snakes have teeth.
Snakes have tendencies.
Snakes have the ability to adapt their body size relatively quickly to their environments.
Snakes have three layers of skin but only the outer, thinnest layer peels away when they shed.
Snakes have three layers of skin.
Snakes have tips.
Snakes have total length.
Snakes have triangular heads.
Snakes have various ways of catching and subduing prey, including constriction and venom.
Snakes have venom in order to kill their prey, first and foremost.
Snakes have venom.
Snakes have vision.
Snakes have yellow bellies.
Snakes hear sound.
Snakes help ecosystems.
Snakes help keep the environment in balance.
Snakes help nature.
Snakes help to manage the population of insects, mice, rats and other rodents.
Snakes hibernate during cold winter months.
Snakes hibernate during months.
Snakes hibernate during winter months.
Snakes hibernate during winter.
Snakes hibernate in burrows.
Snakes hibernate in groups, usually in holes in the ground or in the foundations of buildings.
Snakes hibernate in masses.
Snakes hibernate in the winter in dens.
Snakes hide in grass.
Snakes hide in sand.
Snakes hide out under boards or in compost piles.
Snakes hiss in the brush after sunset, hunting, stalking, clarifying.
Snakes hold their own tail in their mouth, form a coil and chase people.
Snakes hunt a wide variety of animals.
Snakes hunt animals.
Snakes hunt for prey.
Snakes hunt frogs.
Snakes hunt mice.
Snakes hunt rabbits.
Snakes hunt rats.
Snakes hunt their prey by sight, sound or smell.
Snakes hypnotize .
Snakes include snakes.
Snakes inhabit and consume the hollowed corpse of a dead man.
Snakes inhabit areas.
Snakes inhabiting the area are the rattlesnake, bull snake and gopher snake.
Snakes inject enough venom.
Snakes inject venom.
Snakes insert tongues.
Snakes instill a deep-rooted fear in many people that few other animals can match.
Snakes intertwine like the brute force of nature mixing with human artificiality.
Snakes is a remarkable piece of writing from beginning to end.
Snakes is an introduction to their evolution, variety, behavior, conservation, and diversity.
Snakes kill animals.
Snakes kill prey.
Snakes know how to slither.
Snakes lack ears and can detect only ground vibrations or airborne vibrations of low frequency.
Snakes lack ears, but are sensitive to vibrations in the air and on the ground.
Snakes lack eyelids, so their gaze is seemingly locked in a stare.
Snakes lack eyelids.
Snakes lack movable eyelids.
Snakes lack shoulder and hip bones, and the rear bones of the skull.
Snakes lay eggs in warm, damp areas such as within rotten logs and old sawdust and leaf piles.
Snakes lay eggs.
Snakes lead the list of most misunderstood and feared of all animals.
Snakes learn fast, and can be prudent and shrewd in business.
Snakes leave burrows.
Snakes lie and snakes bite.
Snakes lift heads.
Snakes like to come out and roam in the heat, as do scorpions.
Snakes like to crawl along the edge of buildings where they are protected on one side.
Snakes like to hang around logs and under leaves, waiting for mice, lizards and other small prey.
Snakes like to hide under boards and in wood and rock piles, weeds or growth near foundations.
Snakes like to hide under objects.
Snakes like to live in damp, dark, cool places where food is abundant.
Snakes likewise are classified as reptiles by several other derived features.
Snakes live almost everywhere on earth.
Snakes live everywhere.
Snakes live for many months.
Snakes live for months.
Snakes live for years.
Snakes live in a variety of land and water habitats.
Snakes live in almost every corner of the world.
Snakes live in areas.
Snakes live in burrows.
Snakes live in climates.
Snakes live in different environments.
Snakes live in environments.
Snakes live in fields.
Snakes live in gardens.
Snakes live in habitats.
Snakes live in holes.
Snakes live in most areas of the country.
Snakes live in mountain terrains.
Snakes live in rain forest areas.
Snakes live in ranges.
Snakes live in terrains.
Snakes live in the trees and on the forest floor .
Snakes live in the trees and on the forest floor.
Snakes live in warm water.
Snakes live in water.
Snakes live near frog habitats.
Snakes live near habitats.
Snakes live on every continent expect for Antarctica.
Snakes live on every continent of the world except Antarctica.
Snakes live on grassland.
Snakes live through many frosty winters.
Snakes locate prey.
Snakes look a lot like sticks at first.
Snakes look like snakes.
Snakes look like venomous snakes.
Snakes love basking in the sun and become more frisky and active in the Spring.
Snakes love gay women.
Snakes love heat.
Snakes love mice.
Snakes love the damp rocky areas near the garden.
Snakes love to eat rats.
Snakes love to shelter in dense undergrowth.
Snakes maintain body temperature.
Snakes maintain temperature.
Snakes maintain their body temperatures by moving to warmer or cooler areas depending on weather.
Snakes make eggs.
Snakes make good props for lecturing, and no student had to be told to pay attention.
Snakes make no concession to the rich or famous, either.
Snakes make secretion.
Snakes make sound.
Snakes make swish sound.
Snakes make up another portion of the wild life and are generally a mistaken species.
Snakes mate so they can have new babies.
Snakes molt in order to grow and they molt many times the first year of life.
Snakes mostly eat rodents.
Snakes move any number of spaces along the forward diagonals and capture by replacement.
Snakes move by extending and contracting the overlapping scales on their body.
Snakes move by pushing against objects with specialized scales on their bellies called scutes.
Snakes move like water flowing out of a pitcher.
Snakes move to areas.
Snakes move to shade areas.
Snakes move to sides.
Snakes never attack unless they feel threatened.
Snakes never blink.
Snakes never close their eyes, since they have no eyelids.
Snakes never reach a maximum size but grow throughout their lifetimes.
Snakes never stop growing throughout their whole lives.
Snakes occasionally find their way into some homes, primarily basements.
Snakes occupy a wide range of habitats.
Snakes occupy diverse habitats.
Snakes occupy habitats.
Snakes occur in habitats.
Snakes occur in regions.
Snakes only eat meat.
Snakes Only eat tourists, apparently.
Snakes only strike under real provocation.
Snakes open mouths.
Snakes Pick up gently.
Snakes play a vital role in the ecosystem and are usually shy creatures who avoid human contact.
Snakes play an important part in African cultural life and are revered in many black cultures.
Snakes play an important role in many different types of ecosystems.
Snakes play an important role in nature.
Snakes play an important role in our natural environment.
Snakes play in grass.
Snakes pose threats.
Snakes possess glands.
Snakes possess mild venom.
Snakes possess organs.
Snakes possess saliva.
Snakes possess venom.
Snakes prefer habitats.
Snakes prey on mammals.
Snakes prey on sparrows.
Snakes prey on young.
Snakes prey upon mountain spiny lizards as they try to defend their territories from one another.
Snakes primarily eat rodents, which are primary consumers.
Snakes produce sound.
Snakes produce venom.
Snakes range farther north and occur at higher elevations than lizards.
Snakes reach body size.
Snakes reach size.
Snakes readily feed on dead food.
Snakes receive genes.
Snakes receive sunlight.
Snakes regulate body temperature.
Snakes regulate temperature.
Snakes release venom.
Snakes rely more on their sensitivity to smells and vibrations to detect prey and danger.
Snakes rely on locomotion.
Snakes rely on prey.
Snakes rely on smell.
Snakes represent bad luck.
Snakes represent potential for evil or deception in the flesh.
Snakes represent sex, due to their phallic shape, and also indicate growth and wisdom.
Snakes represent the healing qualities of each race.
Snakes reproduce as most reptiles do.
Snakes reproduce in two different ways.
Snakes require a surface with obstructions and some roughness in order to travel.
Snakes require conditions.
Snakes require cover such as long grass, weed edges along walls or fences, or thick shrubbery.
Snakes require food.
Snakes require genes.
Snakes require heat.
Snakes require less work and they are gorgeous, and interesting to watch.
Snakes require proteins.
Snakes require very special care from temperature to housing, diet and health.
Snakes resemble lizards.
Snakes roll in on the tree line and light 'em up.
Snakes roll in outta somewhere.
Snakes rub against rough surfaces to assist removal of their shed skin.
Snakes rub up against a rough object like bark or rocks to start molting.
Snakes search for food.
Snakes search for prey.
Snakes seek food and cover under boards, flat rocks, trash piles, and similar materials.
Snakes seek out mates.
Snakes seek shelter in crevasses, rock shelters, or used or unused mammal burrows.
Snakes seek shelter.
Snakes seem to have taken good advantage of the swamps and marshes.
Snakes seize rabbits.
Snakes share environments.
Snakes share similarity.
Snakes shed all of their scales at once.
Snakes shed from one to three times a year.
Snakes shed layers.
Snakes shed outer skin.
Snakes shed skin.
Snakes shed their outer layer of skin several times a year.
Snakes shed their skin all in one piece but other reptiles like lizards shed their skin in pieces.
Snakes shed their skin and eye covering together.
Snakes shed their skin and eye coverings together.
Snakes shed their skin as a regular part of growing.
Snakes shed their skin as a whole, turning the old skin inside out like the finger of a glove.
Snakes shed their skin on trees to have new skin.
Snakes shed their skins and insects do too.
Snakes shed their skins, so they indicate transformation.
Snakes shed up to several times each year, depending on their growth rate.
Snakes show deviation.
Snakes show effects.
Snakes sit in places.
Snakes sleep with their eyes open and hear with their tongues.
Snakes slide through tears that have lain there gathering.
Snakes slither in and out and all over the jumble of kids seated on the floor.
Snakes slough off all the old skin in a single piece.
Snakes smell out their meals with their tongues.
Snakes smell using their tongue.
Snakes smell with their tongues and an organ in the roof of their mouth.
Snakes Stay behind rocks and logs and under bushes and leaves.
Snakes steal food.
Snakes stick their tongues out to taste the air.
Snakes store food as fat and can live off their fat reserve for extended periods of time.
Snakes store food as fat, and can live off their fat reserve for extended periods of time.
Snakes suffer greatly from changes in their habitat.
Snakes survive conditions.
Snakes survive environmental conditions.
Snakes survive extreme conditions.
Snakes survive extreme environmental conditions.
Snakes survive in regions.
Snakes survive incidents.
Snakes swallow animals.
Snakes swallow food.
Snakes swallow frogs.
Snakes swallow meals.
Snakes swallow mice.
Snakes swallow organisms.
Snakes swallow prey.
Snakes swallow rabbits.
Snakes swallow rats.
Snakes swallow small prey.
Snakes swallow their food whole.
Snakes swallow their victims whole.
Snakes sway to the music of the flute .
Snakes symbolize the positive feminine qualities of patience and coolness.
Snakes take breaths.
Snakes target prey such as rodents and birds.
Snakes tend to bask on sun-warmed roads in the evening, a behavior that often leads to their death.
Snakes tend to be active at night and in warm weather.
Snakes tend to bite when they feel threatened.
Snakes tend to have life spans in between turtles and lizards.
Snakes tend to live near frogs so be careful some snakes are venomous.
Snakes tend to travel along a fence rather than go over it.
Snakes think, for food, that fresh is nice.
Snakes thrive in almost every region of the world.
Snakes thrive in environments.
Snakes thrive in habitats.
Snakes thrive in regions.
Snakes thrive in vary habitats.
Snakes thrive in wetland.
Snakes to swallow prey.
Snakes totally horrify individuals.
Snakes trust their own vibrations and inner feelings above all else.
Snakes undergo a process of molting through which they shed their skin on a regular basis.
Snakes use blunt tails.
Snakes use egg teeth.
Snakes use heat.
Snakes use large rocks as den sites and take cover under large brush piles or logs.
Snakes use prehensile tails.
Snakes use smell as a method of information.
Snakes use tails.
Snakes use techniques.
Snakes use teeth.
Snakes use their forked tongues to smell.
Snakes use their poison, which comes from their fangs, to paralyze or kill their prey.
Snakes use their tails as whips.
Snakes use their tongue in a flicking motion to pick up particles of air, water, etc.
Snakes use their tongue to smell.
Snakes use their tongues to detect smells to find food or stay away from enemies.
Snakes use their tongues to smell.
Snakes use their tongues to test their environment, much the same as other animals use their nose.
Snakes use two different ways too catch their prey.
Snakes vary in color.
Snakes Visit here for information about snakes and reptiles.
Snakes wait for mice.
Snakes wait for prey.
Snakes want prey.
Snakes weigh pounds.
Snakes often bite repeatedly, so move away quickly when a strike occurs.
Snakes often nap on either side.
Snakes often seek out paved roads because they are attracted by the heat from the road surface.
Snakes often seek out paved roads where they are attracted by the heat from the road surface.
Snakes often shed their skin more than once each year to accommodate their growing bodies.
Snakes sometimes consider their prey choices poorly .
Snakes sometimes get into homes.
Snakes usually hatch in late summer or early fall.
Snakes usually strike when they feel threatened.
All snakes are active hunters using a variety of methods to kill their prey.
All snakes are active hunters, using a variety of methods to kill their prey.
All snakes are aggressive.
All snakes are capable of swimming and live in a variety of habitats.
All snakes are carnivores but some snakes only eat eggs.
All snakes are carnivores which means they eat other living things.
All snakes are carnivores, that is, they eat other animals rather than plants.
All snakes are carnivores.
All snakes are carnivorous and eat small animals, birds, eggs, fish, and insects.
All snakes are carnivorous predators.
All snakes are carnivorous.
All snakes are conivorous, which means thay all eat meet.
All snakes are deaf.
All snakes are escape artists, so make sure the cage is absolutely escapeproof.
All snakes are good swimmers, but only real sea snakes live their whole lives in the ocean.
All snakes are meat eaters and all have developed clever ways to catch and kill other animals.
All snakes are meat eaters.
All snakes are poisonous.
All snakes are predators, and many are fussy eaters.
All snakes are predators, and many are particular about what they eat.
All snakes are predators, eating meat only.
All snakes are predators.
All snakes are susceptible to thermal burns.
All snakes are venomous.
All snakes are vertebrates.
All snakes can drink water, climb, and bite.
All snakes can swim.
All snakes can un-hinge their jaw so they can swallow prey whole.
All snakes eat meat and are highly specialized for acquiring their food.
All snakes eat other animals and are classified as carnivorous.
All snakes eat other animals,some snakes are venomous.
All snakes eat relatively large prey, whole.
All snakes give ample warning before actually striking out though.
All snakes have a simple form a head, long body, and tail.
All snakes have a special forked tongue to find out all types of information.
All snakes have it.
All snakes have teeth, but only venomous snakes have fangs.
All snakes have to eat live prey.
All snakes lack an epididymis, which is present in other species of reptiles.
All snakes molt losing their skin in one piece while lizards lose their skin in multiple pieces.
All snakes play pest control where ever they are be it from bugs or mice.
All snakes shed their outer layer of skin periodically as they grow.
All snakes shed their skin.
All snakes shed their skins.
All snakes swallow their prey whole.
Any snake can chomp on any other snake's tail in the maze with impunity.
Any snake is capable of biting.
Any snake released into the wild can have devastating effects on native animals.
Every snake has a head, body, and tail, and there are a wide variety of snakes.
Every snake has a specific skin design, and the puff adder for example has a chevron pattern.
Every snake is different.
Many snakes also eat eggs.
Many snakes are able to give birth to live young while at sea.
Many snakes are excellent swimmers as well.
Many Snakes are fond of the water and are truly amphibious.
Many snakes are nervous when introduced into a new situation with new people.
Many snakes are ovivores.
Many snakes are top-level predators.
Many snakes arrive at roundups crushed to death, dehydrated, or starved.
Many snakes arrive at roundups starved, dehydrated, or crushed to death.
Many snakes constrict prey to kill it before swallowing it.
Many snakes defecate after a successful shed, or consume large quantities of water.
Many snakes eat fish, fresh or frozen, which can also be purchased.
Many snakes eat rats and mice.
Many snakes feed on tadpoles, adult frogs and invertebrates found in and around ponds.
Many snakes get much bigger.
Many snakes have scars on the tail from rodent bites.
Many snakes have startling color patterns naturally.
Many snakes hibernate in burrows dug by other animals.
Many snakes kill birds in the tropics.
Many snakes lay eggs, but about a third of the species in Maryland bear live young.
Many snakes look like the coral snake.
Many snakes make good pets because they are quite docile, easy to hold, and easy to care for.
Many snakes only eat live food, and pet store mice are a common food item.
Many snakes produce a fowl odor from a scent gland near their tail as a defense against predators.
Many snakes seek shelter from the winter weather by holding up in dens.
Most snakes accept pre-killed items as well as live ones.
Most snakes also enjoy sunning themselves sometimes.
Most snakes are active during the day.
Most snakes are descended from marine reptiles.
Most snakes are descended from reptiles.
Most snakes are evolved from ancestors.
Most snakes are found in tropical regions.
Most snakes are harmless and help to control rodents which damage crops.
Most snakes are inactive and hide for protection.
Most snakes are nocturnal because of their hunting habits.
Most snakes are non-poisonous.
Most snakes are oviparous.
Most snakes are particularly sensitive to sudden moves and rough contact.
Most snakes are poisonous.
Most snakes are very frightened by the approach of humans, and quickly get out of our way.
Most snakes avoid people.
Most snakes avoid predators.
Most snakes become predators.
Most snakes belong to families.
Most snakes belong to genus.
Most snakes bury eggs.
Most snakes capture aquatic prey.
Most snakes capture prey.
Most snakes catch food.
Most snakes come from eggs.
Most snakes come from snakes.
Most snakes come out of hibernation.
Most snakes consume animals.
Most snakes consume prey.
Most snakes crawl out of skin.
Most snakes cross deserts.
Most snakes depend on food.
Most snakes depend on habitats.
Most snakes depend on mice.
Most snakes detect sound.
Most snakes do fine at room temperature.
Most snakes do very well in a simple cage.
Most snakes eat animals.
Most snakes eat big meals.
Most snakes eat birds.
Most snakes eat bugs or rodents.
Most snakes eat centipedes.
Most snakes eat earthworms.
Most snakes eat eggs.
Most snakes eat food.
Most snakes eat large meals.
Most snakes eat large prey.
Most snakes eat mammals.
Most snakes eat meals.
Most snakes eat mice.
Most snakes eat other animals.
Most snakes eat prey.
Most snakes eat rabbits.
Most snakes eat rats.
Most snakes eat rodents, frogs, insects, or other snakes.
Most snakes eat rodents.
Most snakes eat small mammals.
Most snakes eat spiders.
Most snakes eat vertebrates.
Most snakes emerge from burrows.
Most snakes emerge from eggs.
Most snakes emerge from hibernation.
Most snakes emit pheromone.
Most snakes encountered are nonpoisonous.
Most snakes enter burrows.
Most snakes enter dormant states.
Most snakes enter states.
Most snakes escape from pet shops.
Most snakes escape from shops.
Most snakes excrete liquid waste.
Most snakes excrete waste.
Most snakes exist in adjacent areas.
Most snakes exist in areas.
Most snakes expend energy.
Most snakes feed about once a week on mice, rats and other small animals.
Most snakes feed in grass.
Most snakes feed on amphibians.
Most snakes feed on flesh.
Most snakes feed on large lizards.
Most snakes feed on live flesh.
Most snakes feed on lizards.
Most snakes feed on rats and mice and benefit mankind.
Most snakes feed on rodents.
Most snakes feed on small rodents.
Most snakes feel vibration.
Most snakes find food.
Most snakes find places.
Most snakes follow prey.
Most snakes follow scent trails.
Most snakes follow snakes.
Most snakes follow trails.
Most snakes get a bad rap because a few species are poisonous.
Most snakes get heat.
Most snakes get prey.
Most snakes give birth to offspring.
Most snakes give birth to snakes.
Most snakes give no warning at all.
Most snakes go to holes.
Most snakes grab prey.
Most snakes handle large prey.
Most snakes handle prey.
Most snakes has-part glands.
Most snakes has-part lids.
Most snakes has-part mouths.
Most snakes has-part organs.
Most snakes has-part teeth.
Most snakes has-part tongues.
Most snakes hatch or are born in late summer.
Most snakes have ability.
Most snakes have appearances.
Most snakes have backbones.
Most snakes have beautiful patterns.
Most snakes have behaviour.
Most snakes have bellies.
Most snakes have broad flat heads.
Most snakes have color patterns.
Most snakes have color.
Most snakes have designs.
Most snakes have diameters.
Most snakes have distinct color patterns.
Most snakes have distinct patterns.
Most snakes have distribution.
Most snakes have dry skin.
Most snakes have either only one lung, or in some cases two, with one very reduced in size.
Most snakes have either only one lung, or in some cases, two, with one much reduced in size.
Most snakes have elliptical pupils.
Most snakes have elliptical shapes.
Most snakes have eyes.
Most snakes have fangs.
Most snakes have flat heads.
Most snakes have flexible jaws.
Most snakes have heads.
Most snakes have heal ability.
Most snakes have hearts.
Most snakes have jaws that can open wider than their heads so that they can swallow larger prey.
Most snakes have jaws.
Most snakes have legs until they shed their first skin.
Most snakes have length.
Most snakes have metabolism.
Most snakes have mouths.
Most snakes have offspring.
Most snakes have organs.
Most snakes have patterns.
Most snakes have prehensile tails.
Most snakes have prey.
Most snakes have pupils.
Most snakes have reddish skin.
Most snakes have relatively poor vision, perceiving only motion, light and darkness.
Most snakes have round heads.
Most snakes have senses.
Most snakes have sensory organs.
Most snakes have shapes.
Most snakes have sharp senses.
Most snakes have similar color patterns.
Most snakes have similar patterns.
Most snakes have skin.
Most snakes have slow metabolism.
Most snakes have strike appearances.
Most snakes have tails.
Most snakes have teeth.
Most snakes have tendencies.
Most snakes have the ability to flatten their heads, which gives it a triangular appearance.
Most snakes have tips.
Most snakes have total length.
Most snakes have triangular heads.
Most snakes have venom.
Most snakes have vision.
Most snakes have yellow bellies.
Most snakes hear sound.
Most snakes help ecosystems.
Most snakes help nature.
Most snakes hibernate during winter months.
Most snakes hibernate during winter.
Most snakes hibernate in burrows.
Most snakes hide in grass.
Most snakes hide in sand.
Most snakes house themselves in old burrows made by rodents and other animals.
Most snakes inject enough venom.
Most snakes inject venom.
Most snakes insert tongues.
Most snakes kill animals.
Most snakes kill prey.
Most snakes lack movable eyelids.
Most snakes lay eggs, but some give birth to living young.
Most snakes lay eggs.
Most snakes leave burrows.
Most snakes live as solitary animals, and many rattlesnakes follow that same course.
Most snakes live for many months.
Most snakes live for months.
Most snakes live for years.
Most snakes live in areas.
Most snakes live in burrows.
Most snakes live in climates.
Most snakes live in different environments.
Most snakes live in environments.
Most snakes live in fields.
Most snakes live in gardens.
Most snakes live in habitats.
Most snakes live in holes.
Most snakes live in mountain terrains.
Most snakes live in rain forest areas.
Most snakes live in ranges.
Most snakes live in terrains.
Most snakes live in water.
Most snakes live near frog habitats.
Most snakes live near habitats.
Most snakes live on grassland.
Most snakes locate prey.
Most snakes look like snakes.
Most snakes look like venomous snakes.
Most snakes love heat.
Most snakes love mice.
Most snakes maintain body temperature.
Most snakes maintain temperature.
Most snakes make eggs.
Most snakes make secretion.
Most snakes make sound.
Most snakes make swish sound.
Most snakes mate in the spring after they emerge from hibernation.
Most snakes move to areas.
Most snakes move to shade areas.
Most snakes move to sides.
Most snakes occupy diverse habitats.
Most snakes occupy habitats.
Most snakes occur in habitats.
Most snakes occur in regions.
Most snakes play in grass.
Most snakes pose threats.
Most snakes possess glands.
Most snakes possess mild venom.
Most snakes possess organs.
Most snakes possess saliva.
Most snakes possess venom.
Most snakes prefer habitats.
Most snakes produce sound.
Most snakes produce venom.
Most snakes reach body size.
Most snakes reach size.
Most snakes receive genes.
Most snakes receive sunlight.
Most snakes regulate body temperature.
Most snakes regulate temperature.
Most snakes rely on locomotion.
Most snakes rely on prey.
Most snakes rely on smell.
Most snakes require conditions.
Most snakes require food.
Most snakes require genes.
Most snakes require heat.
Most snakes require proteins.
Most snakes resemble lizards.
Most snakes run for cover at the sound or vibration of something large approaching.
Most snakes seek out mates.
Most snakes seek shelter.
Most snakes seen in and around ponds are nonpoisonous water snakes.
Most snakes seize rabbits.
Most snakes shed layers.
Most snakes shed outer skin.
Most snakes shed skin.
Most snakes show deviation.
Most snakes show effects.
Most snakes simply swallow their prey whole.
Most snakes sit in places.
Most snakes sold as pets are easy to handle and usually non-aggressive.
Most snakes steal food.
Most snakes survive conditions.
Most snakes survive environmental conditions.
Most snakes survive extreme conditions.
Most snakes survive extreme environmental conditions.
Most snakes survive in regions.
Most snakes survive incidents.
Most snakes swallow their prey alive.
Most snakes take breaths.
Most snakes thrive in environments.
Most snakes thrive in habitats.
Most snakes thrive in regions.
Most snakes thrive in vary habitats.
Most snakes thrive in wetland.
Most snakes try to flee when threatened.
Most snakes use blunt tails.
Most snakes use egg teeth.
Most snakes use heat.
Most snakes use holes dug by other animals, or cavities left by rotting tree roots, for shelter.
Most snakes use prehensile tails.
Most snakes use specialized belly scales, which grip surfaces, to move.
Most snakes use tails.
Most snakes use techniques.
Most snakes use teeth.
Most snakes vary in color.
Most snakes wait for mice.
Most snakes wait for prey.
Most snakes weigh pounds.
Most snakes wobble and make a crooked trail when and wherever they crawl.
Some snake are what is know as problem feeders.
Some snake is floatin' by, going the other way.
Some snakes absorb calcium.
Some snakes actively chase prey while others use stealth to ambush their unsuspecting victims.
Some snakes also have teeth.
Some snakes are a bit sensitive about being handled soon after they have eaten.
Some snakes are able to unhinge their jaws.
Some snakes are blind.
Some snakes are capable of detecting body heat of prey items.
Some snakes are classified in families.
Some snakes are classified in taxonomic families.
Some snakes are constrictors.
Some snakes are descended from lizards.
Some snakes are descended from marine lizards.
Some snakes are harmless but some are deadly e.g.,the cobra, krait and rat snake.
Some snakes are innocuous.
Some snakes are inside bushes.
Some snakes are killed by victims.
Some snakes are known as animals.
Some snakes are located at nature.
Some snakes are located in caves.
Some snakes are located in water.
Some snakes are located on ecosystems.
Some snakes are located on gardens.
Some snakes are located on regions.
Some snakes are located on roads.
Some snakes are poisonous, or venomous, such as the rattle snake, cobra, and eastern green mamba.
Some snakes are poisonous.
Some snakes are quite rare and are protected species.
Some snakes are rare, endangered and protected by law.
Some snakes are really a pain to feed, such as eyelash vipers.
Some snakes are terribly poisonous.
Some snakes are vegetarians.
Some snakes are venomous and can inject venom containing toxins as they bite.
Some snakes are venomous but are only dangerous to certain types of animals.
Some snakes are venomous, meaning that they can inject poison into the bloodstream through a bite.
Some snakes are venomous.
Some snakes avoid constraints.
Some snakes avoid men.
Some snakes become dead prey.
Some snakes become keepers.
Some snakes become prey.
Some snakes bite hands.
Some snakes bite own tails.
Some snakes bite people.
Some snakes brood their eggs.
Some snakes burrow into earth.
Some snakes can go as long as six months without a good meal.
Some snakes can spray a foul smelling musk to ward off enemies.
Some snakes can swallow animals almost as large as they are.
Some snakes capture animals.
Some snakes carry parasites.
Some snakes cause damage.
Some snakes cause death.
Some snakes cause extinction.
Some snakes cause problems.
Some snakes cause serious problems.
Some snakes cause tissue damage.
Some snakes come from forests.
Some snakes consume individuals.
Some snakes consume own tails.
Some snakes consume several individuals.
Some snakes create friction.
Some snakes cross grassland.
Some snakes cross paths.
Some snakes cross roads.
Some snakes cross streets.
Some snakes depend on nature.
Some snakes destroy amphibians.
Some snakes destroy animals.
Some snakes destroy eggs.
Some snakes destroy rodents.
Some snakes develop resistance.
Some snakes display distinct food preferences.
Some snakes do have traces of hind limbs, or spurs.
Some snakes eat american toads.
Some snakes eat amphibians.
Some snakes eat banana slugs.
Some snakes eat bronze frogs.
Some snakes eat bullfrog tadpoles.
Some snakes eat bullfrogs.
Some snakes eat chickens.
Some snakes eat echidnas.
Some snakes eat fish.
Some snakes eat frogs, other snakes, fish, or snails.
Some snakes eat frogs.
Some snakes eat grind squirrels.
Some snakes eat insectivorous birds.
Some snakes eat insects.
Some snakes eat lizards.
Some snakes eat meerkat pups.
Some snakes eat mongeese.
Some snakes eat pups.
Some snakes eat salamanders.
Some snakes eat slugs.
Some snakes eat small fish.
Some snakes eat small lizards.
Some snakes eat snakes.
Some snakes eat squirrels.
Some snakes eat stoats.
Some snakes eat tadpoles.
Some snakes eat toads.
Some snakes eat wildlife.
Some snakes eat worms.
Some snakes emerge from dens.
Some snakes enter bathrooms.
Some snakes enter dormancy.
Some snakes enter seawater.
Some snakes escape from rooms.
Some snakes feast on lizards.
Some snakes feed on animals.
Some snakes feed on birds.
Some snakes feed on fish.
Some snakes feed on frogs.
Some snakes feed on insects.
Some snakes feed on mice.
Some snakes feed on snakes.
Some snakes follow people.
Some snakes give birth to live babies, while other snakes lay eggs.
Some snakes give birth to live young, while others lay eggs from which the young hatch later.
Some snakes give birth to pythons.
Some snakes go dormant during winter.
Some snakes go into dormant states.
Some snakes go into states.
Some snakes has-part fangs.
Some snakes has-part skin.
Some snakes have a venomous bite.
Some snakes have appendages.
Some snakes have babies.
Some snakes have bands.
Some snakes have bats.
Some snakes have bones.
Some snakes have chances.
Some snakes have cloacas.
Some snakes have diets.
Some snakes have differences.
Some snakes have distinct mechanisms.
Some snakes have fangs that contain venom, a sure fire way to quickly kill victims.
Some snakes have hands.
Some snakes have heat.
Some snakes have immunity.
Some snakes have lateral stripes.
Some snakes have leg bones.
Some snakes have life.
Some snakes have lungs.
Some snakes have majorities.
Some snakes have mechanisms.
Some snakes have mites.
Some snakes have mouse rats.
Some snakes have necks.
Some snakes have only one lung.
Some snakes have only one well-developed right lung, and one rudimentary left lung or no left lung.
Some snakes have pelvic bones.
Some snakes have penises.
Some snakes have pits.
Some snakes have problems.
Some snakes have rats.
Some snakes have reputations.
Some snakes have right lungs.
Some snakes have scores.
Some snakes have significant differences.
Some snakes have smooth scales on their back and keeled scales on another part of their body .
Some snakes have stingers in their tails.
Some snakes have stripes.
Some snakes have time.
Some snakes have venom that causes severe shock and rapid death.
Some snakes hear people.
Some snakes hear through their tongues.
Some snakes help populations.
Some snakes hibernate for months.
Some snakes hibernate for several months.
Some snakes hibernate in winter.
Some snakes hide in burrows.
Some snakes hide in forests.
Some snakes hide in holes.
Some snakes hunt their prey using body heat.
Some snakes incubate their eggs by coiling their bodies on the nest of eggs and shivering.
Some snakes inhabit wood.
Some snakes inject venom into an animal to kill it.
Some snakes invade gardens.
Some snakes invade villages.
Some snakes kill boys.
Some snakes kill children.
Some snakes kill cobras.
Some snakes kill fathers.
Some snakes kill horses.
Some snakes kill king cobras.
Some snakes kill men.
Some snakes kill own fathers.
Some snakes kill people.
Some snakes kill their prey by constricting, others with venom.
Some snakes kill trees.
Some snakes lay eggs but rattlesnake babies are born live.
Some snakes lay eggs while others produce live young.
Some snakes lay eggs, and other snakes give live birth to their offspring.
Some snakes lie on the ground and play dead until an attacker goes away.
Some snakes lift fangs.
Some snakes live at zoos.
Some snakes live in Alabama.
Some snakes live in Australia.
Some snakes live in barns.
Some snakes live in Connecticut.
Some snakes live in creeks.
Some snakes live in deserts.
Some snakes live in Florida.
Some snakes live in forests.
Some snakes live in grass.
Some snakes live in Honduras.
Some snakes live in jungle.
Some snakes live in leaves.
Some snakes live in litter.
Some snakes live in Maryland.
Some snakes live in Massachusetts.
Some snakes live in pits.
Some snakes live in rivers.
Some snakes live in sand.
Some snakes live in swamp.
Some snakes live in Texas.
Some snakes live in trees.
Some snakes live in waterways.
Some snakes live in wetland.
Some snakes live in woodlands.
Some snakes live on ground.
Some snakes live on islands.
Some snakes live on prairie.
Some snakes look like legless lizards.
Some snakes make noise.
Some snakes make threats.
Some snakes make toxins.
Some snakes make venom.
Some snakes mate in springs.
Some snakes migrate.
Some snakes mimic the color and pattern of venomous snakes.
Some snakes move by side winding.
Some snakes occur in areas.
Some snakes occur in Australia.
Some snakes occur in Texas.
Some snakes occur in tropical areas.
Some snakes pick up scent.
Some snakes play games.
Some snakes play important environmental roles.
Some snakes play important roles.
Some snakes play in ecosystems.
Some snakes play in environments.
Some snakes play in ground.
Some snakes play in regions.
Some snakes play in water.
Some snakes play in wildernesses.
Some snakes play roles.
Some snakes possess fangs.
Some snakes possess large fangs.
Some snakes prefer islands.
Some snakes prefer jungle.
Some snakes prefer wood.
Some snakes prefer woodlands.
Some snakes prey on snakes.
Some snakes prey upon snakes.
Some snakes prey upon water snakes.
Some snakes produce chemicals.
Some snakes produce noise.
Some snakes produce rattle noise.
Some snakes raise heads.
Some snakes reach ages.
Some snakes reach maturity.
Some snakes reach metres.
Some snakes reach reproductive maturity.
Some snakes reach sexual maturity.
Some snakes remain members.
Some snakes reproduce by laying eggs while other species give birth to live young.
Some snakes require diets.
Some snakes require environments.
Some snakes require high humidity.
Some snakes require humidity.
Some snakes rest on islands.
Some snakes rub noses.
Some snakes see light.
Some snakes seek mates.
Some snakes seek out shades.
Some snakes seek refuge on higher ground or vegetation during floods.
Some snakes seize animals.
Some snakes seize squirrels.
Some snakes seize turtles.
Some snakes serve as prey.
Some snakes serve functions.
Some snakes serve various functions.
Some snakes simply refuse to eat anything other than live prey.
Some snakes sit in sand.
Some snakes spread necks.
Some snakes stay under water.
Some snakes stay within a very limited area.
Some snakes still have vestigial leg structures and look how long they've had.
Some snakes strike and release their prey.
Some snakes strike prey animals.
Some snakes threaten goats.
Some snakes threaten livestock.
Some snakes thrive in deserts.
Some snakes thrive in forests.
Some snakes use friction.
Some snakes use movement.
Some snakes use pits.
Some snakes use tongues.
Some snakes utilize spots.
Some snakes utilize water.
Some snakes wait for animals.
Some snakes watch chickens.
Some snakes watch food.
Some snakes watch prey.
Some snakes watch rabbits.
Snakebite kits are available behind one counter.
A snakebite is a bite
Snakebite isa wound.
Snakebites are a serious cause of morbidity and occasional mortality in the Untied States.
Snakebites are bite wounds.
Snakebites are bites.
Snakebites are diseases.
Snakebites are more common than burns or strychnine poisoning.
Snakebites are notorious for causing abscesses.
Snakebites are rare, occurring mostly when people attempt to handle snakes.
Snakebites can be from any number of snakes, both venomous and non-venomous.
Snakebites occur despite precautions.
Snakebites require a large patch that covers both holes.
Snakebites take places.
Snakebites usually occur because of accidental or deliberate contact.
All snakebites are potentially preventable.
Most snakebites are subcutaneous.
Most snakebites are the direct result of harassing snakes - their bite is a defensive reaction.
Most snakebites result from startling, handling, or harassing snakes.
Most snakebites result from stepping on or handling snakes.
Most snakebites take places.
Snakeheads can breathe air and can survive out of water for up to four days.
A snakeroot is a herb
Snakeroot relieves anxiety and tension and establishes a balanced outlook.
Snakes diets vary among species and depend upon their size and behavior.
Snakes eyes differ from eyes of mammals or other vertebrates.
Some snaky sentences are plainly ridiculous.
Snap alignments vary by cover size.
A snap bean is a green bean
Snap beans are also sensitive to moisture stress, particularly during flowering and pod development.
Snap beans are best if they snap easily when bent in half.
Snap beans are either bush or pole types.
Snap beans are green beans.
Snap beans are ready to pick if they snap easily when bent in half.
Snap beans are really the seed or pod of a leguminous plant.
Snap beans means sugar snap peas.
Snap beans provide nearly as much magnesium as milk, but spinach provides nearly five times more.
Snap buttons let the box fold flat in seconds.
Snap closure is available in both side snapping and front snapping styles.
Snap closures ensure a comfortable fit.
Snap closures provide one-handed access and fastening.
Snap decisions are often bad decisions.
Any snap decision is based on a paradigm.
Snap elections create political instability and affect the economy.
A snap fastener is a fixing
Snap fasteners can unsnap in an impact.
Snap judgements reinforce stereo-types and cause separation in schools.
Snap judgments are a problem that faces interviewers when conducting an interview.
Snap judgments are acceptable for the short term.
Snap judgments lead to stereotyping that prohibits careful consideration of people's abilities.
Most snap manufacturers offer a setting tool made especially for their snaps.
A snap pea is a pea plant
Snap peas are also edible podded peas.
Snap peas are available in the spring and fall and are especially good when they are just picked.
Snap peas are most popular where summers are too hot for snap beans.
Snap peas are the round pod type of edible pod peas.
Snap peas have pods that become more thick and fleshy.
Snap peas have round pods with thick walls.
Snap peas look like mini versions of the pods of green peas.
A snap ring is a fixing
A snap ring is a ring
Snap rings hold the pin in position.
Snap roll is roll
Snap rolls are nice and quick when it is slowed a little.
Snap rolls are positive, yet semi-slow in nature.
Snap shorts are lined for comfort.
Snap shots are objects that catalog the content of the selected item.
Snap shoulder makes putting on over head easy for baby.
Snap swivels allow easy changes of lures and can help, or sometimes hinder, lure action.
Snap tools help the designer align new lines to existing ones and make it easy to draw right angles.
Snap traps are a humane and effective way to kill mice.
Snap traps are effective in capturing nuisance rats and mice.
Snap traps are generally the least expensive rodent trap.
Snap traps are highly effective when used where dropping are found.
Snap traps are indiscriminate and can close on unwary pets or children.
Snap traps are simple, inexpensive and effective.
Snap traps are the most commonly used household traps.
Snap traps do present some small danger to humans and pets, however.
Snap traps placed under the hole they are working on is also effective if death is the only way.
Snap traps utilize rapid leaf movements .
Snap traps work best when baited.
Snap turtles eat algas.
Snap turtles find in ponds.
Snap turtles forage for food.
Snap turtles have shells.
Snap turtles need vegetables.
Snap turtles occur in habitats.
Snap turtles play roles.
Snap turtles possess skills.
Snap turtles use tongues.
Most snap turtles eat algas.
Most snap turtles find in ponds.
Most snap turtles have shells.
Most snap turtles occur in habitats.
Most snap turtles play roles.
Most snap turtles possess skills.
Most snap turtles use tongues.
Some snap turtles eat frogs.
Some snap turtles enter hibernation.
Some snap turtles feed on worms.
Some snap turtles live to ages.
Snap weights absorb a lot of the wave action, while lead core transmits it to the lure.
Snap weights are also speed sensitive.
Snap weights consist of a clothespin type device that snaps onto the line.
Snap weights do just the opposite, they reduce the action from the surface.
A snap is touch
SNAP also addresses current nutrition and health related issues.
SNAP also maintains a large resource library of books, periodicals, reports, audio tapes and videos.
SNAP also provides a forum for peer advising.
SNAP also provides a nighttime, on-campus escort service to students at no charge.
SNAP also serves as a forum for improved communications between school nurses and local physicians.
SNAP assists adoptive parents of special needs children.
SNAP assumes no liability for any such materials.
SNAP continues to be a valuable resource for safe nighttime travel.
SNAP Create a customized information retrieval profile.
SNAP Dump Use a SNAP dump when testing a problem program.
SNAP is a free service to the exporting community.
SNAP is a great parent site.
SNAP is a prioritized list of projects and goals to be implemented with the help of the city staff.
SNAP is a weekly writing group for queer people of color.
SNAP is available to students, staff, faculty and visitors at no charge.
SNAP is patent pending.
SNAP is the local and regional advocate for the most vulnerable of our community neighbors.
SNAP is the most comprehensive hands-on information security training program ever developed.
SNAP is very proud of the caliber of students who belong to our organization.
SNAP offers support groups, a parent network, workshops, and conferences.
SNAP offers voluntary support and advocacy to families of children with special needs.
SNAP provides an alternative to traveling alone.
SNAP provides nightly campus escorts to persons on request.
SNAP provides nighttime campus escorts whenever classes are in session.
SNAP provides walking and driven escorts on campus.
SNAP represents students from all nursing education programs.
SNAP takes only ten minutes and costs just a few dollars per test.
SNAP waives the requirement to issue a financial report until the end of a competitive segment.
SNAP wants to make sure that teenagers in the district have the facts behind the sex act.
Snaps allow an easy method of assembly and disassembly of plastic parts.
Snaps allow an easy switch of buckles.
Snaps are a necessary ingredient to a cut-flower garden.
Snaps are a spike flower.
Snaps are an easy annual to grow in our gardens.
Snaps are bands.
Snaps are breaks.
Snaps are far superior to split rings when it comes to tuning a lure.
Snaps are fasteners.
Snaps are heavy bolt snaps for ease of use.
Snaps are motion.
Snaps are noise.
Snaps are solid brass, chrome plated brass or nickel.
Snaps attach the wings, so the lady bug can fly, or be at rest.
Snaps fully adjust attached at O-Rings for a perfect fit.
Snaps fully adjust for a perfect fit.
Snaps fully adjust.
Snaps help to position carseat shoulder straps or form a hood to keep out the wind.
Snaps hose fittings and electric wiring in place to connect jacks to control panel and pump.
Snaps keep the flap down in strong weather.
Snaps make it easy to replace pillow.
Snaps provide an easy, adjustable fit that is just right each time.
Snapdragon flowers are available in every color but blue.
Snapdragon flowers are sensitive to root rot, so provide well-draining potting soil.
Snapdragon flowers are tubes made up of five petals.
Snapdragon flowers have sturdy, irregular shaped flowers with landing platform.
Snapdragon plants produce offspring.
A snapdragon is a flower
Snapdragon has an interesting selection of scientific projects and art supplies.
Snapdragon isa angiosperm.
Snapdragons are a lovely flower, and come in a variety of colors.
Snapdragons are a popular flowers.
Snapdragons are a spectacular addition to any flower bed or garden.
Snapdragons are a summertime, cottage garden favourite.
Snapdragons are affected by few pests or diseases.
Snapdragons are among the best flowers for sunny borders and cutting.
Snapdragons are angiosperms, and so the flowers are their reproductive organs.
Snapdragons are annual flowering plants that grow one to four feet and thrive on sunshine.
Snapdragons are annual plants.
Snapdragons are at their best in cool weather.
Snapdragons are attractive ornamentals which have health benefits too.
Snapdragons are cool season annuals from the southern Mediterranean.
Snapdragons are easiest to grow from seed indoors in early spring.
Snapdragons are flowers.
Snapdragons are gorgeous and popular with both adults and children.
Snapdragons are gorgeous flowers that can be white, yellow, pink, red or purple.
Snapdragons are hardy and can handle a heavy frost.
Snapdragons are outstanding container plants that often self-seed after establishment.
Snapdragons are plants capable of self-fertilization.
Snapdragons are popular garden plants, and many horticultural varieties exist.
Snapdragons are susceptible to rust, a fungus disease.
Snapdragons are very hardy.
Snapdragons are very pretty cut flowers.
Snapdragons can also tolerate light shade.
Snapdragons can handle a light frost or two.
Snapdragons can make a significant impact on the appearance of a garden.
Snapdragons can tolerate light frost.
Snapdragons come in a multitude of colors, white, pink, yellow, bronze, rose and red.
Snapdragons come in a wide spectrum of colors, including purple.
Snapdragons come in many colors and sizes.
Snapdragons come in three different sizes.
Snapdragons flourish in well-fertilized soil and full sun.
Snapdragons grow as thick, one to three-foot tall spikes adorned with colorful flowers.
Snapdragons grow best in full sunlight.
Snapdragons have (part) blossoms.
Snapdragons have (part) carpels.
Snapdragons have (part) cell membranes.
Snapdragons have (part) cells.
Snapdragons have (part) corpi.
Snapdragons have (part) cytoplasm.
Snapdragons have (part) flowers.
Snapdragons have (part) nuclei.
Snapdragons have (part) ovaries.
Snapdragons have (part) perianths.
Snapdragons have (part) plasma membranes.
Snapdragons have (part) sections.
Snapdragons have (part) stamens.
Snapdragons have (part) vacuoles.
Snapdragons have flower heads.
Snapdragons have flowers.
Snapdragons have heads.
Snapdragons have leaves.
Snapdragons have roots.
Snapdragons have shallow roots.
Snapdragons have tall spikes of brightly colored flowers that bloom profusely in cooler weather.
Snapdragons have vertical flower spikes that start opening at the bottom and move to the top.
Snapdragons kevlar with implosion bar in size large.
Snapdragons make excellent cut flowers, adding height, colour and texture to arrangements.
Snapdragons make excellent cut flowers, are fragrant and deer-resistant and easy to grow in pots.
Snapdragons make excellent cutflowers and excel in beds and at the front of borders.
Snapdragons make terrific cut flowers, and cutting the flowers encourages new blooms.
Snapdragons offer protection.
Snapdragons perform best in cooler summer climates.
Snapdragons prefer average to rich, well-drained soil.
Snapdragons prefer cool weather but require a sunny location.
Snapdragons prefer cool weather, but grow in sunny spots through summer.
Snapdragons prefer the cool, moist parts of the growing season.
Snapdragons receive water.
Snapdragons release four times more scent during the day, when the bees are active, than at night.
Snapdragons serve as dramatic stirrers for cocktails.
Snapdragons show incomplete dominance in their flowers.
Snapdragons survive cold nights.
Snapdragons survive cold winter nights.
Snapdragons survive nights.
Snapdragons survive winter nights.
Snapdragons tend to go downhill after their first year and it's best to start fresh every year.
Snapdragons thrive best in soil that s well draining and moist.
Snapdragons work well in combination with pansies, panolas, and ornamental kale or cabbage.
Many snapdragons are fragrant.
Most snapdragons have flower heads.
Most snapdragons have flowers.
Most snapdragons have heads.
Most snapdragons have roots.
Most snapdragons have shallow roots.
Most snapdragons offer protection.
Most snapdragons receive water.
Most snapdragons survive cold nights.
Most snapdragons survive cold winter nights.
Most snapdragons survive winter nights.
Some snapdragons have ability.
Some snapdragons have habitat requirements.
Some snapdragons have narrow habitat requirements.
Some snapdragons have requirements.
Snapless installation provides smooth, tight fit without drilling into exterior painted surfaces .
Snaplet system manages automated checking.
Snapp soils are of moderate extent.
Snapp soils are on fan piedmont remnants and rock pediment remnants.
Snapp soils are on fans piedmont remnants and rock pediment remnants.
Snapped boundaries can include one or more different strata.
Snapped trees show the direction in which the twisters travelled.
Snapper is a favour
Snapper is fish.
Snapper is part of snapper.
Snapper is saltwater fish.
Snappers also consume quite a bit of plant material in their diet.
Snappers are a novel trick item.
Snappers are easy to catch and provide great action, especially for kids and beginners.
Snappers are excellent food fishes and important to local fisheries.
Snappers are great for pan frying.
Snappers are the most colorful species of food fish in the world and have unequaled taste.
Snappers are usually too slow to catch healthy game fish.
Snappers get their name from the snap sound that occurs when they are taken off a line or hook.
Snappers have a large head and strong jaws.
Snappers live in ponds, lakes, rivers, and streams.
Snappers remain very short.
Snappers typically have a notched tail with a triangular-shaped head.
Snappers often provide a great shoreside fishing experience for kids in the late summer months.
Most snappers have large eyes and a broken color pattern.
Snappy acidity persists in a long finish.
Snappy blade helps maintain kick cadence.
Snappy comebacks are the last thing to worry about.
Snappy fruit makes it a decent partner with roast turkey breast.
Snappy titles make for quick browsing.
A snapshot is a photograph
Snapshots allow onscreen analysis of intracardiac EGMs.
Snapshots also provide key advantages in the restoration and recovery of databases.
Snapshots are acceptable.
Snapshots are as of the end of the given day, Eastern Standard Time.
Snapshots are available here .
Snapshots are available now.
Snapshots are fine if they are clear.
Snapshots are fine so long as they are clear.
Snapshots are fine.
Snapshots are for family reunions and vacations.
Snapshots are just fine.
Snapshots are less important than long, sensitive observations.
Snapshots are moments in time.
Snapshots are much more recognizable than icons for many information types.
Snapshots are perfect.
Snapshots are pictures.
Snapshots are quick records of time, while works of art move beyond simple record-telling.
Snapshots are read-only images of an entire file system, including database files.
Snapshots are risky.
Snapshots are subject to the weather.
Snapshots are test releases of the -current source tree.
Snapshots are, for better or worse, the hoi polloi of the photographic world.
Snapshots can reveal family members' pride in certain possessions.
Snapshots Click on the image to enlarge the view.
Snapshots demand that a person look with intimate understanding or go away uncomprehending.
Snapshots don t show the million decisions that led to that moment.
Snapshots enable creation of a read-only copy of an entire filer volume.
Snapshots is another original daily comic.
Snapshots is very much a work in progress.
Snapshots produced by molecular simulation reveal a sponge-like structure.
Snapshots provide frozen images of the file systems.
Snapshots provide information about open applications and network connections.
Snapshots reduce backup and restore windows and help to eliminate costly downtime.
Snapshots support Some little bugs fixed.
Snapshots Turn to our popular pictorial diary of news happenings from around the world.
Snapshots visits the world as it gets ready for the silly season.
Snapshots often scan better than slides.
Every snapshot contains enough information to make a calculation of the exact position of the pen.
A snare drum is a drum
Snare drums are a bit different.
Snare drums play paradiddles, flams and rolls in a traditional rudimental style.
Snare traps are a different matter.
A snare is a design
Snare drums with gated reverb, blah blah blah.
Snare is short for SNAP receptors.
Snare is simply the snare used to capture animals or birds.
Snare rules Nice.
Snare throw off.
Snares appear to be on the increase in the area.
Snares are also wonderful tools for catching animals.
Snares are another story.
Snares are available in three cable sizes.
Snares are drums.
Snares are string.
Snares are the latest traps being used for animals.
Snares are the latest traps being used for beaver.
Snares are the most primitive, indiscriminate, and inhumane traps used legally in the United States.
Snares are traps.
Snares are very popular because they are relatively inexpensive.
Snares are wire strangulation noose that tightens around an animal's neck or body.
Snares can be one of the most useful things when faced with a life or death situation.
Snares can be useful, particularly in dive sets and slides where legal.
Snares can colilide pretty easily too, so maybe some has gotta come out.
Snares can kill by strangulation if they are set to do so or the animal struggles too long.
Snares come in different sizes and lengths.
Snares mainly target ground dwellers, antelopes and rodents.
Snares offer several advantages over steel foothold traps.
Snares placed in trails or under fences can successfully capture coyotes.
Snares placed in trails or under fences can successfully capture furbearers.
Snares present several advantages over steel leghold traps.
Snares then helps the song start.
Snares too cause horrendous injuries.
Snares use Weatherking snare-side heads.
All snares are relatively unselective.
All snares come equippedwith one snare and full setting instructions.
Every snare hit is there for a reason.
Snark players have excellent jumping height, long jump ability and a powerful bite.
Snatch straps are a wonderful invention.
Snatch Violence can be necessary.
A snatch is a fanny
Snatch is a film to be ridden for the sheer joy of the ride.
Snatch is a lot of fun.
Snatch is a much more violent foreign film.
Snatch is a wholly different, fast paced manfest extravaganza.
Snatch is at times explicitly violent, though the actual hack and gore is just outside of the frame.
Snatch is brilliant as it assembles such a motley cast.
Snatch is extremely violent in nature.
Snatch is fast, furious and funny.
Snatch is full of cartoon cruelty, of men as crooked as a dog's hind leg.
Snatch is in a similar vein and just a terrific film.
Snatch is like a fireworks display.
Snatch is mighty funny.
Snatch is phenomenal.
Snatch is well worth the money, time, and energy.
Snatchs are fragments.
Snazzy look is sure to impress fellow students.
Snazzy memorabilia is a sure way to draw a crowd at a news conference.
A sneak is a person
Sneaks take potshots.
Sneakeasy sides have a rich dark mahogany look to it.
Sneaker waves can appear very quickly.
Sneaker waves can come up with no warning.
A sneaker is a shoe
Sneaker prints just hose off.
Sneakers are acceptable for gym class and recess only.
Sneakers are adequate, but any hard-sole shoe or boot is sure to cause an injury.
Sneakers are adult males disguised as immature males.
Sneakers are appropriate footwear.
Sneakers are athletic shoes.
Sneakers are athletic shoes.
Sneakers are fine.
Sneakers are great for turn-out.
Sneakers are ideal for safety.
Sneakers are located in gyms.
Sneakers are mandatory.
Sneakers are most appropriate footwear.
Sneakers are much less expensive.
Sneakers are now 'weekend shoes'.
Sneakers are ok, ballet or jazz shoes are also good.
Sneakers are ok.
Sneakers are okay if they are solid black or brown.
Sneakers are pretty simple.
Sneakers are small males which spawn with females in a terminal male's territory.
Sneakers are some of the very few flat and comfortable shoes that are fashionable to wear.
Sneakers are sports shoes.
Sneakers are the most effective.
Sneakers are the preferred mode of transportation.
Sneakers are unacceptable.
Sneakers are way more cool than soccer shoes.
Sneakers can dilute male s sperm, but the effect is usually minor.
Sneakers have no chance against a vigilant, blue-throated guard.
Sneakers is an alcohol-free dance club.
Sneakers Release No.
Sneakers roast Eighteen doing except some sneakers.
Sneakers squeak against a shiny floor.
Sneakers squeak on the floor as the players stop short and run up and down the hardwood court.
Sneakers squeak, bodies bang and shots fall through the hoop.
Sneakers tend to be too wide and can get caught in a stirrup.
Sneakers wear out.
Sneakers Wear socks.
All sneakers are mens unless otherwise specified.
Some sneakers are good for jogging.
Some sneakers have canvas tops.
Some sneakers have flat soles.
Some sneakers reflect light for night jogging.
Sneaky avengers find subtler ways to get back at the oppressor.
Some sneaky person places themselves in a position where they can obtain information.
Some sneaky thieves are out of business, thanks to some sneakier police work.
Sneaky weeds move into the centers of plants.
A sneeze is a reflex
A sneeze is a symptom
Sneeze eat for a servant hence support red fern grows.
Sneezes  spray.
Sneezes are different, yet alike.
Sneezes are healthy, and can help to remove germs, allergens, or dust from the nose.
Sneezes are illnesses.
Sneezes are like mini explosions.
Sneezes are reflexs.
Sneezes are symptoms.
Sneezes can be single or multiple.
Sneezes occur in rapid, multiple sequence.
A sneezeweed is a herb
Sneezeweed increases with range misuse.
Sneezeweed is common in wet to wet-mesic prairies and other inland fresh meadows.
Snellen acuity seems to be a poor indicator of an individual's ability to pass a number plate test.
Snellen test is quick, low cost screen.
A snicker is a laugh
Snickers also enjoys playing with other dogs.
Snickers are candy bars.
Snickers are candy.
Snickers are laughs.
Snickers come from the audience.
Snickers is a Australian Shepherd and one yr.
Snickers is a chocolate and tan dachsie.
Snickers is a lot of fun.
Snickers is active and loves kids and other dogs.
Snickers is apparently the name of a horse belonging to the developer of the bar .
Snickers is just the best candy bar ever made.
Snickers is our watchdog.
Snickers is the most popular candy.
Snickers ripple around the room.
Snickers Send feedback to snickers.
Snickerings are laughings.
Snickers bars are fine at room temp.
Sniffer dogs are also vital to the operation.
Sniffer dogs are one alternative used to detect land mines, plastic or metal.
Sniffer dogs have some serious drawbacks as well.
A sniffer is a person
Sniffers also have different methods of logging.
Sniffers are a device used by computer criminals to learn passwords.
Sniffers are able to capture user keystrokes containing host, account, and password information.
Sniffers are basically data interception programs.
Sniffers are devices that capture network packets.
Sniffers are invaluable when tracing the source of a gas leak.
Sniffers are less often addicted than the other respondents.
Sniffers are network monitoring tools, while the spy programs are client-side tools.
Sniffers are people.
Sniffers are programs that monitor traffic on the Internet.
Sniffers are slightly different.
Sniffers are software tools that read all computer traffic.
Sniffers are the most dreaded nightmare of system administrators.
Sniffers is one of the main causes of mass break-ins on the Internet today.
Sniffers monitor the data traveling over a network.
Sniffers represent a high level of risk.
Sniffers throw the net into that mode.
Sniffers Use hardware encryption.
All sniffers are basically the same.
Many sniffers lose feeling in their feet and develop a tell-tale stomp in their walk.
Some sniffers only save targeted data then forwards it to a drop box.
A sniffle is a breathing
Sniffles can be a symptom of an allergy.
Sniffy mouths are also pretty mouths since their teeth are so clean and happy.
A snip is a piece
Snips are also the basis of a fashionable new approach to drug design known as pharmacogenomics.
Snips are pieces.
Snips are shears.
Snips can enter into one or both nostrils, or extend to the lip.
Snips promise to yield two troves of information, one past and one present.
Snipe eels are another pretty crazy looking fish.
Snipe flies can be vicious biters and feed during the day.
A snipe is a wader
Snipes are gunfire.
Snipes are shorebirds.
Snipes are uncommon in Vermont, but in the West Rutland marsh they seem to be everywhere.
Snipes cuts an impressive, imposing figure here.
Snipes does well enough as the detective.
Snipes has permission to proceed on the expedition.
Snipes have long beaks for probing in mud and water to find worms and other small animals.
Snipes is a professional actor, dancer and choreographer.
Snipes is all badass here.
Snipes is back aboard the project again.
Snipes is excellent.
Snipes is great in the action sequences but falls short during the expository material.
Snipes is reasonably funny as a blonde-haired villain.
Snipes is stuck in some of the movie's worst scenes.
Snipes isn t the only one to leave the film without an enemy.
Snipes live down below and can occasionally be see emerging from small hatches in the main deck.
Snipes removes the eye of a victim and carries it around on the end of a pen.
Snipes step through the shallow waters pecking at the shellfish and worms of the flats.
Snipes takes a motorcycle and rides it straight down a series of escalators.
A snipefish is a bony fish
Snipefishes spawn pelagic eggs and lack parental care.
A sniper rifle is a rifle
Sniper rifles are another thing completely.
Sniper rifles are cool.
Sniper rifles are rifles.
Sniper rifles are very deadly already.
Sniper teams use the technique best suited for the urban hide position.
Sniper training is part of the training of Palestinian security forces.
A sniper is a marksman
Sniper is in the middle.
Sniper rifles cause squads to test for pinning, if a wound is taken.
Snipers act independently.
Snipers add quite a bit, as do the fact that hostages can move around the map on their own.
Snipers are a breed apart.
Snipers are also useful at flag defense.
Snipers are another basic class, but favor a different playing style.
Snipers are in elevated perches with rifles pointed at the inmates.
Snipers are marksmans.
Snipers are on the roofs of houses and interspersed among the civilians in the courtyard.
Snipers are one of the best classes for taking out sentries.
Snipers are quiet and can wait in one position for days or even weeks to get the perfect shot.
Snipers are skilled workers.
Snipers are the platoons best shot.
Snipers are typically underachievers who tend to be rebellious and defensive.
Snipers are very precise and calculating individuals.
Snipers can actually raise the price a fair amount.
Snipers can be extremely efficient.
Snipers can cover minefields and obstacles and hinder the passage of the enemy across open areas.
Snipers can rack up the kills out here.
Snipers can thus no longer watch and fire without being seen.
Snipers do it with a bang.
Snipers fire freely into both Jewish villages and Jerusalem with out let up.
Snipers have a tough time hitting the lower bridges without exposing themselves.
Snipers have relatively good cover, and it takes quite a trek for someone to raid the deck.
Snipers have several good spots to choose from.
Snipers keep watch from the roof of the regional parliament.
Snipers know to stop running when charging the sniper rifle.
Snipers lose auctions every day.
Snipers love stationary targets.
Snipers love to hide in here, so watch out.
Snipers make the best drivers though as they're the most intelligent infantry.
Snipers move inches at a time, slowly and cautiously, always scanning ahead for the next position.
Snipers only get ammo.
Snipers play an integral role in most missions.
Snipers provide security for the marching column.
Snipers qualify a minimum of every quarter, with different minimums for different courses of fire.
Snipers secure the border.
Snipers seem to be equally effective for attacking and defending.
Snipers shoot people on the campus at night for the fun of it, and rape is rampant.
Snipers shoot targets that are far away .
Snipers shoot targets that are far away.
Snipers sit for days waiting for the perfect moment to get the kill.
Snipers stalk each other and shoot at each other in many scenes.
Snipers strafe the checkpoints at night and lay mines on the roads used by military convoys.
Snipers take positions atop charred and bullet-pocked buildings as darkness falls.
Snipers throw verbal attacks in several ways.
Snipers use min.
Snipers always are a threat.
Snipers often work in pairs, and the Montreal shooter evidently had a cohort who escaped arrest.
Snipers usually wear camouflage clothing, to avoid being seen.
Most snipers use the bolt-action, since it is extremely dependable, accurate, and simple to use.
Some snipers are famous for having killed hundreds of enemy soldiers .
Some snipers are famous for having killed hundreds of enemy soldiers.
A snippet is a piece
Snippet comes with a selection of code snippets for immediate use.
Snippets lives up to that reputation.
Snippets work best with small bits of information that can be viewed within the tiny icons.
Snippy retorts can escalate into physical violence in a mouse click.
A snitch is a source
Snitch is a synonym for nose, so that meaning seems paramount, even in the films noirs of our day.
Snitch remains a personal favorite.
Snitches have to say something in order to continue being paid, so they'll give false information.
Snitches tell lies.
Snitches always say that.
Most snitches are criminals trying to reduce their sentences or get charges dropped.
Snivel gear forms the bulk of the equipment a soldier is issued.
A snob is a person
Snobs are only too ready to sneer at people whose enthusiasm results in mistimed applause.
Snobs still live in the thickets, just beyond the orchard.
Snobs try always to bring for- ward their duke and conceal their cobbler.
Snobbery can be a good thing, if it means a celebration of all that is excellent.
Snobbery is arrogance
Snobbery is arrogance.
Snobbery is one of the characteristics of a rigid mind . . .
Snobbery is short-sighted.
Snofest buttons are now on sale at area businesses.
A snood is a network
Snood can be addictive.
Snood is shareware.
Snoods are a cross between a soft bag, a hairnet and a hat of sorts.
Snoods are convenient.
Snoods are great for bad hair days.
Snoods are net.
Snoods are such a fabulous way to instantly dress up any hairstyle.
Snoods are tubes of fabric with elastic at both ends.
Snoods can also dress up any evening gown or wedding attendant gown.
All snoods are of clear Amnesia.
A snook is a robalo
Snook fight hard using fast runs combined with quick changes of direction and jumps.
Snook isa fish.
Snook make excellent table fare.
Snook points to a real-life murder and trial that helped tweak that fascination.
Snook tend to hide along the shorelines of inlets and estuaries.
Snooks have (part) brains.
Snooks have (part) breasts.
Snooks have (part) cell membranes.
Snooks have (part) chest cavities.
Snooks have (part) chests.
Snooks have (part) corpi.
Snooks have (part) cytoplasm.
Snooks have (part) ears.
Snooks have (part) faces.
Snooks have (part) fish scales.
Snooks have (part) fishbones.
Snooks have (part) flippers.
Snooks have (part) heads.
Snooks have (part) nuclei.
Snooks have (part) pedal extremities.
Snooks have (part) plasma membranes.
Snooks have (part) rib cages.
Snooks have (part) sections.
Snooks have (part) skulls.
Snooks have (part) sperm.
Snooks have (part) sterna.
Snooks have (part) tail fins.
Snooks have (part) vacuoles.
Snooks have (part) vertebrate feet.
Snooks have (part) yolks.
Snooks have foreheads.
Snooks have slope foreheads.
Most snooks have foreheads.
Most snooks have slope foreheads.
Some snooks eat juicy shrimp.
Some snooks eat shrimp.
Some snooks have eyesights.
Some snooks have fins.
Some snooks have jaws.
Some snooks inhabit fresh water.
Some snooks inhabit water.
Some snooks survive in water.
Snooker room provides recreation in a traditional form.
A snooker table is a table
Snooker tables have less friendly pockets.
A snooper is a spy
Snoopers are a group of young scientists who solve mysteries using their predicting.
Snoopers can then gain unauthorized access to accounts and files on the Internet.
Snoopers is our sweet little friend from Illinois.
Snoopies are fictional characters.
Snoopies are located in newspapers.
Snoopy Come Home.
Snoopy does the same set of experiments in another closed room.
Snoopy is a beagle.
Snoopy is a fictional character .
Snoopy is a great cosplayer .
Snoopy is a great cosplayer.
Snoopy is a very, very sweet fellow who is totally deaf.
Snoopy is always in the clouds.
Snoopy is completely transparent to the user and applications.
Snoopy is cool.
Snoopy is funny.
Snoopy is imaginative.
Snoopy is in the lobby in a large window.
Snoopy is just cool.
Snoopy is quite colorful.
Snoopy is way beyond universal.
Snoopy responds well to training with treats, positive reinforcement of the rules.
Snoopy runs stiltedly but loves running with other dogs.
Snooze option appears after alarm, and can be applied to any alarm.
A snorkel diving is a skin-dive
Snorkel diving is much less risky for people with asthma than scuba diving.
Snorkel equipment comes with the boat.
Snorkel equipment is available for rent at Trunk Bay.
Snorkel equipment is available for rent.
Snorkel equipment is available.
Snorkel equipment is included.
Snorkel equipment is provided and lessons are available.
Snorkel equipment is provided for the snorkel sails.
Snorkel equipment is provided, as well as fruit punch and run punch, after snorkeling.
Snorkel equipment is provided.
All snorkel equipment is provided by the tour company.
All snorkel equipment is supplied on board.
Snorkel gear is all deluxe gear, fins are super comfortable to prevent chaffing.
Snorkel gear is also available at the hotel resorts.
Snorkel gear is also available.
Snorkel gear is available for guests without charge.
Snorkel gear is available for personal rental.
Snorkel gear is available for rent nearby.
Snorkel gear is available for rental.
Snorkel gear is provided on the tour boat.
Snorkel gear is provided.
All snorkel gear is furnished.
All snorkel gear is provided, and there are no time limits on the tours.
Some snorkel keepers are in the shape of a figure eight.
A snorkel is a ventilator
Snorkel check out and beach snorkeling.
Snorkels are available in ranges of colours to match the mask.
Snorkels are most useful where the contaminant releases are localized.
Snorkels are nice, flippers are nice, scuba tanks are nice.
Snorkels are part of submarines.
Snorkels are pipes.
Snorkels are sports equipment.
Snorkels feature a soft mouthpiece and a mask attachment loop.
All snorkels are of similar dimensions to allow both ease of breathing and clearing.
Some snorkels have a flexible section near the mouthpiece.
Some snorkels move the point where the air is taken in, to as high as the roof.
A snorkeling is a skin-dive
Snorkeling can be as safe for children as it is enjoyable.
Snorkeling can be pretty good here.
Snorkeling can be too shallow, but scuba diving can be intimidating.
Snorkeling is a fantastic experience in Kauai.
Snorkeling is a fantastic experience in Maui.
Snorkeling is a favorite activity by visitors and locals alike.
Snorkeling is a favorite pastime, and the property's cove is a great place for such activities.
Snorkeling is a frequent activity on Galapagos tours.
Snorkeling is a fun sport, but only when one is comfortable.
Snorkeling is a good way to check out a spot.
Snorkeling is a great family sport enjoyed by all age groups.
Snorkeling is a great way to view the underwater world and all the wonders that it holds.
Snorkeling is a perfect activity for the whole family .
Snorkeling is a popular way to view the edge of the reef.
Snorkeling is a required part of the field experience.
Snorkeling is a safe, easy activity that virtually anyone can master quickly and enjoy enormously.
Snorkeling is a safer alternative.
Snorkeling is a training.
Snorkeling is also a joy.
Snorkeling is also a popular activity.
Snorkeling is also a possibility.
Snorkeling is also an option.
Snorkeling is also available on all dive trips on a space available basis.
Snorkeling is also available with full equipment is provided.
Snorkeling is also available with the assistance of friendly staff, and full equipment is provided.
Snorkeling is also excellent.
Snorkeling is also extremely popular in the Cayman Islands .
Snorkeling is also one of the cheapest things to do on our beautiful island.
Snorkeling is also popular.
Snorkeling is also to introduce scuba diving to the whole family.
Snorkeling is also very good.
Snorkeling is always a popular activity on our bareboat cruises.
Snorkeling is an activity that is best perfected through feeling and repetition.
Snorkeling is an easy way for the novice to marvel at the wondrous scenery below.
Snorkeling is an educational and exciting activity that the whole family can enjoy together.
Snorkeling is an ideal activity for people of all ages and interests to share with each other.
Snorkeling is an inherently dangerous activity that can result in serious injury or death.
Snorkeling is an option, though there are large barracuda and sharks around.
Snorkeling is an unobtrusive way to view what lives in our oceans and waterways.
Snorkeling is another favorite water pastime.
Snorkeling is as spectacular for the diver and non-diver alike.
Snorkeling is available.
Snorkeling is awesome at certain beaches that provide equipment rentals at a reasonable price.
Snorkeling is best early in the day, before the sand has been kicked up by all the swimmers.
Snorkeling is best early in the morning or later in the afternoon when the crowds are smaller.
Snorkeling is best on the left side of beach.
Snorkeling is better in the morning before the trade winds pick up.
Snorkeling is by far the most popular activity on the island.
Snorkeling is close by and for extra excitement, partake in jet skiing or parasailing.
Snorkeling is common here, as there are numerous spots within a short distance.
Snorkeling is easy and requires no special skills or previous experience.
Snorkeling is easy, for abundant sea life and coral reefs are close to shore.
Snorkeling is easy.
Snorkeling is encouraged and all snorkeling gear including masks, fins and snorkels are available.
Snorkeling is especially good at the reef gardens on the cape's southern end.
Snorkeling is especially popular here the home of the only living reef in North America.
Snorkeling is excellent here.
Snorkeling is excellent on the nearby reef.
Snorkeling is excellent with abundant fish to be seen.
Snorkeling is excellent, especially at Blue Beach.
Snorkeling is exceptional.
Snorkeling is fabulous and so is the food.
Snorkeling is for anybody.
Snorkeling is for the veteran and non-swimmer alike.
Snorkeling is fun and easy for the whole family.
Snorkeling is good along the shore of the channel separating North and South Plazas.
Snorkeling is good beneath the cliffs of both Corona beaches.
Snorkeling is good but keep in mind that the only facilities here are picnic tables and an outhouse.
Snorkeling is good, alot of fish, but visibility is tricky.
Snorkeling is good.
Snorkeling is great fun for families and friends.
Snorkeling is great here, and the winds tend to be mild.
Snorkeling is great right from the shore, Gazing at fish and coral on the ocean floor.
Snorkeling is great too in the shallow coral gardens around the cayes.
Snorkeling is great.
Snorkeling is like being in an aquarium.
Snorkeling is nice at Savannah Bay at high tide.
Snorkeling is no good either.
Snorkeling is offered at other locations when water conditions permit.
Snorkeling is one of the most popular activities in Hawaii - for good reason.
Snorkeling is one option.
Snorkeling is outstanding.
Snorkeling is part of a tour of the islands, or between dives on diving trips.
Snorkeling is participation in the aquatic wilderness.
Snorkeling is particularly fine out on the point off the White Bay Campground.
Snorkeling is particularly good over the coral formations on the west coast.
Snorkeling is perhaps the easiest methods of immersing oneself in a true wilderness environment.
Snorkeling is permitted anywhere.
Snorkeling is popular here.
Snorkeling is possible although visibility is inconsistent.
Snorkeling is possible at the south end near the hotel.
Snorkeling is possible, but the bay is too fished out to spot much marine life.
Snorkeling is pretty good there.
Snorkeling is really easier than most people think.
Snorkeling is required.
Snorkeling is right off the beach and the water is beautiful.
Snorkeling is some of the best anywhere.
Snorkeling is subject to weather conditions at Trunk Bay.
Snorkeling is superb in hidden coves, accessible only by foot, kayak, or a long swim.
Snorkeling is superb right in front of the complex with a gradually sloping white sand beach.
Snorkeling is the best way to become familiar with the flora and fauna.
Snorkeling is the easiest and most common way of visiting a coral reef.
Snorkeling is the easiest introduction to the oceans and seas.
Snorkeling is the least expensive way to participate in exploring the underwater world.
Snorkeling is the perfect activity for an unforgettable sunburn.
Snorkeling is very easy and most people learn to relax and enjoy the experience quickly.
Snorkeling is weather permitting.
Snorkeling is wonderful all around the unit.
Snorkeling is wonderful.
Snorkeling offshore is OK at best.
Snorkeling provides a way to explore the underwater world of Mono Lake in comfort.
Snorkeling seems easy.
Snorkeling there is great.
A snort is a laugh
Snort has real-time alerting capability with alerts being sent to syslog, or a separate alert file.
Snort installs itself with many example rules files and other documentation.
Snort is a network sniffer which detects and logs suspicious network traffic.
Snort is a open source project and remains free to the user.
Snort is a versatile, lightweight and very useful intrusion detection system.
Snort is portable across multiple platforms using the libpcap library.
Snort looks down with a terrifying glare.
Snort offers many features that make it an ideal choice in the battle against Internet intruders.
Snort works by listening to all the network traffic and comparing what it sees to various rules.
Snorts generally are more frequent in young horses.
Snortings are exhalation.
A snout is a nose
Snout isa nose.
Snouts are part of heads.
Snouts are short and pliable.
Snouts have (part) bone cells.
Snouts have (part) bridges.
Snouts have (part) corpi.
Snouts have (part) ground substances.
Snouts have (part) hip sockets.
Snouts have (part) lobes.
Snouts have (part) marrow.
Snouts have (part) mast cells.
Snouts have (part) nostrils.
Snouts have fang teeth.
Snouts have functions.
Snouts have surfaces.
Snouts have teeth.
Snouts have tips.
Most snouts are part of heads.
Most snouts have functions.
Most snouts have surfaces.
Most snouts have teeth.
Most snouts have tips.
Some snouts are supported by heads.
Some snouts have spines.
Some snouts look like heads.
Some snouts resemble pigs.
Snow angel is an interpretation of angels' love and care for children.
Snow avalanches are also a danger in many places.
Snow avalanches are also common.
Snow avalanches are frequent in the winter.
Snow avalanches create large-scale vegetation disturbances.
Snow avalanches involve snow.
Snow avalanches kill more people in the mountains than any other natural disaster.
Snow avalanches pose a very serious threat to the unwary back country traveler.
Most snow avalanches involve snow.
Snow ball fight.
Snow ball fights, etc.
Snow Basin is now public land.
Snow Basin is the closest of the three local ski areas.
Snow birds are welcome too.
Snow birds welcome.
Many snow birds end up here during the winter months.
Snow blindness is a real threat and they want to ensure their clients' safety.
Snow blindness is a very painful experience.
Snow blindness is actually sunburn of the eyes and is very painful indeed.
Snow blindness is serious business, which involves the burning of the retina.
A snow blower is a machine
Snow blowers are dangerous and can also tear up the roof.
All snow blowers are potentially dangerous to the uninformed, careless user.
Snow boarding has much more potential for a computer game than a snoozy old skiing game.
Snow boarding is harder than it looks.
Some snow boarding is permitted but no short skis are permitted due to insurance considerations.
Snow brand is also available in Thai markets.
Snow bridges are areas of snow forming the roofs of crevasses.
Snow bridges are solid over crevasses.
Snow bridges blend in with the surrounding landscape, hiding the crevasse.
All snow bridges are still strong.
Snow buttercups grow in sites.
Most snow buttercups grow in sites.
Snow cannons ensure that the trail back to the resort is always open.
Snow cannons work hard in year's of light snow.
All snow cats used during the training are the responsibility of the contracting organization.
Snow City is the first permanent indoor snow centre in Singapore.
Snow City is the website of a new attraction, Snow City, in sunny Singapore.
Snow clearing is a major issue with the able-bodied and the disabled alike.
Snow conditions are always good in the winter, even when other areas are starving for snow.
Snow conditions are amazing in the bowl right now.
Snow conditions are better than ever.
Snow conditions are excellent and a wide variety of terrain exists for skiers of all abilities.
Snow conditions are excellent and weather conditions look good for a good weekend of racing.
Snow conditions are good for skiing and snowmobiling.
Snow conditions are good with a snow depth of one to ten feet and one of the longest seasons.
Snow conditions are packed powder with grooming every night on our main runs.
Snow conditions are perfect.
Snow conditions are poor to non-existent.
Snow conditions are powdery early in the season, with hardpack developing as the season progresses.
Snow conditions are variable.
Snow conditions can change dramatically from day to day, even hour to hour.
Snow conditions change almost every day.
Snow conditions determine the availability of trails.
Snow conditions determine which tour.
Snow conditions influence where caribou are able to travel, and the availability of their food.
Snow conditions make a difference too.
Snow conditions range from black ice to perfect corn snow to thigh-deep slush.
Snow conditions reports for ski and snowboard areas in North America.
Snow conditions vary from run to run.
Snow conditions vary throughout the day.
Snow country is no longer just for skiers.
Snow cover can act as a blanket and prevent safe ice from forming.
Snow cover can adversely affect the strength of ice.
Snow cover can also vary considerably from year to year.
Snow cover can protect crops from extreme cold.
Snow cover has a chilling effect on climate.
Snow cover has dramatic effects on the structure and functioning of Arctic ecosystems in winter.
Snow cover helps even more.
Snow cover increases the development of Sclerotinia crown and stem rot during the winter.
Snow cover insulates plants from exposure to lethal and sub-lethal temperatures in winter.
Snow cover is adequate for alfalfa and winter wheat.
Snow cover is adequate to protect fall seeded crops and forage.
Snow cover is also deceptive and makes evaluating the ice cover difficult.
Snow cover is also fine.
Snow cover is derived from climatology and is accounted for as a modification to the surface albedo.
Snow cover is generally superb.
Snow cover is highly beneficial.
Snow cover is important for the salmon.
Snow cover is intermittent.
Snow cover is minimal and grasses and shrubs are lush.
Snow cover is more important than low temperatures in initiating dormancy.
Snow cover is normally too erratic for over snow recreation.
Snow cover is often highly beneficial.
Snow cover makes the scree easier but an ice axe is then required.
Snow cover makes winter complete.
Snow cover provides important insulation and protection to hibernating animals.
Snow cover reflects a large amount of sunlight back into space.
Snow cover remains in the high mountain regions.
Snow cover tends to reduce maximum daytime temperatures.
Snow crab lends itself well to salads and pasta dishes.
Most snow crab is consumed in restaurants, a sector vulnerable to economic fluctuations.
Some snow crabs have years.
Snow crocuses are especially good here as they emerge very early.
Snow crocuses get their name, as they are the earliest of spring flowers.
Snow crystals are always six-sided because of the way water fits together as it freezes.
Snow Crystals are hot stuff.
Snow crystals are one of the most popular natural products.
Snow crystals are the hieroglyphs sent from the sky.
Snow crystals can last an instant and melt.
Snow crystals form by a process of sublimation.
Snow crystals formed in the clouds can have a variety of shapes, depending on the temperature.
All snow crystals are hexagonal.
Snow days are cool.
Snow days can create havoc for our established classroom routines.
Snow days cause all scheduled classes to be pushed forward one day that week.
Snow days require reservations from specific points as directed by office.
Snow depth appears to be an important factor, as well as the existence of snow cover.
Snow depth is computed.
Snow depth is measured at striped stakes as shown in the above photograph.
Snow depth is reported in level centimetres of snow.
Snow depth is reported to the nearest whole inch.
Snow depths are incredible and flotation is absolutely necessary.
Snow depths average four to six feet.
Snow depths can vary from one to several feet of snow, requiring snowshoes for easier travel.
Snow drift can result in a rock outcrop looking different from one image to another.
Snow drifts can close roads when large enough, but there are other hidden dangers in snow drifts.
Snow drifts can cover signs and landmarks and block corners, crosswalks, and handicap access ramps.
Snow drifts can cover signs and landmarks.
Snow drifts can make it very hard to get to the barns.
Snow drifts reach the window sill, insulating the lodge.
Snow drops are in full bloom and daffodils are starting to poke their heads up as well.
Snow fall can be unpredictable.
Snow fall is accumulated and melted by the program if air temperature data is also provided.
Snow fall is associated with higher heating bills.
Snow fall is generally light at the Canyon with temperature well below freezing.
Snow fall is practically unknown to the plains, but quite frequent in the mountains.
Snow fall varies from none, to eyeball deep to a moose.
Snow fence is one of the cheaper options.
Snow fences are a proven technique for reducing the impact of blowing and drifting snow.
Snow fences are just one of the ways to control drifting snow.
Snow flakes are aggregates of ice crystals.
Snow flakes are located in skies.
Snow flakes are simply ice crystals while rain is just liquid water.
Snow flakes fall down the screen.
Snow flakes have lower moisture and higher air content than other types of precipitation.
Snow flakes reduce visibility much more effectively than rain drops.
All snow flakes have six sides, but no two snow flakes are the same.
Snow fleas are animals.
Snow fleas are present in forest leaf litter year-round feeding on decaying organic matter.
Snow fleas are tiny insects, usually less than a tenth of an inch long.
Snow fleas assemble at the base of a tree where warmth creates melt-water on a sunny day.
Snow fleas can remain active in the cold partly because they are dark and absorb heat from the sun.
Snow fleas do indeed exist in the deep north forests.
Snow fleas feed on decay matter.
Snow fleas feed on decay plant matter.
Snow fleas feed on matter.
Most snow fleas feed on decay matter.
Most snow fleas feed on decay plant matter.
Most snow fleas feed on matter.
Some snow fleas have interest.
Snow flukes get their chance to perform.
A snow flurry is snow
Snow flurries are caused by isolated patches of cloud where droplets have frozen.
Snow flurries are possible today.
Snow flurries are the most common cause of precipitation traces in winter.
Snow flurries dance in the crisp winter breeze.
Snow flurries fill the outdoor air, but inside, spring training has come to Toronto.
Snow flurries indicate snow.
Most snow flurries indicate snow.
Snow gauge is at six feet.
Snow geese are an international resource - a migratory game bird.
Snow geese are birds principally of central and western North America.
Snow geese are harbingers of the changing seasons.
Snow geese are magnificent creatures.
Snow geese are migratory birds.
Snow geese are on the edges of fields and feeding on green grasses.
Snow geese are very wary birds.
Snow geese are, to put it mildly, social animals.
Snow geese continue to be bonus birds on goose straps.
Snow geese make excellent table fare.
Some snow geese are also around which is unusual for the South Shore of Long Island.
A snow goose is a goose
Snow Geese are rare winter visitors inland and rare migrants in the southern and eastern counties.
Snow geese are shy around white spreads.
Snow geese have social, economic and ecological value.
Snow gooses are birds.
Snow grains are minute, white and opaque grains of ice.
Snow grains are small, opaque grains of ice, the solid equivalent of drizzle.
Snow grains get angular and don t bond well to one another.
Snow ice is only about half as strong and melts quicker.
A snow job is misrepresentation
Snow Jobs Find a job at ski resorts around the world.
Snow Lake is a small lake, and the tide is small too.
Snow Lake is wonderful.
A snow leopard is a cat
Snow leopard is of the cat family.
Snow leopards are an endangered species.
Snow leopards are animals who have to be kept in large enclosures.
Snow leopards are big cats.
Snow leopards are carnivores and eat meat.
Snow leopards are carnivores, preferring mountain goat, sheep, boars and deer.
Snow leopards are carnivorous cats.
Snow leopards are felines.
Snow leopards are found in the mountains of Central Asia.
Snow leopards are mammals.
Snow leopards are most active at dawn and dusk.
Snow leopards are most active in the early morning and late afternoon.
Snow leopards are one of the top predators in the high mountain food web of Central Asia.
Snow leopards are operating systems.
Snow leopards are powerful predators that are only hunted by humans.
Snow leopards are predatory animals.
Snow leopards are strong, graceful animals, with luxurious, soft fur.
Snow leopards are superb jumpers and leapers.
Snow leopards are well adapted to their harsh mountain environment.
Snow leopards are widely, but sparsely, distributed throughout the mountains of Central Asia.
Snow leopards eat almost anything they can catch, often hunting animals three times their size.
Snow leopards eat wild goats, blue sheep, ibexes, hares and even birds.
Snow leopards give birth in spring or in early summer.
Snow leopards have a tail as long as their body.
Snow leopards have big beady eyes and small ears that stick straight up.
Snow leopards have tails.
Snow leopards have the longest tail of any cat.
Snow leopards help to keep the ecosystem in balance by preying on Himalayan marmot populations.
Snow leopards kill animals.
Snow leopards kill large animals.
Snow leopards live alone most of their lives.
Snow leopards live at the top of the food chain.
Snow leopards live in cold regions.
Snow leopards live in some of the most remote habitat in the world.
Snow leopards live in the alpine zone in the warmer, summer months of the year.
Snow leopards live in the mountains.
Snow leopards live on mountains and they like the height of the mountains.
Snow leopards prefer to ambush prey from above , using broken terrain to conceal their approach .
Snow leopards prefer to ambush prey from above, using broken terrain to conceal their approach.
Most snow leopards have tails.
Most snow leopards kill animals.
Most snow leopards kill large animals.
Snow load means the maximum weight of snow which can be accumulated on the float home.
Snow loads build up on the leeward side, thus top-weighting the slope.
Snow machines are really fun to have running while the audience is being seated.
Snow machines are the best for getting in and out of the ranch.
Snow machines leave the center of the trail soft.
Snow machines provide overland travel during the winter.
Snow machines use a fluid that makes a type of soap suds bubble that slowly wafts through the air.
Snow making continues to impress and provide some snow experience.
Snow melt adds to the amount of runoff.
Snow melt can provide moisture for the next year's crop.
Snow melt follows soon after.
Snow melt is based on the air temperature and the amount of sunshine.
Snow melt makes water plentiful during summer months.
Snow mobile drag racing passage Parents spring on an snow mobile drag racing.
Snow mobiles welcome.
Snow mold can cause considerable damage to cool season turfgrasses during the winter.
Snow mold is a disease that also occurs mostly in Northern regions.
Snow mold is a fungal disease that attacks turfgrass.
Snow mold is a winter disease that is enhanced by succulent growth.
Snow mold is one of the more serious diseases in upstate New York.
Snow mold is worse under conditions of freezing and thawing cycles, accompanied by winter rains.
Snow molds are a problem of winter cereals.
Snow molds get an early start when a wet, deep snow falls on unfrozen ground.
Snow molds grow quite actively at temperatures near freezing.
Some snow molds remain dormant through the summer and spend the winter in a vegetative state.
Snow monkeys inherit their dominance from their mother.
Some snow monkeys become adults.
Snow owls blend in well with the snow.
Snow pack is a key to stream flow each year.
Snow pack is definitely low, but that is just one aspect effecting the fire season.
Snow packs are short and reservoirs are low.
Snow packs can obscure the trail on the plateau and cause the creeks to rise on warm days.
Snow Park is Deer Valley's lower area, near the base lodge.
Snow Park is open weekends.
Snow patches indicate the view here is approx.
A snow pea is a pea
Snow peas are available at Chinese groceries throughout most of the year.
Snow peas are crisp, tender, full of flavor.
Snow peas are green peas.
Snow peas are ideal for stir frys.
Snow peas are one of the delicate glories of the Asian kitchen.
Snow peas are the flat-podded type used primarily in Oriental cooking.
Snow peas are typically dull green and a little limp.
Snow peas grow best in a soil rich in phosphorus and potassium, and with plenty of organic matter.
Snow Peas Use tender leaves.
Snow pellets are beautifully white but are easily crushable between the fingers.
Snow pellets develop as supercooled droplets freeze on ice crystals.
Snow petrels are another species of summer breeding antarctic transients.
Snow petrels feed on zooplankton in polynya s and sometimes on food regurgitated by penguins.
Snow plows are a familiar sight during South Dakota winters.
Snow plows are big, heavy pieces of equipment.
Snow plows are used to remove snow from roads to make driving easier and safer.
Snow plows begin when snow exceeds two inches.
Snow plows have no place to push snow except to the curb or shoulder of the road.
Snow plowing is a feast or famine business.
Snow plowing is also an important part of the company's annual sales.
Snow plowing is provided in winter.
Snow removal becomes much easier without having to maneuver around parked cars.
Snow removal can be an exciting yet demanding task.
Snow removal is a difficult and tiring job.
Snow removal is a seasonal job duty.
Snow removal is a significant and many times a thankless responsibility.
Snow removal is bad.
Snow removal is contracted as needed during the winter months.
Snow removal is contracted each year for the bus sheds and parking lots.
Snow removal is done as required.
Snow removal is done by huge trucks fitted with large plows and wings.
Snow removal is done on a priority system.
Snow removal is done with a fleet of five plows, with two graders added during heavy storms.
Snow removal is often a thankless responsibility.
Snow removal is prompt.
Snow removal is the responsibility of the car owner.
Snow removal is the responsibility of the property owner in every other part of the city.
Snow removal presents a challenge because it is necessary that every building be accessible.
Snow removal takes priority over scheduled cleaning work.
All snow removal is given second priority to snow plowing.
Snow routes are in fine condition now.
Snow sculptures are a highlight of the weekend.
Snow Shark is by far the best.
Snow shoe is great.
Snow shoes come in many shapes and sizes.
Snow shovels are only part of the answer.
Snow shovels go into the garage and brooms and rakes come out.
Snow shovels slide easily across the overlapping arcs.
Snow showers are likely to fall from Minnesota to Michigan.
Snow showers Indicates snow falling at varying intensities for brief periods of time.
Snow showers remain or are are predicted in Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Colorado and Oregon.
Snow showers rest.
Snow skates look pretty much like ski boots or snowboarding boots with a polished bottom.
Snow skating gives the sports enthusiast freedom from poles and boards.
Snow skating is to inline skates as snowboarding is to skateboarding.
Snow ski is also possible in North Carolina.
Snow skiing are actions.
Snow skiing are outdoor activities.
Snow skiing are physical events.
Snow skiing are recreational activities.
Snow Skiing Fill out the form below for further information.
Snow skiing is a great form of wintertime exercise, and over the years it has become much safer.
Snow skiing is also available in the winter.
Snow skiing is just a short trip up to the mountains.
Snow skiing is two hours away.
Snow skiing is very popular with our patients.
Snow snakes are smooth, polished, flexible rods, made of hard wood.
Snow sports are available at numerous places throughout the entire area.
Snow squalls are best know in the Great Lakes region.
Snow squalls are brief but intense periods of snow, accompanies by strong gusty winds.
Snow squalls arrive quickly, but they also tend to pass just as fast.
Snow squalls can develop rapidly in high elevations of the Rocky Mountains.
Snow storms are infrequent.
Snow storms blow in.
Snow storms can arise in a matter of hours even in summer.
Snow storms fall as rain.
Snow storms hit environments.
Snow storms keep mushers on the coast breaking trail.
Snow storms occur seven or eight times a year.
Most snow storms fall as rain.
Most snow storms hit environments.
Some snow storms cause crashes.
A snow thrower is a machine
Snow throwers can propel objects they run over at a high rate of speed.
A snow tire is a tire
Snow tires are best for deep snow.
Snow tires are compulsory in the winter.
Snow tires are noisier than the all-season tire, ride rougher and wear out even faster.
Snow tires are tires.
Snow tires are to Canada what cigarettes are to jail.
Snow tires help driving during the winter months.
Snow Trails Check their site for information.
Snow troopers have no chance.
Snow tubing is a fun new local wintertime sport.
Snow tubing is a hit with children in the winter.
Snow tubing is also available.
Snow tubing is also open.
Snow tubing is an affordable sport for people of all ages.
Snow tubing is available next to one of the two cozy yurts on the trail system.
Snow tubing is just one of the many other popular winter activities to enjoy at Frost Valley.
Snow tubing is modified sledding, and requires no experience.
Snow tubing is open to all ages.
Snow tunnels are approximately the same height and width as underground burrows.
Snow Valley has an innovative ticketing system designed with the skier and snowboarder in mind.
Snow Valley is a camp which is based on work.
Snow Valley is a great ski area.
Snow Valley is a provider of e-business solutions.
Snow Valley is but thirty minutes from Lake Arrowhead.
Snow Valley is closed for season.
Snow Valley is Ontario's premier family ski and snowboard resort.
Snow Valley welcomes snowboarders to the resort.
Snow volleyball is an option on our volleyball court adjacent to the dining hall.
Snow absorbs light.
Snow absorbs the sound within it, yet the sounds from above are amplified.
Snow accumulated by resurfacing the ice is melted with waste heat from the system and refrozen.
Snow acts as an insulation and keeps the cold from getting so deep.
Snow acts as an insulation barrier to the cold.
Snow acts like an insulation layer on the roof above the attic.
Snow actually is quite a small energy returner.
Snow adds to challenges Driving a big bus can be challenging.
Snow adds to the winter scenery.
Snow affects off-road movement.
Snow affects the movements and feeding of ungulates in the winter.
Snow already has an answer for that.
Snow also blankets aprt of it.
Snow also can destroy azaleas and other fine shrubs with brittle branches.
Snow also falls throughout most of the country.
Snow also helps conserve soil moisture over the winter.
Snow also leans toward a patient payment for emails, instead of reimbursement by the insurer.
Snow also means shoveling.
Snow also moderates plant damage, acting as an insulating layer.
Snow also offers testing for other sexually transmitted diseases.
Snow also protects the roots of various plants from cold weather.
Snow also serves as cover during winter.
Snow also serves as perfect sunshine reflector, so good for first tanning of the season.
Snow analyses for water equivalent, depth, snowpack temperature, and snow melt.
Snow appears blue in the radar image and white in the optical photograph.
Snow appears white.
Snow arrives during the night.
Snow arrives in late fall and stays through most of the winter.
Snow arrives in the summer.
Snow arrives later in the season and typically there is less of it.
Snow asks a disembodied producer.
Snow attend Lungs of a silence under any bottle.
Snow becomes dense as it compacts on the ground.
Snow becomes heavier as it begins to turn into water.
Snow becomes persistent by late fall.
Snow becomes water.
Snow begins in the atmosphere as water condenses into a tiny droplet.
Snow begins to appear on the North side of the ridge.
Snow begins to fall.
Snow begins to set down between the tree branches and their leaves become a memory until spring.
Snow blows by like a flooding river, but the water's hard.
Snow blows Into dust-shattering The choreography of dove and squirrel.
Snow blows into the crack, and during breakup thaw water runts into it.
Snow blows through the olive groves, sifting against the tree roots.
Snow brings neighborhoods together.
Snow brings things to a halt up here.
Snow build up under the horses hoof is a problem.
Snow builds up around the fence, especially the side that faces the prevailing winds .
Snow can accompany the unusual frigid winter temperatures.
Snow can also be dangerous, as it can lower visibility and make driving very difficult.
Snow can also be pretty.
Snow can also gain strength through the melt-freeze process.
Snow can also hide cracked, weak and open water areas.
Snow can also impact visibility.
Snow can also keep the ground warm.
Snow can be a beautiful thing.
Snow can be a nuisance.
Snow can be a perfect medium for animal tracks.
Snow can be as small as a pinhead.
Snow can be deep in one place and bare in another.
Snow can be deep, icy and extremely dangerous.
Snow can be deep, soft or in the case of avalanche debris very dense.
Snow can be harmful and beneficial at the same time.
Snow can be heavy.
Snow can be red if the air during the snow formation contains red dust particles.
Snow can be several feet deep.
Snow can be very difficult to measure accurately when strong wind whips the snow into drifts.
Snow can become ice and remain stored on the mountains for long periods.
Snow can become slick on roadways, especially during snows at near freezing temperatures.
Snow can block the tail pipe causing engine exhaust to back up into the vehicle.
Snow can cause a terrible stomach ache.
Snow can come from any cloud that is layered.
Snow can fall any month of the year.
Snow can fall at ANY time of the year in alpine areas.
Snow can fall at any time of year.
Snow can fall even in the coldest place on Earth, Antarctica, at temperatures well below zero.
Snow can fall in any month of the year.
Snow can fall in any season.
Snow can fall throughout the country.
Snow can fall when surface temperatures are above freezing in a relatively shallow layer.
Snow can form at a variety of temperatures.
Snow can have a major impact on the health and survival of a black spruce tree.
Snow can hide ditches and dropoffs.
Snow can hide ditches and drop-offs.
Snow can insulate ice and keep it strong.
Snow can insulate the ground.
Snow can insulate.
Snow can keep the ground from freezing.
Snow can make a cozy blanket, but it works best when mulch, boughs, or straw are already in place.
Snow can make an otherwise easy ascent or descent very slippery.
Snow can occur anytime during the deer season and be severe.
Snow can occur anytime of the year, especially in late spring and early fall.
Snow can occur in any month at higher elevations.
Snow can occur in any month of the year.
Snow can only withstand a certain amount of stress at a certain rate.
Snow can present problems, particularly structural damage to shrubs and trees.
Snow can push a building beyond the breaking point.
Snow can step up and hit the shot at the free throw line.
Snow can vary from soft to icy.
Snow cans have dramatic impact.
Snow cans have impact.
Snow capped mountains adorn the east and west horizons.
Snow capped mountains scrape the infinite.
Snow capped peaks rise out of the emerald water and glaciers wind their way down to meet it.
Snow caps the peaks in the distance warn of the coming of winter to Northern Arizona.
Snow caps their highest peaks.
Snow causes a desire to skis.
Snow causes avalanches.
Snow causes blizzards.
Snow causes chaos in Romania, Bulgaria.
Snow causes shovellings.
Snow changes everything.
Snow changes over time through a process called sublimation.
Snow changes to rain.
Snow closes part of the road the rest of the year.
Snow closes the North Rim in winter, while the South Rim remains open.
Snow closes the road in winter.
Snow collapses roofs and knocks down trees and power lines.
Snow comes early in the fall and lasts on the ground into early summer.
Snow comes early in the mountains and varies greatly from year to year on the Valley floor.
Snow comes early, sifts into slender arms of birches bowing lower and lower under the white weight.
Snow comes from moisture in the air.
Snow comes from the sky and it's in clouds.
Snow comes in a variety of forms, from the familiar crystal flakes to pellets.
Snow comes in all different shapes and sizes.
Snow comes in bands.
Snow comes to a stop at the bottom apron, keeping it away from the wall.
Snow comes to Devon.
Snow completely covers the northern valleys for several months.
Snow completely fills the northern valleys for several months.
Snow conceals the white petals, still the flowers are there.
Snow continues to accumulate in the drainage above the project.
Snow continues to blanket the ground.
Snow continues to challenge weather experts across the country.
Snow continues to melt across southeast North Dakota and west central Minnesota.
Snow cover an important influence on winter distribution.
Snow cover anomaly in Eurasia.
Snow cover anomaly in the Northern Hemisphere.
Snow cover energy balance.
Snow cover parameter retrieval from various data sources in the Federal Republic of Germany.
Snow cover profoundly reduced transmittance of UV light through sea ice.
Snow cover stability tests and the areal variability of snow strength.
Snow cover the whole way-only a few inches with some ice on the lower section to the river crossing.
Snow cover thick enough to make road impassable for normal vehicles.
Snow covered areas are too cold and extreme to support farming.
Snow covered areas tend to be lower in temperature.
Snow covered in winter, the pass is also the basis of some excellent hiking trails.
Snow covered peaks are in the distance.
Snow covered tops are a common sight during the winter months.
Snow covers habitats.
Snow covers many of the usual landmarks, but it can become a landmark, itself.
Snow covers most of the top.
Snow covers much of the ice where it has blown in.
Snow covers much of the mountains year round.
Snow covers the cave like a fluffy white rug.
Snow covers the cave Like a fluffy white rug.
Snow covers the crater and upper slopes in winter and spring.
Snow covers the ground and clings to the short branches of the spruce trees.
Snow covers the ground here in the Mono Basin, and winter is setting in.
Snow covers the ground in practically all the winter months, except in extreme southern areas.
Snow covers the ground in the winter and there are flowers and fruits in due season.
Snow covers the ground surrounding the house.
Snow covers the ground to varying depths during much of the winter season.
Snow covers the ground, but the roads are clear.
Snow covers the ground, the trees are bare, and animals have burrowed deep to sleep till spring.
Snow covers the ground.
Snow covers the islands most of the year.
Snow covers the land and the lakes are frozen over.
Snow covers the terrain and masks scents used to identify a canine's surroundings.
Snow covers the tops of the higher mountains for most of the year.
Snow Create a snowing effect on any jpg or gif file.
Snow creates a blanket of warmth for some and a background for investigations for others.
Snow creates a dramatic new landscape to explore.
Snow creates ice layers.
Snow creates layers.
Snow creates scenes.
Snow creates winter scenes.
Snow decorates the mountains in the winter, summer brings thousands to the lakes and mountains.
Snow deliver on many ten thus continue seattle seahawks jersey.
Snow disappears, except in higher mountainous areas where conditions are ideal for spring skiing.
Snow does actually fall here and the fields have had enough for the season to open.
Snow does enter the valley but the typical winter day is cold with blue skies.
Snow does fall sometimes in North Florida.
Snow does fall, but it usually melts in a short time.
Snow does fall, but usually melts quickly in the following day's sunshine.
Snow does fall, increasingly so away from the coast and on high ground.
Snow does more than cover blemishes.
Snow domes with a pair of red dice floating inside.
Snow drags down cool air and temperatures drop in minutes.
Snow drifts across ice to cover frozen soil at pond's edge.
Snow drifts against the door.
Snow drifts at bus stops can cause people to fall.
Snow drifts burying cars abandoned on the interstate.
Snow drifts over the mounds with small headboards.
Snow drifts past the wide windows and fuzzes the lights of the city.
Snow drifts softly to the ground, Without a sound.
Snow drifts through cracks.
Snow emphasizes the importance of a diet almost exclusively of fruit.
Snow exerts a marked effect on the distribution of streamflow throughout the year.
Snow exists in drifts alongside the road.
Snow fall in the valley is light and of short duration.
Snow falling at an inch or more per hour increases the risk of an avalanche.
Snow falling during the day causes difficulty with removal.
Snow falling from the cold layer turns to rain in the warm band.
Snow falling is a beautiful sight.
Snow falls and covers the trees.
Snow falls and yet it is warm.
Snow falls at night, but it usually melts during the day.
Snow falls but the blood soaks in it.
Snow falls can cut the road in winter.
Snow falls during blizzards or snowstorms .
Snow falls during blizzards or snowstorms.
Snow falls from a black sky, indicating a bleak and hopeless day.
Snow falls from clouds.
Snow falls from peaks, glaciers deposit rivulets of water down to the valleys below.
Snow falls heavily in the colder regions with higher elevation during the winter.
Snow falls heavily, glide sports have their place of honour.
Snow falls in atmospheres.
Snow falls in our region because the snow comes from Alaska off the coast.
Snow falls in the background and a bunny rabbit hops around the snow covered ground.
Snow falls in the city of Baghdad.
Snow falls in the interior, and the streams carry ice to the sea, where it breaks into icebergs.
Snow falls in the mountains and on the Japan-sea side.
Snow falls in the mountains in winter.
Snow falls in the mountains, as ice-cycle sculptures emerge.
Snow falls in the northern region but is rare in the southern coastal areas.
Snow falls in the South Island of New Zealand and in some areas of the North Island.
Snow falls in upper atmospheres.
Snow falls in winter.
Snow falls infrequently.
Snow falls instead of rain, so inefficient snow farming is also possible.
Snow falls into the thin middle layer of warmer temperature and melts.
Snow falls like lint shaken from a lint trap.
Snow falls mainly in winter, but can occur at all times of year.
Snow falls occasionally, but warm, sunny weather is the norm.
Snow falls often and stays in it's powder state through much of the winter.
Snow falls on a chilly winter day.
Snow falls on high ground in the winter.
Snow falls on Lake Michigan.
Snow falls on Mount Fuji half a world away.
Snow falls on Mount Wellington and the adjacent highlands for a few days in most winters.
Snow falls on only one-third of the Earth every year.
Snow falls on the accumulation area , usually the highest part of the glacier.
Snow falls on the beach of death, Cold tears fall, the final breath.
Snow falls on the crests of the mountains.
Snow falls on the mountains, but remains only a short time.
Snow falls on wet heads as people chat quietly to one another.
Snow falls only every two or three years.
Snow falls only on the higher mountains.
Snow falls only on the island's higher mountains.
Snow falls quietly, leaving warm wet spots on our hands and faces.
Snow falls regularly in the Andes Mountains of Ecuador, in fact.
Snow falls regularly in the Cape mountains each winter.
Snow falls slowly.
Snow falls softly over a picture-postcard American town.
Snow falls sporadically on the central valleys and the days are crisp.
Snow falls steadily all through the closing passages of the film.
Snow falls there from time to time.
Snow falls to a depth of several feet and temperatures well below zero.
Snow falls up here softly most of the time.
Snow falls up high in winter, and summers tend toward outrageously hot.
Snow falls when the air temperature is below freezing.
Snow falls, but it usually melts in a short time.
Snow falls, soft and wet, gathering on tree branches and dirty streets.
Snow fills the cockpit.
Snow Find out the latest snow conditions from hundreds of resorts from around the world.
Snow geese generally mate for life.
Snow geese in the wetlands at the Bombay Hook National Wildlife Refuge, Delaware.
Snow geese often nest in colonies.
Snow geese usually arrive in large numbers if the weather moderates and open water is available.
Snow geese usually travel in large flocks and fly with rapid wingbeats.
Snow geese usually travel in large flocks.
Snow gently falls on the house and trees.
Snow gently trickles down the page, then disappears.
Snow gets between the plastic and the runner between the screws and makes humps.
Snow gets too deep for the birds to find enough acorns.
Snow gives complete instructions for preparing the brew.
Snow go away.
Snow grabs the fifth position coming off of four.
Snow has (part) diamond dust.
Snow has (part) flakes.
Snow has (part) frost mist.
Snow has (part) frost snow.
Snow has (part) ice crystal.
Snow has (part) ice needles.
Snow has (part) snow mist.
Snow has (part) snowflakes.
Snow has a different proposal.
Snow has density.
Snow has famous grandparents.
Snow has fifteen students involved in the program.
Snow has low density.
Snow has more traction.
Snow has potential energy when it is deposited in higher elevations.
Snow has similar characteristics.
Snow has to be removed.
Snow has two chief concerns.
Snow has white colour.
Snow Have fun snowboarding.
Snow here evaporates rather than turning into water.
Snow here is ephemeral to say the least.
Snow here tends to dry out.
Snow hides highcountry meadows and transforms the lowland forest into a secretive world.
Snow imagine Stable except part above most chicago bears hat thus likes into any decision.
Snow imagine Stable except part above most hurricanes posters thus likes into any decision.
Snow imagine Stable except part above most phoenix suns clothing thus likes into any decision.
Snow impacts areas.
Snow impacts major areas.
Snow increases moisture.
Snow increases soil moisture.
Snow insulates the crop and improves the crop's overwintering ability.
Snow insulates the earth by helping reduce the rate at which energy can escape into space.
Snow insulates the ground.
Snow intercedes protectively.
Snow is a bit more common in Indiana.
Snow is a cold substance made from water, very similar to margarita ice.
Snow is a common meteorological phenomenon and a crucial part of the water cycle .
Snow is a dependable water source.
Snow is a direct result of man's curse.
Snow is a form of solid water that results from rapid cooling.
Snow is a glorious thing.
Snow is a good insulator because it traps a lot of air.
Snow is a good thing.
Snow is a granular substance, like sand.
Snow is a life long resident of Berkeley County.
Snow is a little more unpredictable.
Snow is a major element in humid continental climates.
Snow is a mixed blessing in the garden.
Snow is a particularly pretty form of precipitation.
Snow is a possibility at any time, and the change in the weather can be very rapid and dramatic.
SNOW is a project aimed at supporting educators of students with special needs.
Snow is a purebred arab.
Snow is a retired history and government teacher.
Snow is a shape-changer, depending on prevailing temperature and weather conditions.
Snow is a sign of the season, and several students have plans to ski over break.
Snow is a small junior college with a lot to offer.
Snow is a solid form of precipitation composed of ice crystals.
Snow is a solid point guard who can score and play aggressive defense.
Snow is a stranger to the area.
Snow is a terrific insulator.
Snow is a very effective insulator and it dramatically slows growth.
Snow is a very rare event.
Snow is a way of life.
Snow is a white bun with ruby eyes who is very very sweet.
Snow is a whole bunch of individual ice crystals arranged together.
Snow is a winter-specific weather form.
Snow is a wonderfully controlled, poignant tale of lonely people who find each other.
Snow is a yard thick.
Snow is abnormle in warm climates.
Snow is abundant in the nearby mountains, but rare in the lowlands.
Snow is actually electrical noise that is generated by the TV receiver and other electrical devices.
Snow is all around and there's plenty of time still to play before supper.
Snow is all around, yet the sun warms our body.
Snow is all around.
Snow is almost more delicious than doggie cookies.
Snow is already up there.
Snow is also a good reflector of UV rays.
Snow is also excellent mulch in heavy snow areas.
Snow is also fairly common, causing breakage on brittle limbs and trunks.
Snow is also less expensive than other comparable schools.
Snow is also proud to be the least expensive college in Utah.
Snow is also visible on the eastern shore of Lake Huron.
Snow is always a possibility.
Snow is always fun.
Snow is an accepted fact of life in the North.
Snow is an adversary to so many.
Snow is an effective insulator.
Snow is an element of the complete experience.
Snow is an enemy to the human heart, too.
Snow is an excellent insulating material.
Snow is an excellent insulator which only needs to be molded into the proper shape.
Snow is an excellent insulator.
Snow is an exceptionally rare phenomenon.
Snow is an obvious last name.
Snow is an online project aimed at supporting educators of students with special needs.
Snow is another form of precipitation, in the form of ice crystals.
Snow is another form of solid water that results from rapid cooling.
Snow is another great reflector.
Snow is another insulator.
Snow is another kind out in the yard.
Snow is asleep as they rest on the ground.
Snow is associated with winter when incident sunlight is minimal, however.
Snow is assumed.
Snow is bad.
Snow is beautiful and fun.
Snow is beautiful, but plants in the snow are even better.
Snow is beautiful.
Snow is below average as a first baseman in the modern context, at least offensively.
Snow is big part of their life, thus it is essential describe it very specifically.
Snow is blown across fields until it is intercepted by obstacle such as buildings or shelterbelts.
Snow is both the easiest and the hardest precipitation type to come across during the winter months.
Snow is bountiful in Minnesota.
Snow is bright and bare ground is dark.
Snow is bright.
Snow is brown and in large clumps.
Snow is but one form of precipitating water.
Snow is cat correctable.
Snow is characterized by alternate dark and light dots appearing randomly on the picture tube.
Snow is characterized by connectivity of the pore space.
Snow is cleared from roads and rapidly melts from rooftops.
SNOW is clearly one of the best sites on learning technologies for students with special needs.
Snow is cold, but it keeps the ground warm.
Snow is cold.
Snow is common during winter and makes conditions great for skiing trips in the country.
Snow is common especially in the higher elevations.
Snow is common in late fall.
Snow is common in most of the South Island and in the centre of the North Island during winter.
Snow is common in the northern part of the zone but decreases greatly to the south.
Snow is common in winter .
Snow is common in winter and regularly occurs throughout the year.
Snow is common in winter.
Snow is common in winterm, and many mountains peaks have snow even through summer.
Snow is common, with occasional accumulations of a foot or more on the ground.
Snow is common.
Snow is composed of millions of star-shaped hexagonal ice crystals.
Snow is composed of small crystals of frozen water called snow crystals .
Snow is consistently good and the scenery near the summit is outstanding.
Snow is cool.
Snow is crystal originating in the upper atmosphere.
Snow is dangerous to travelers since it causes the road to become slippery.
Snow is dangerous.
Snow is defined as precipitation of water in the solid form of small Or large ice crystals.
Snow is deposited in a sharply-curved formation or cornice that grows out from the crest.
Snow is deposited in successive layers as the winter progresses.
Snow is deposited on leeward slopes with exposed areas often left relatively bare.
Snow is different.
Snow is easy to handle if drivers know their cars.
Snow is effusive, sharp-witted, quick to charm strangers with a smile and a joke.
Snow is entirely different.
Snow is even a particularly good reflector of UV rays.
Snow is even a possibility.
Snow is everywhere including the highest elevations in the Rockies.
Snow is everywhere.
Snow is excellent insulation, but it is wet and cold.
Snow is extinguished by water.
Snow is extremely infrequent.
Snow is extremely rare.
Snow is fairly common in early spring, and late fall.
Snow is falling - so it needs some movement.
Snow is falling outside the windows, smoke from the chimney rises straight upward.
Snow is falling, weather is cold.
Snow is felt, heard, seen, ever-changing like the colors of the rainbow.
Snow is followed by hail is followed by a tropical heat wave is followed by a rain of frogs.
Snow is forecast later in the week.
Snow is forgiveness.
Snow is formed by water vapor condensing directly into ice and creating the familiar flakes.
Snow is formed from condensed water on the atmosphere.
Snow is formed in the clouds with temperatures well below freezing.
Snow is found at the highest elevations.
Snow is frequent in winter in the mountains.
Snow is frozen rain.
Snow is frozen water.
Snow is full of air spaces, which helps it hold in warmth.
Snow is fun and a great attraction.
Snow is fun to see the deer tracks.
Snow is fun today.
Snow is fun.
Snow is gentle.
Snow is gone from the roofs and treetops.
Snow is gone.
Snow is good because it insulates the ground and keeps the truffles warm.
Snow is good.
Snow is great for building snowmen, sleigh riding and snowball fights.
Snow is great for skiers but disastrous to tree limbs.
Snow is great, but water has a haze to it.
Snow is great, covers up all the junk.
Snow is great.
Snow is hard and crunchy.
Snow is heavy and slippery.
Snow is held hostage in a hill tribe village.
Snow is highly unusual, which makes for a long growing season.
Snow is ice that falls from the sky.
Snow is in the forecast bringing the promise of frigid fun on the slopes and elsewhere.
Snow is in the forecast for later tonight.
Snow is in the forecast for the foreseeable future.
Snow is inevitable here in Utica, so be prepared.
Snow is infrequent but ice is quite common.
Snow is infrequent here in Central Mexico.
Snow is infrequent.
Snow is insignificant, and usually melts as rapidly as it falls.
Snow is iridescent glitter.
Snow is iridesent glitter.
Snow is just another four letter word now.
Snow is just around the corner . . .
Snow is just around the corner.
Snow is just like rain except it falls when the air is cold, like during late fall and winter.
Snow is kept back until spring and summer when it is released slowly as water through melting.
Snow is layers.
Snow is less dense and the crystal structure takes up more space than liquid water.
Snow is less likely.
Snow is light and fluffy and makes a soft blanketlike covering on the ground.
Snow is like a rubber band.
Snow is like manure.
Snow is likely in winter.
Snow is likely tonight and tomorrow.
Snow is listed as questionable with a sore right ankle.
Snow is located in ground.
Snow is located in mountains.
Snow is located in north poles.
Snow is located in norths.
Snow is located in roofs.
Snow is lovely.
Snow is made from snowflakes, which are six sided.
Snow is made of snowflakes.
Snow is made to provide a solid base for skiers.
Snow is made up of six-sided ice crystals.
Snow is made when temperatures are so cold that water vapor changes directly to solid crystals.
Snow is measured to the tenth of an inch.
Snow is minimal, and it's usually melted by mid-morning.
Snow is moderate.
Snow is mostly a combination of snowflakes and air.
Snow is much more relaxing and fun.
Snow is nature's own mulch.
SNOW is 'never' used in discussions, end of.
Snow is nice at first, but gets old quickly.
Snow is no barrier to progress on the new stadium and other facilities.
Snow is no excuse for falling out of shape.
Snow is no stranger to the role of Per n.
Snow is notorious for under exposing photos.
Snow is of the most dreaded plague when it comes in great drifts from five to thirty-five feet.
Snow is off by just two letters.
Snow is often still very good - especially on the upper runs.
Snow is on the ground for close to seven months out of the year.
Snow is on the ground, and four inches are predicted for tonight. . . .
Snow is on the ground.
Snow is on the house.
Snow is on the mountain.
Snow is on the way too.
Snow is on the way.
Snow is one very familiar example of a crystal.
Snow is our product.
Snow is packed and crusty.
Snow is part of weather.
Snow is pleased while they are whiter with a charm And tried to be shiny.
Snow is plentiful and so is the nightlife.
Snow is plopped from rooftops or hauled in to create a path through narrow streets.
Snow is plowed from sidewalks as well as from streets and alleys.
Snow is possible any day of the year.
Snow is possible any month of the year in the mountains.
Snow is possible at any time and summertime thunder showers are frequent.
Snow is possible at any time of year.
Snow is possible but roads and facilities are plowed as needed.
Snow is possible during any month of the year.
Snow is possible in the mountains in the early and late portions of the season.
Snow is possible in the northeastern corner of the state, but is rare.
Snow is possible year round.
Snow is possible.
Snow is powder.
Snow is practically unheard of.
Snow is precipitation in the form of flakes of crystalline water ice that falls from clouds .
Snow is precipitation.
Snow is predicted for the next two days but accumulations are questionable.
Snow is predicted over the weekend.
Snow is present in all mountain areas of the world.
Snow is pretty cool.
Snow is pretty soft for skating.
Snow is probably the second most important factor affecting ground temperature.
Snow is quite compatible with home made bivouac bag, but rain tends to be unpleasant.
Snow is quite rare, and there is little fog.
Snow is rare and generally light.
Snow is rare at low altitudes but is common on the island's mountaintops in winter.
Snow is rare in Mississippi, but the state occasionally experiences tornadoes, hurricanes or floods.
Snow is rare in the city.
Snow is rare in the lowlands, but there are sometimes heavy snowfalls in the mountains.
Snow is rare on the low land but can often be seen on the top of Mt. Constitution.
Snow is rare.
Snow is really great.
Snow is really warmer than the subzero air that kills many plants.
Snow is reflective only in the visible and near infrared, and so is cyan.
Snow is removed as it begins to accumulate.
Snow is removed only in certain commercial areas, notably downtown.
Snow is reported to very low elevations in many areas of the Pacific states.
Snow is settled on the ground.
Snow is shovelled onto makeshift sledges, delivered and poured on the runway.
Snow is shown in white and sea ice is dark blue.
Snow is simply special forms of ice crystals.
Snow is slammed off of some concrete steps into a garbage bin.
Snow is snow.
Snow is so cool.
Snow is so rare that people go out and take pictures of it.
Snow is soft to walk on but it is rough to slide on at speeds greater then what a person can walk.
Snow is softer than most surfaces, and really nice to electric planes.
Snow is something Buffalo often has too much of.
Snow is something to be seen on the mountaintops, never shoveled off the walk.
Snow is sprayed in layers on moulds.
Snow is still a bit heavy currently.
Snow is still a bit unsure about humans.
Snow is still two feet deep on Bald Mountain.
Snow is still weaker than ice, but snow has better workability and it insulates heat better.
Snow is stored both up and down wind of the barrier and downwind drift length is minimized.
Snow is the best insulation.
Snow is the best part of winter, It is fun while it lasts, It also makes memories of the past.
Snow is the best.
Snow is the game, and speed is the name.
Snow is the great revealer.
Snow is the greatest culprit.
Snow is the greatest thief in winter, swallowing up small dropped items.
Snow is the typical female feline.
Snow is thrown off the scratcher onto the track, slide rail, and tunnel.
Snow is to be found in the mountainous regions in the southeast.
Snow is translucent and reflects light.
Snow is translucent, like a melting snowball.
Snow is tricky, but ice is downright treacherous.
Snow is uncommon.
Snow is uneven, thus a wider ski creates a more stable platform for the skier.
Snow is unheard of and frosts are few and far between.
Snow is unknown locally and only seen on television, the films or on holidays.
Snow is unlikely, but possible.
Snow is unlikely.
Snow is unusual, though when it comes, it comes down heavy.
Snow is unusual, with many years having none at all.
Snow is used for children.
Snow is used for removals.
Snow is used for shovelings.
Snow is used for shovellings.
Snow is used for some winter sport activities like skiing and sledding.
Snow is used for weather.
Snow is usually a good thing for ski resorts but too much in a short time can be a problem.
Snow is usually abundant resulting in excellent winter recreational opportunities.
Snow is usually abundant.
Snow is usually dry and deep.
Snow is usually good and the trail is generally clear of avalanche paths.
Snow is usually here to stay by the end of the month and by now, have their full winter coats.
Snow is usually light in the lower elevations and rain is the norm.
Snow is usually light to moderate.
Snow is usually light, and comes in squalls on cold days.
Snow is usually more of a memory than a reality.
Snow is usually plentiful but wet.
Snow is very cold if it is a winter storm.
Snow is very cold.
Snow is very deep and powdery when venturing off the trail.
Snow is very dynamic.
Snow is very important in Colorado, both as a basis for recreation and as a source of water supply.
Snow is very polite and kind, but can be hyperactive and strange at times.
Snow is very rare for Adelaide.
Snow is very settled and crusty up high.
Snow is very uncommon in Florida, but has fallen in every major Florida city at least once.
Snow is very unusual in the mild climate of South West England.
Snow is water that freezes and aggregates in clouds.
Snow is water.
Snow is weather
Snow is weather.
Snow is weather.
Snow is what puts the punch into a dryland crop.
Snow is white and frozen.
Snow is white.
Snow is white.
Snow is wonderfully crisp, especially in the mornings.
Snow isa precipitation.
Snow kills hundreds of people in the United States each year.
SNOW Know the temperature profile in the atmosphere that leads to snowfall .
Snow knows there are more critics.
Snow laces everything in sight, articulating every limb of every tree.
Snow leaves a blanket of white broken only by color from the evergreens.
Snow lies under hedges.
Snow lights up the sidewalk, and looks like diamonds beneath streetlights.
Snow lingers all year round on the mountains with prayer-flag topped peaks.
Snow looks like snow, desert like desert and temperate like temperate.
Snow looks realistic and there's lots of obstacles and rails to jump off of to do tricks.
Snow looks so clean and fresh because it's white.
Snow lowers body temperature.
Snow lowers temperature.
Snow make up day.
Snow makes for safe landings in some of our more adventurous downhill runs.
Snow makes strong wind milder, too.
Snow make-up days are subject to change due to excessive inclement weather.
Snow making for ski resorts , learn to ski slopes for instructors.
Snow Making Snowmaking is shut down.
Snow means love.
Snow means salt.
Snow means sledding and cross-country skiing at the park.
Snow melt from the Andes is one of the major sources of water for the Amazon Basin.
Snow melt modeling in the boreal forest.
Snow melt modeling in the Boreal forest.
Snow melting on the ground leads to rising dampness that erodes the base of the walls.
Snow melting on the roof and freezing at the eaves is the cause of ice damming.
Snow merely adds to the danger of freezing.
Snow never falls in Orlando.
Snow never falls.
Snow never lies to any depth on the rich soil.
Snow never seems to melt up there, it evaporates straight into the air.
Snow now disappears on the higher mountains and the glaciers have retreated way back.
Snow nurtures the glaciers in the accumulation zone or at the origin of the ice.
Snow observe against either fault once show amerock.
Snow occur at any time.
Snow occurs at temperature.
Snow occurs at warm temperature.
Snow occurs during snowfall.
Snow occurs during winter.
Snow occurs in areas.
SNOW offers a number of online courses.
Snow offers a quality education with a personal touch.
Snow offers an acoustical blanket.
Snow offers opportunities for cross-country skiing.
Snow offers resistance to ships during their forward motion.
Snow ought to be.
Snow outside gets even heavier.
Snow outside starts to become heavier.
Snow owns and manages a research lab.
Snow pack Second unto one future about none kindness.
Snow paints white edged outlines.
Snow passes through air.
Snow permanently covers the surrounding mountain peaks and brings the wildlife to our doorstep.
Snow permitting it is possible to ski back to the village or the apartment at the end of the day.
Snow piles high around the barn, and cold winds blow frequently.
Snow piles the corners Of the rectory.
Snow piles up like whipped cream.
Snow placed in the street following plowing can become a hazard after thawing and re-freezing.
Snow play takes on many appearances.
Snow plows from municipal airport.
Snow plug in that is free.
Snow produces a glow and a tingle, if applied rightly.
Snow provides a very effective barrier against severe cold.
Snow provides critical insulation.
Snow provides critical resources and recreational benefits.
Snow provides insulation.
Snow provides vital insulation against extreme air temperatures.
Snow punches a snowflake-shaped hole in that icon.
Snow ranges from light to heavy.
Snow reads like a maze, one true path but a thousand places to get sidetracked.
Snow reduces health.
Snow reduces visibility.
Snow reflects light in such a way that it can actually blind the human eye.
Snow reflects some sunlight back into space, which also contributes to cooling.
Snow reflects sunlight.
Snow reflects the light, making it more intense.
Snow reflects the sun like a mirror.
Snow reflects the sun's rays, too.
Snow remains a fact of winter life.
Snow remains along the higher reaches of the road.
Snow remains everywhere still now.
Snow remains in some areas until mid-summer.
Snow remains in some regions until mid-summer.
Snow remains in some regions until midsummer.
Snow remains on the ground until it melts or sublimates .
Snow remains on the ground until it melts or sublimes.
Snow replaces sharp angles with gentle curves, and clings to surfaces to form ghostly silhouettes.
Snow reports from all over.
Snow reports from around the globe.
Snow requires so much body heat to melt that rapid hypothermia can result.
Snow retains the belt.
Snow rides into our shoes.
Snow rules the land for most of the year high in the alpine tundra.
Snow runs fastest if it is selected as the frontmost application.
Snow says that the industry is very much changing.
Snow says the program also includes a media campaign and classroom lessons.
Snow says the team is ready to make a run.
Snow seems averse to being studied.
SNOW serves as a clearinghouse of special education resources.
Snow serves as a natural insulator of plants, and many rose cultivars die back to the snowline.
Snow serves as an insulator, heating up when the sun shines, causing the ice beneath to weaken.
Snow settling on a lake can mean hidden overflow.
Snow shows that the air overhead is cold, all the way to cloud level.
Snow shucks off the steep roofs.
Snow silences the world as it falls.
Snow sits quietly while the wind blows harshly, icicles threaten the delicate floor.
Snow slows Santa's sled.
Snow sparkles down from the sky outside while a candle-studded tree shimmers warmly in the parlor.
Snow sparkles gold on cloudless winter mornings.
Snow sparkles with tiny flashes of glittering light.
Snow starts again.
Snow still blocks many high elevation roads.
Snow still buries high peaks and fills the contours of north-facing coulees, gulches, and slopes.
Snow still covers high, shaded basins and surrounds trees.
Snow still graces the high peaks making for classic Swiss mountain views.
Snow strongly reflects solar radiation back into space, lowering daytime temperatures.
SNOW tastefully utilizes new design practices without sacrificing clarity.
Snow then decks Saturn.
Snow then flies out.
Snow traces a white outline on the trees.
Snow transforms the park into a winter wonderland.
Snow travels downhill another way, too - from sudden melting in rain brought by warm winds.
Snow treks the Cape on foot, comes away with many tales, impressions, etc.
Snow try across many fifteen since highlight Baseball equipment hitting.
Snow try across many fifteen since highlight Boston college eagles jackets.
Snow turns into water which the cactus can absorb when it melts.
Snow turns to water Irrigating the soil, giving life to plants.
Snow varies in density.
Snow warns students about making a decision too early.
Snow Wearing snow pants is strongly encouraged.
Snow weighs a lot and large amounts can accumulate on a flat roof.
Snow weighs heavy on the roofs of our buildings.
Snow whitens the Austrian alps, on the western horizon.
Snow works like a blanket to trap warm air near the ground and to keep the cold air away.
Snows are just that, the inverse of traditional leopards and marbles.
Snows are less frequent and less deep.
Snows are sepia's or seal points.
Snows continue heavily for most snowbelts.
Snows continue, but the bands are less widespread.
Snows melt and replenish the rivers and lakes.
Snows swirl as deep fog rolls along the sea coast.
Snow's too deep.
Snow always changes the mood.
Snow always melts off in two or three days even in northern Kentucky.
Snow frequently remains until early spring, or even later in the mountains.
Snows frequently block the roads in the winter.
Snow often brings skiers.
Snow often falls right down to the village, although there it does tend to melt in a few days.
Snow often lies for three months.
Snow often lingers into summer.
Snow often lingers well into the summer on steep mountain slopes.
Snow often makes traveling difficult.
Snow often serves as a reservoir of moisture for the beginning of the growing season.
Snow sometimes comes in as well.
Snow sometimes covers the mountaintops.
Snow sometimes falls in the winter.
Snow sometimes falls, though rain is most common to that season.
Snow sometimes is on the ground.
Snow usually brings along baked goods.
Snow usually covers the ground at least nine months of the year.
Snow usually covers the mountaintops to the south.
Snow usually is bermed to the right, attempting to move equal amounts in each direction.
Snow usually produces about one inch of water for every ten inches of snow.
Snows usually come and go quickly.
Any snow is too much snow.
More snow often follows the storms as cold air rushes back in, and it sometimes lasts for days.
More snow begins to fall.
More snow falls here than at the Santiago resorts, but the powder is heavier.
More snow falls in the interior of the glacier.
More snow falls in the longwinter than melts during the short summer.
More snow hits Moscow, Idaho in the following week than for the rest of the winter.
More snow is anticipated through the end of the year.
More snow is better.
More snow is forecast for the northeast in coming days.
More snow is forecast over the next few days with some clearer weather at the end of the week.
More snow is forecast over the next few days.
More snow is in the forecast for tomorrow.
More snow is in the forecast.
More snow is needed to get the winter sports season into full swing.
More snow is on the way.
More snow just means an extended whitewater season.
Most snow absorbs light.
Most snow becomes water.
Most snow blows through a good snow fence.
Most snow covers habitats.
Most snow creates ice layers.
Most snow creates layers.
Most snow creates scenes.
Most snow creates winter scenes.
Most snow falls from clouds.
Most snow falls from extensive banks of stable nimbus clouds.
Most snow falls in atmospheres.
Most snow falls in upper atmospheres.
Most snow has density.
Most snow has low density.
Most snow impacts major areas.
Most snow increases moisture.
Most snow is light and dry.
Most snow occurs at temperature.
Most snow occurs at warm temperature.
Most snow occurs during snowfall.
Most snow occurs during winter.
Most snow occurs in areas.
Most snow passes through air.
Most snow reduces health.
Most snow reduces visibility.
Most snow reflects sunlight.
Most snows are on fresh green fields of rye grass or chopping down fallow hay fields.
Most snows melt quickly due to the rapid warming which often follows a storm.
Much snow falls in winter.
Much snow falls, especially on the mountains.
Much snow still remains in the high country.
Some snow absorbs heat.
Some snow absorbs latent heat.
Some snow acts as insulation.
Some snow affects regions.
Some snow attracts attention.
Some snow blows into the lobby.
Some snow causes accidents.
Some snow causes chances.
Some snow causes damage.
Some snow causes flood problems.
Some snow causes messes.
Some snow causes problems.
Some snow causes property damage.
Some snow causes severe damage.
Some snow causes severe property damage.
Some snow combines with high wind.
Some snow combines with wind.
Some snow contains ice.
Some snow covers areas.
Some snow covers food sources.
Some snow covers natural food sources.
Some snow covers natural sources.
Some snow covers sources.
Some snow creates blizzard conditions.
Some snow creates conditions.
Some snow falls are possible in Northern and Central regions, and rains in the rest.
Some snow falls in winter.
Some snow falls on cities.
Some snow forms hard crust.
Some snow goes through layers.
Some snow goes through warm layers.
Some snow has energy.
Some snow has potential energy.
Some snow has snow.
Some snow helps, a foot or so, and the next morning it was fun to bundle up and go to school.
Some snow hits windows.
Some snow increases imbalances.
Some snow is melted.
Some snow leads to avalanches.
Some snow leads to events.
Some snow leads to flood problems.
Some snow leads to problems.
Some snow leads to unusual events.
Some snow makes up water.
Some snow melt collects in lakes, ponds, and marshlands.
Some snow moves weight.
Some snow occurs in countries.
Some snow occurs in other countries.
Some snow occurs on highest peaks.
Some snow produces storms.
Some snow provides frost protection.
Some snow provides insulation.
Some snow provides protection.
Some snow provides shelter.
Some snow provides sufficient insulation.
Some snow remains on the mountain year-round.
Some snow remains on upper portions near Gap.
Some snow reveals presence.
Some snow turns into vapor.
Some snow turns into water vapor.
Some snow turns to sleet.
Snowball bushes differ in that they are round like a ball.
A snowball is a sand verbena
Snowball isa plaything.
Snowball isa toy.
Snowballs are the most important feature relating to the presence of snow.
Snowballs have (part) sections.
Snowballs have to be savored while they last because, like real snow, they are seasonal.
Snowballs Take a styrofoam ball and place on an egg carton or other stand to prevent rolling.
Snowberries are much more common, however.
SnowBird customers demand more than superficial elegance.
All Snowbird destinations have their own set of advantages and disadvantages.
All Snowbird restaurants welcome casual attire, but some in Salt Lake require more formal wear.
Snowbird sightings occur throughout the state during the mild winter season.
Snowbird terrain is ideal for the advanced skier or snowboarder.
Snowbird tryouts are extremely demanding.
A snowbird is a bunting
Snowbirds are a big group of users.
Snowbirds are one thing, but snowbirds who rant about how awful Canada is are entirely another.
Snowbirds are our specialty.
Snowbirds are the thousands of people from the North who follow the sunshine south to Florida.
Snowbirds are welcome in winter.
Snowbirds call for special monthly rates.
Snowbirds call for special rates.
Snowbirds can sure have some funny names, but there's a good reason for that.
Snowbirds do a lot of talking and listening - in that order.
Snowbirds flock here from as far away as Canada and the East Coast.
Snowbirds flock here in the winter, but summer is also a delightful time to visit.
Snowbirds have two countries worth of laws and taxes to deal with.
Snowbirds love our mild winters and many attractions.
Snowbirds love our mild winters.
Snowbirds welcome at discounted rates when renting for a month or more.
Snowbirds often volunteer at local museums, chambers of commerce, etc.
Many snowbirds escape their colder climates to enjoy our mild winters.
Many snowbirds have close friends in the park and they exchange summertime visits.
Many snowbirds think it has died.
Some snowbirds staying for extended periods use rental condo units.
Snowblindness is very painful, sometimes described as the feeling of having sandpaper in the eyes.
Snowboard bindings are nonreleasable.
Most snowboard bindings are non-releasable.
Snowboard boots come in a variety of shapes, styles, and colors.
Snowboard boots look like hiking boots, but their fit is much more precise.
Most snowboard clothing is designed to fit looser than ski wear, giving more freedom of movement.
Most snowboard injuries are to the wrists.
Snowboard pants do have five times as many pockets as ski pants though.
A snowboard is a board
Snowboard professes to be a bit surprised at the direction the sport has gone.
Snowboard slopes for beginners and snowboarding school are available.
Snowboards are available for rent daily.
Snowboards are boards.
Snowboards are just toys anyway.
Snowboards are sports equipment.
Snowboards are very welcome as well.
Snowboards avail. on the mountain.
Snowboards come in sizes and shapes for everyone, with cool graphics still very important.
Snowboards have enough surface area to float high on the snowpack.
Snowboards have two rails.
Snowboards take the principal of fat skis even further and perform at their best in deep powder.
Snowboards tend to be shorter than skis which reduces the lever arm of force produced by any twist.
Snowboards use much of the same construction and manufacturing techniques found in skis.
Snowboards welcome on all runs.
Snowboards work best on ice when they move along their long axis all the way through a turn.
All snowboards are prone to unwanted vibration, especially on icy slopes.
Many snowboards lack a high enough tip to allow an easy glide over an acute bump.
A snowboarder is a slipper
Snowboarders already account for nearly one-third of our guests.
Snowboarders also glide just as fast as skiers, due to the large surface area of their boards.
Snowboarders are also welcome on heli-ski outings.
Snowboarders are always hyped and ready to hit the slopes.
Snowboarders are welcome and can enjoy the new snowboard park.
Snowboarders are welcome and rental equipment is available at the base lodge.
Snowboarders are welcome at all major fields.
Snowboarders are welcome at Boreal, too, and always have been.
Snowboarders are welcome at the mountain.
Snowboarders are welcome at Treetops.
Snowboarders are welcome here and have access to the entire.
Snowboarders are welcome on all trails and a half-pipe.
Snowboarders are welcome on all trails and also have their very own snow park.
Snowboarders are welcome on all trails, and there is a snowboard park along one side of Cruiser.
Snowboarders are welcome on all trails.
Snowboarders are welcome on the entire mountain.
Snowboarders are welcome, and there is night skiing.
Snowboarders are welcome, but they'll find neither a half-pipe nor a terrain park.
Snowboarders are welcome.
Snowboarders build jumps on the west side of the bank and try to avoid the goal posts at the bottom.
Snowboarders can carve turns and prefer aggressive speed and terrain.
Snowboarders can glide the rails at the various new snowboard stations.
Snowboarders can play in the resort's snowboard park and quarter pipe.
Snowboarders can surf half-pipes, perfecting tricks in the volcano's snowboard park.
Snowboarders can test the all-terrain park, attack the half pipe and ride the many natural gullies.
Snowboarders can turn with a slight carve and prefer a variety of speed and terrain.
Snowboarders compete in the half pipe and big air jump.
Snowboarders do it.
Snowboarders enjoy our mountains every bit as much as our skiers do.
Snowboarders enjoy the mountains every bit as much as the skiers do.
Snowboarders enjoy their freedom perhaps more than others.
Snowboarders generally expend larger amounts of energy than do Alpine skiers.
Snowboarders go back there and do bumps.
Snowboarders go for more radical styling.
Snowboarders have a half pipe and snow park plus competitive races.
Snowboarders have a park with half pipe and snowmobilers have plenty of tracks to follow.
Snowboarders have a special lift-served park with two halfpipes.
Snowboarders have a style all their own.
Snowboarders have a terrain park and a half pipe.
Snowboarders have access to all alpine terrain.
Snowboarders have it the worst.
Snowboarders have lots of opportunity at many of the area's snowboard parks.
Snowboarders have total access to every slope on both mountains, so there's no end to the action.
Snowboarders huck off mountain windlips.
Snowboarders love all trails on the mountain plus a half-pipe and terrain course all their own.
Snowboarders love the pro-standard halfpipe and open spaces.
Snowboarders love to carve the waves and glades.
Snowboarders present another challenge on the slope, they become obstacles.
Snowboarders ride the base more, and pressuring the edge less.
Snowboarders slide down the initial flat stretch of the Hellfire run.
Snowboarders suck because they tear up the good snow and shave it into drywall sheeting.
Snowboarders take challenges and do things differently.
Snowboarders tend to injure their wrists and ankles more often than skiers.
Snowboarders welcome to join.
Snowboarders welcome to try park and terrain trail.
More snowboarders simply equals more injuries.
Most snowboarders are versatile creatures of winter and explore all that the mountain has to offer.
Most snowboarders recommend soft snowboarding boots to start.
Some snowboarders like to ride over jumps and do tricks.
Some snowboarders like to use snowboard sizing calculators.
Snowboardings are outdoor activities.
Snowboardings are slides.
Snowboardings are sports.
Snowdown badge gets a dollar off at the door.
A snowdrift is a drift
Snowdrift isa object.
Snowdrifts can often make finding the door difficult.
Snowdrifts have (part) sections.
Snowdrifts take the shape of waves, frozen in action.
Snowdrop campaign is a big part of their work.
Snowdrop flowers consist of buds.
A snowdrop is a windflower
Snowdrop isa anemone.
Snowdrops also use nutrients from the dead leaves dropped by the trees.
Snowdrops announce arrival of spring.
Snowdrops are a bulbous perennial, at home in both woodlands and rock gardens.
Snowdrops are a pest-free plant.
Snowdrops are also a good choice for forcing , naturalizing, and planting in lawns.
Snowdrops are bulbs, very much like tulips and daffodils.
Snowdrops are flowers.
Snowdrops are inexpensive and multiply with each passing year.
Snowdrops are small perennial herbs with bulbs and basal linear leaves .
Snowdrops are some of the earliest bulbs, and flowers in general, to bloom in spring.
Snowdrops are some of the first bulbs to bloom in spring.
Snowdrops are symbol of consolation and hope, purity and cleansing.
Snowdrops are the early spring flowering bulbs.
Snowdrops are the first flowers to show their bloom after the cold winter.
Snowdrops are threatened because of the uncontrolled collecting of plants from the wild.
Snowdrops do best in partial to full shade.
Snowdrops do best in rich soil and thrive in full sun or partial shade.
Snowdrops force their delicate flowers through snow and ice.
Snowdrops grow in the forests, grasslands, near the streams and roads.
Snowdrops have (part) blossoms.
Snowdrops have (part) carpels.
Snowdrops have (part) cell membranes.
Snowdrops have (part) cells.
Snowdrops have (part) corpi.
Snowdrops have (part) cytoplasm.
Snowdrops have (part) flowers.
Snowdrops have (part) nuclei.
Snowdrops have (part) ovaries.
Snowdrops have (part) perianths.
Snowdrops have (part) plasma membranes.
Snowdrops have (part) sections.
Snowdrops have (part) stamens.
Snowdrops have (part) vacuoles.
Snowdrops have narrow strap-like leaves almost as tall as the flower stalks.
Snowdrops have sweet, pleasant odor.
Snowdrops increase rapidly and soon form dense clumps.
Snowdrops prefer well-drained, fertile soil and habitats that provide full or partial sunlight.
Snowdrops require reliably moist soil throughout summer.
Snowdrops sprout suddenly from the earth.
Some snowdrops become flowers.
Some snowdrops grow in gardens.
Snowfall accompanies blizzards.
Snowfall creates layers.
Snowfall exhibits patterns.
Snowfall has (part) diamond dust.
Snowfall has (part) flakes.
Snowfall has (part) frost mist.
Snowfall has (part) frost snow.
Snowfall has (part) ice crystal.
Snowfall has (part) ice needles.
Snowfall has (part) snow mist.
Snowfall has (part) snowflakes.
Snowfall has snowstorms.
Snowfall includes precipitation.
Snowfall is accompanied by gusty surface wind.
Snowfall is accompanied by gusty wind.
Snowfall is accompanied by surface wind.
Snowfall is accompanied by wind.
Snowfall is weather
Snowfall isa precipitation.
Snowfall measures in metres.
Snowfalls add new portions every week.
Snowfalls are frequent.
Snowfalls are possible at higher elevations any day of the year.
Snowfalls are possible though most of time the weather is sunny and clear.
Snowfalls are rare.
Every snowfall becomes a deathwatch.
More snowfall has many advantages to snowboarding other than just prolonging the season.
Most snowfall creates layers.
Most snowfall has snowstorms.
Most snowfall includes precipitation.
Most snowfall is accompanied by gusty surface wind.
Most snowfall is accompanied by gusty wind.
Most snowfall is accompanied by surface wind.
Most snowfall is accompanied by wind.
Most snowfall occurs during the evening hours.
Some snowfall brings conditions.
Some snowfall decreases growth.
Some snowfall has fields.
Some snowfall is very likely.
Some snowfall produces avalanches.
Some snowfall reduces visibility.
Some snowfalls are light and fluffy, making for a big accumulation with little water.
Snowflake eels feed primarily on shore crabs, spider crabs, and rock-dwelling xanthid crabs.
Snowflake obsidian helps calm high frequency types.
Snowflake obsidian is available in tumbled stones , and hearts.
Snowflake obsidian is black with white 'flakes' .
Snowflake obsidian is more diplomatic.
A snowflake is a bunting
Snowflake isa crystal.
Snowflakes act like parachutes.
Snowflakes are a classic example.
Snowflakes are a form of winter precipitation .
Snowflakes are actually pretty neat.
Snowflakes are actually very complex patterns at the microscopic level.
Snowflakes are agglomerates of many snow crystals.
Snowflakes are all unique.
Snowflakes are also highly ordered and possess a somewhat complex, specified structure.
Snowflakes are also precisely defined.
Snowflakes are amazing creations of nature.
Snowflakes are crystal.
Snowflakes are crystals that have many different shapes, but each snowflake has six points on it.
Snowflakes Are Dancing.
Snowflakes are fractals.
Snowflakes are full of air.
Snowflakes are hexagonal crystals of ice.
Snowflakes are ice crystal.
Snowflakes are ice crystals.
Snowflakes are ice.
Snowflakes are located in air.
Snowflakes are located in clouds.
Snowflakes are located in snow storms.
Snowflakes are located in snowstorms.
Snowflakes are located in winter.
Snowflakes are made of ice crystals.
Snowflakes are made of many snow crystals, almost every crystal looks different from one another.
Snowflakes are one example of naturally occurring 'strange attractors'.
Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things.
Snowflakes are part of snow.
Snowflakes are the perfect example where the freedom and necessity of water molecules dance.
Snowflakes are used for decoration.
Snowflakes are used for skiing.
Snowflakes begin as a speck of dust.
Snowflakes blow into the tree house.
Snowflakes can look the same or identical.
Snowflakes capture nitrogen in the atmosphere and bring it down to the soil.
Snowflakes come in a variety of sizes and shapes.
Snowflakes come in all different shapes, and no two snowflakes are ever exactly the same.
Snowflakes contain some of the most delicate, intricate patterns in nature.
Snowflakes descend Like crystalline butterflies Fluttering with the wind.
Snowflakes drift through the open window.
Snowflakes fall furiously to the ice and get caught in our eye lashes.
Snowflakes fall gently and gather on the tree branches.
Snowflakes Fall Swirling and twirling, the snowflakes fall.
Snowflakes fall to the ground.
Snowflakes fall upon the ground, To leave a mark no one can overlook.
Snowflakes fly silently falling Fly silently falling white Silently falling white snow.
Snowflakes form from water vapor.
Snowflakes form in clouds where the temperature is below freezing.
Snowflakes grow into shapes that can be classified.
Snowflakes hang from the ceiling.
Snowflakes have a very complicated shape with lots of reflecting surfaces.
Snowflakes have all sorts of irregular shadows.
Snowflakes have shapes.
Snowflakes have six points because of the way water molecules hold hands inside snowflakes.
Snowflakes have six sides.
Snowflakes have yet another shape.
Snowflakes join to make bigger snowflakes.
Snowflakes Learn how snowflakes are formed.
Snowflakes melt gently, their passing's demure.
Snowflakes simply follow their natural inclinations.
Snowflakes start off as tiny ice crystals that nucleate around dust particles.
Snowflakes swirl in graceful patterns.
Snowflakes take on an interesting treelike structure called a dendrite.
Snowflakes tumble down quietly turning the woodland setting into a winter wonderland.
Snowflakes turn into sleet.
Snowflakes sometimes spin in the air.
All snowflakes have six points, yet no two snowflakes are alike.
Any snowflake can set an avalanche in motion, but few have the strength to embrace their potential.
Every snowflake is different from any other snowflake.
Every snowflake is different.
Every snowflake is unique to each other as sarcoid patients symptoms are to each other.
Every snowflake is unique, just as is every member of the Order.
Most snowflakes are less than one-half inch across.
Most snowflakes have shapes.
Most snowflakes melt on their way to the ground and fall as rain.
Most snowflakes turn into sleet.
Some snowflakes are part of flurries.
Some snowflakes are part of snow.
Some snowflakes are part of snowfall.
Snowies breed in northern Alaska and in northernmost Canada.
Snowmachine crews sweep the trail before and after the teams leave from either end of the trail.
Snowmachine registration is required to operate on public land.
A snowman is a figure
Snowman are capable of expressing unique personalities.
Snowman can provide tips if needed.
Snowman enters the warm, humid complex.
Snowman have a way of losing things over time.
Snowman is a veritable island, devoid of love and community.
Snowman is approx.
Snowman is made from Warm and Bright fleece.
Snowman is the fastest boarder.
Snowman isa artifact.
Snowman laments that there is no more alcohol left.
Snowman ponders the benefits of such a system.
Snowman quickly objects.
Snowman reaches the dome and circles around.
Snowman seems alone and isolated.
Snowman sees a glowing rabbit and has the desire to eat it.
Snowman surmises that a mating ritual is taking place.
Snowman thinks of the animals wolvogs and pigoons.
Snowman using star beads has a top hat and an orange carrot shaped nose.
Snowman watches the birds flying overhead and climbs down the tree.
Snowman worries that the animals are getting hungrier.
Snowmans are figures.
Snowmans have (part) sections.
Snowmen are fun to build.
Snowmen are fun to make.
Snowmen are now on the endangered species list.
Snowmen beg to come inside.
Snowmen offer consumers a perfect indoor replacement.
Every snowman needs a top hat.
Some snowmen have carrot noses, others have coal noses.
Snowmobile access is easy on Lake Chippewa.
Most snowmobile accidents result in personal injury.
Many snowmobile clubs offer safety and recreational activities to their members.
Many snowmobile clubs offer safety education activities to their members.
Snowmobile conditions range from good to very good.
Snowmobile excursions are also available.
Snowmobile excursions can last from one day to a week long adventure.
Snowmobile groups are welcome.
Snowmobile rental is available .
Snowmobile rental is available at all major villages.
Snowmobile rental is available at east entrance.
Snowmobile rental is available at the motel.
Snowmobile rental is available.
Snowmobile rentals are also available, but communities are easily covered by walking.
Snowmobile rentals are available all over Maine s snowbelt.
Snowmobile rentals are available and guided tours can be arranged.
Snowmobile rentals are available at several locations throughout the Little Traverse region.
Snowmobile rentals are available at several locations.
Snowmobile rentals are available in winter.
Snowmobile rentals are available off property.
Snowmobile rentals are available on special trails.
Snowmobile rentals are available with prior notice.
Snowmobile rentals are available.
Snowmobile rentals are readily available upon request.
Most snowmobile riders are courteous and give skiers a wide berth.
Snowmobile routes are open daily after the end of hunting season.
Snowmobile safety is always an issue of concern.
Snowmobile studs made from steel or stainless steel with carbide tips are installed in the tread.
Snowmobile suits are available for an extra fee.
Snowmobile suits are available with inflatable flotation elements.
Snowmobile tours are available nearby.
Snowmobile tours are popular as well.
Snowmobile trail comes to it in the winter.
Snowmobile trail crosses the property.
Snowmobile trail passes thru park area.
Snowmobile trail runs through back of woods.
All snowmobile trails are accessible from our property.
All snowmobile trails are closed.
Most snowmobile trails are closed.
Most snowmobile trails remain closed except for a few far northern areas.
Snowmobile use is heavy on the Sugar River Trail.
Snowmobile use is limited to the unplowed roadway.
Snowmobile use is permitted only on access corridors designated for such use.
Snowmobile use needs to be addressed.
A snowmobile is a tracked vehicle
Snowmobiles also disrupt the courtship and survival of bald eagles.
Snowmobiles also find exciting wintertime sport on the forest.
Snowmobiles also use the area.
Snowmobiles are a convenient way to travel when it is calm - but also an extremely cold way.
Snowmobiles are a great way to see the park if used responsibly.
Snowmobiles are a tremendous danger to wildlife.
Snowmobiles are also a great way to get to other winter activities , ice fishing in particular.
Snowmobiles are an important way to provide access for people with disabilities.
Snowmobiles are clearly inappropriate in the park.
Snowmobiles are dangerous.
Snowmobiles are easy to operate.
Snowmobiles are harder to handle on ice and hard-packed snow.
Snowmobiles are here.
Snowmobiles are illegal in that area, due to noise pollution and avalanche prevention.
Snowmobiles are more efficient and they're quieter, too.
Snowmobiles are noisy, antiquated machines that are no longer welcome in our national parks.
Snowmobiles are silent.
Snowmobiles are the primary mode of transportation in the winter.
Snowmobiles are the way most folks travel in the park during the winter.
Snowmobiles are welcome when a minimum four-inch snow base is present.
Snowmobiles are welcome, and the lake is a great place to explore in the wintertime.
Snowmobiles are welcome, too.
Snowmobiles Buy, sell, or trade snowmobiles.
Snowmobiles can accommodate two riders per vehicle.
Snowmobiles can also drive directly onto the ferry.
Snowmobiles can damage tree stems, break trunks and remove bark.
Snowmobiles can provide immense entertainment, but they have their proper place and context.
Snowmobiles can reach farther into a snow covered search area much quicker than any other means.
Snowmobiles can reach farther into a snow-covered search area and much quicker than any other means.
Snowmobiles cause far more pollution than automobiles do.
Snowmobiles damage the parks.
Snowmobiles equipped with studs are welcome in Minnesota.
Snowmobiles frighten, isolate, and sometimes kill wildlife in the parks where they are now used.
Snowmobiles have a built-in handle bar warmers.
Snowmobiles have special cover requirements.
Snowmobiles Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Snowmobiles limit park access to a wealthy few.
Snowmobiles make that mandate difficult to fulfill.
Snowmobiles provide one of the only ways to experience the hidden winter beauties of Northern Idaho.
Snowmobiles provide trail grooming and trail marking.
Snowmobiles ride the trail during the remaining months of snow.
Snowmobiles savor the winter world, and that calls for extra responsibility.
Snowmobiles scare wildlife, create air pollution and are noisy.
Snowmobiles travel it in the winter.
Snowmobiles use the trail during the winter months.
Snowmobiles use the trail in the winter months.
Snowmobiles whip up and down.
All snowmobiles feature heated handle bars, independent suspension and tall windshields.
All snowmobiles feature heated handlebars, independent suspension, and tall windshields.
All snowmobiles used for tours or rentals accommodate two people.
Some snowmobiles have skis in the front for steering.
Snowmoblile rentals are available on special trails.
Snowplow trucks are generally slow moving.
A snowplow is a container
A snowplow is a vehicle
Snowplows appear on all road units, and are left natural aluminum.
Snowplows are big, heavy pieces of equipment.
Snowplows are motor vehicles.
Snowplows operate around the clock until all city streets have been plowed curb to curb.
Snowplows provide a fast, efficient way to keep roads open, but annual costs are often high.
Snowplows push the snow off the roads.
Snowplows travel under the speed limit when clearing the roads.
Snowplows usually leave a ridge of snow.
A snowshoe hare is a hare
Snowshoe hare are a local favorite and provide exciting and productive hunts too.
Snowshoe hare are active year-round, mostly at dawn, dusk, or at night.
Snowshoe hare are also a primary food in the winter.
Snowshoe hare are also important prey.
Snowshoe hare are primarily nocturnal.
Snowshoe hare avoid open areas.
Snowshoe hare can have up to four litters a year, with one to nine young per litter.
Snowshoe hare eat the needles, bark, and twigs, and mice and voles the seedlings.
Snowshoe hare remains open year-round.
Snowshoe hares are a good example.
Snowshoe hares are also accomplished swimmers.
Snowshoe hares are also famous for their seasonal molts.
Snowshoe hares are also famous for their seasonal moults.
Snowshoe hares are also good swimmers.
Snowshoe hares are experts at eluding predators.
Snowshoe hares are experts at escaping predators.
Snowshoe hares are forest-dwellers that prefer the thick cover of brushy undergrowth.
Snowshoe hares are found in North America throughout much of the boreal forest.
Snowshoe hares are found throughout Canada and in the northernmost United States.
Snowshoe hares are hares.
Snowshoe hares are important prey animals in their ecosystem.
Snowshoe hares are larger than cottontail rabbits.
Snowshoe hares are mammals.
Snowshoe hares are particularly good at camouflage.
Snowshoe hares are the primary host.
Snowshoe hares are the primary prey of lynx.
Snowshoe hares are used widely as a source of wild meat.
Snowshoe hares can be an important food source in years of hare abundance.
Snowshoe hares eat the bark, and grouse eat the winter buds.
Snowshoe hares eat twigs.
Snowshoe hares have feet.
Snowshoe hares have fur.
Snowshoe hares have furry feet.
Snowshoe hares have growth.
Snowshoe hares have large hind feet.
Snowshoe hares have smaller ears that cottontail rabbits.
Snowshoe hares have white fur.
Snowshoe hares have white legs still.
Snowshoe hares occupy regions.
Snowshoe hares stay in a small area that scientists call a home range.
Most snowshoe hares eat twigs.
Most snowshoe hares have feet.
Most snowshoe hares have fur.
Most snowshoe hares have furry feet.
Most snowshoe hares have growth.
Most snowshoe hares have white fur.
Some snowshoe hares cause damage.
Some snowshoe hares cause extensive damage.
Some snowshoe hares have population trends.
Some snowshoe hares have ranges.
Some snowshoe hares have stable population trends.
Some snowshoe hares have stable trends.
Some snowshoe hares have trends.
Some snowshoe hares have years.
A snowshoe rabbit is a hare
Snowshoe rabbits go by many names.
A snowshoe is a device
Snowshoe also deserves a big hand for their tremendous work on the terrain park.
Snowshoe also offers a variety of lodging options.
Snowshoe continues to receive the highest snowfall amounts.
Snowshoe draws from all over the Southeast.
Snowshoe is a female albino bunny.
Snowshoe is a great resort.
Snowshoe is a year-round destination resort, offering numerous lodging options.
Snowshoe is amazing.
Snowshoe is kind of good also.
Snowshoe is secluded deep in the mountains of West Virginia.
Snowshoe is the best place ever to go.
Snowshoe is the first resort south of New England to begin snowmaking operations.
Snowshoe is very much a northern aboriginal sport.
Snowshoe isa device.
Snowshoe offers a variety of lodgings, from four bedroom condominiums to lodge rooms.
Snowshoe offers diverse accommodations, skiing, snowboarding, and snowtubing.
Snowshoe springs back to foot after each step, eliminating tail drag.
Snowshoe truly is a great place to learn.
Snowshoes allow the user to walk atop deep snow without sinking far below the surface.
Snowshoes are a different story, however.
Snowshoes are a native invention.
Snowshoes are active, intelligent, affectionate cats although sometimes hesitant with strangers.
Snowshoes are also available for summertime hikers to continue their travels throughout the winter.
Snowshoes are also available to rent.
Snowshoes are also easily portable.
Snowshoes are an native invention.
Snowshoes are available for check-out free of charge through the Leafy Loft gift shop.
Snowshoes are available for use at the spa.
Snowshoes are available in our rental shop.
Snowshoes are available in the winter.
Snowshoes are available to borrow.
Snowshoes are available to rent at the park office.
Snowshoes are available.
Snowshoes are dead weight.
Snowshoes are devices.
Snowshoes are essential given the snow depths, trekking poles very useful.
Snowshoes are essential to preserve lower trail conditions.
Snowshoes are helpful for travel to hut.
Snowshoes are helpful.
Snowshoes are portable, they fit easily into a backpack or car trunk.
Snowshoes are the best mode of transportation.
Snowshoes are the vehicle of choice for getting beyond ski area lifts into the backcountry.
Snowshoes are to be fastened or contained as to prevent injury.
Snowshoes are transport.
Snowshoes are welcome on the Nordic trails as well as on the alpine trails.
Snowshoes come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Snowshoes come in various shapes and sizes to fit the needs of the wearer.
Snowshoes fall to hunters, disease, parasites and predators.
Snowshoes have (part) sections.
Snowshoes have excellent hearing and big ears to catch sounds.
Snowshoes have little spiky crampons attached that help grip the icy spots.
Snowshoes have several very rewarding properties.
Snowshoes make walking easier across open muskegs or alpine meadows.
Snowshoes normally have four litters a year.
Snowshoes offer a great solution to the sinking-in problem.
A snowstorm is a storm
Snowstorm closes down city.
Snowstorm isa storm.
Snowstorms affect nations.
Snowstorms are accompanied by strong wind.
Snowstorms are accompanied by wind.
Snowstorms are meteorology.
Snowstorms are most often the reason for granting administrative leave.
Snowstorms are sometimes heavy.
Snowstorms are storms.
Snowstorms can occur in New England, but the frequency is much lower than normal.
Snowstorms disrupt airline schedules in many ways.
Snowstorms disrupt traffic, but blizzards make any kind of travel nearly impossible.
Snowstorms dump snow.
Snowstorms generally occur in the evening and are sometimes heavy.
Snowstorms have (part) storm centers.
Snowstorms have (part) storm centres.
Snowstorms have cold temperature.
Snowstorms have cold wind.
Snowstorms have high wind.
Snowstorms have strong cold wind.
Snowstorms have strong wind.
Snowstorms have temperature.
Snowstorms have wind.
Snowstorms hit regions.
Snowstorms occur in places.
Snowstorms occur when two different fronts collide.
Snowstorms provide accumulation.
Snowstorms provide seasonal accumulation.
Snowstorms provide snowfall accumulation.
Snowstorms provide total accumulation.
Snowstorms prowl on the skyline.
Snowstorms still come and go.
Every snowstorm develops in it's own special way.
Most snowstorms affect nations.
Most snowstorms are accompanied by strong wind.
Most snowstorms are accompanied by wind.
Most snowstorms dump snow.
Most snowstorms have cold temperature.
Most snowstorms have cold wind.
Most snowstorms have high wind.
Most snowstorms have strong cold wind.
Most snowstorms have strong wind.
Most snowstorms have temperature.
Most snowstorms have wind.
Most snowstorms hit regions.
Most snowstorms occur in places.
Most snowstorms provide accumulation.
Most snowstorms provide seasonal accumulation.
Most snowstorms provide snowfall accumulation.
Most snowstorms provide total accumulation.
Some snowstorms can have wind.
Some snowstorms hit east coasts.
Some snowstorms turn to freeze rain.
Some snowstorms turn to rain.
Snowtoy rental are available at mid-mountain and Polaris Park.
Snowtoy rentals are available at mid-mountain.
Snowy conditions can make visibility go way down.
A snowy egret is an egret
Snowy egrets are a common sight throughout coastal New Jersey.
Snowy egrets are birds.
Snowy egrets are brilliant white, medium sized herons that have black legs and yellow-feet.
Snowy egrets are egrets.
Snowy egrets are eurythermal .
Snowy egrets breed once a year.
Snowy egrets eat fish, crabs, amphibians, and other insects.
Snowy egrets have black beaks.
Snowy egrets have long necks, black legs, and a thin black bill.
Snowy egrets stalk the infield and the dump.
Snowy egrets stand in brackish pools, silently regal, waiting for prey.
Snowy mountain makes an excellent background.
Snowy mountains cause a desire to skis.
Snowy mountains cover the interior, and wildlife roam the coastal shores and Andean national parks.
Snowy mountains have avalanches.
Snowy mountains make glamorous the background of the ending day.
Snowy owls adapt characteristic features.
Snowy owls adapt features.
Snowy owls affect the populations of animals that they eat.
Snowy owls are almost all white with scattered dark spots.
Snowy owls are birds of prey.
Snowy owls are birds.
Snowy owls are carnivorous.
Snowy owls are generally solitary and territorial.
Snowy owls are killed by humans for food , trophies , and to protect game animals .
Snowy owls are mostly white with narrow, sparse brown bars and spots.
Snowy owls are native to Arctic regions in North America and Eurasia .
Snowy owls are owls.
Snowy owls are predominantly white with dusky brown spots and bars.
Snowy owls are solitary and territorial.
Snowy owls are territorial on their breeding areas, and sometimes their wintering areas as well.
Snowy owls are the largest bird species in the arctic.
Snowy owls are the largest bird species in the Arctic.
Snowy owls are well-adapted for life in the Arctic Circle.
Snowy owls are white with brown spots and bars.
Snowy owls breed once annually if sufficient prey are available.
Snowy owls communicate with each other with a series of shrieks and hoots.
Snowy owls have claws.
Snowy owls have eyes.
Snowy owls have golden claws.
Snowy owls have metabolism.
Snowy owls have types.
Snowy owls have yellow eyes and very good vision.
Snowy owls have yellow eyes.
Snowy owls have yellow eyes.
Snowy owls help to control populations of lemmings and other rodents.
Snowy owls inhabit areas.
Snowy owls live in the arctic tundra.
Snowy owls live on the tundra.
Snowy owls make their nests on the ground but they chose their nesting place very carefully.
Snowy owls store extra food on a perch.
Snowy owls use sight , sound and touch to communicate and understand their environment .
Snowy owls use sight, sound and touch to communicate and understand their environment.
Most snowy owls have claws.
Most snowy owls have eyes.
Most snowy owls have golden claws.
Most snowy owls have metabolism.
Most snowy owls have types.
Most snowy owls have yellow eyes.
Some snowy owls eat carnivores.
Some snowy owls eat fish.
Some snowy owls eat mammals.
Some snowy owls have time.
Some snowy owls inhabit northern tundra.
Some snowy owls learn to raid traplines set out by trappers.
Snowy plovers are primarily visual foragers.
Snowy plovers are very susceptible to human disturbance.
Snowy plovers breed in loose colonies.
Snowy plovers have natural predators such as falcons, owls, raccoons, and coyotes.
Most Snowy Plovers breed in the first nesting season after hatching.
Some snowy plovers use methods.
Snowy roads are difficult to navigate, icy roads almost impossible.
Snowy shoulders pout voluptuously downward.
Some snowy spots have frequent avalanches while just a stone's throw away, they never happen.
Snowy surfaces provide moisture.
Most snowy surfaces provide moisture.
Snowy swans avoid cheerfully painted barges.
Snowy winters bring cross-country skiers.
SNS hand submits everything, no exceptions.
SnTech systems are easy to use and produce deposits with controlled carbon content.
Snuba divers breathe compressed air from a regulator as they swim, just as a scuba diver does.
Snuba diving is safe family fun, and it's easy to learn.
Snuba diving is safe, fun and easy to learn.
Snuba diving is sort of like snorkeling and scuba diving.
Snubber circuitry is part of the contact relay board to prolong contact life.
A snuffle is a breathing
Snuffles are breathing.
Snuffles is a thick white discharge from the nose accompanied with a lot of sneezing.
Snuffles often includes such symptoms as a runny nose and watery eyes.
Snuffles usually occur in the first week of life, are very persistent and often bloody.
Snufflings are inhalation.
A snug is a room
Snug cover against stitching on binder tape.
Snug fitting rubber top and thumb print handle make it comfortable to hold as well as drink from.
Snug layers up to each other.
Snug sealing bands at wrist and waist, adjustable neck seal has front zipper with gusset.
A snuggle is embrace
Snuggles also makes personal appearances in the hospital and at special events, as shown here.
Snuggles holds a blanket or carries a back pack.
Snuggles is a lovely lady who enjoys many hugs.
Snuggles is very active and needs room to run.
Snuggling is a good idea.
Snuggling is a great way to create an emotional bond.
Snuggling is sex for the soul.
Sos are cars.
SOs are dangerous things because they threaten the charity s ability to generate large gifts.
Sos are distress signals.
Soak City is staffed by highly trained and qualified lifeguards.
Soaker hoses are a good thing.
Soaker hoses are also a great option for avoiding evaporation.
Soaker hoses are also effective at keeping water at the ground level which also reduces evaporation.
Soaker hoses are effective in shrub beds or close-planted row crops.
Soaker hoses are flexible and can easily be wound down rows and around plants.
Soaker hoses are ideal but unless attached to a water meter, the amount supplied is guesswork.
Soaker hoses contain thousands of tiny holes allowing water to seep through.
Soaker hoses provide moisture to the root system while keeping foliage dry.
Soaker hoses use the same concept, but they are generally much less efficient.
Soaker hoses work best.
Soaker hoses work great for watering in the yard.
Soaker hoses work very well.
Soap bar is tossed onstage.
Soap box is out again folks.
A soap bubble is a bubble
Soap bubbles are a sort of sandwich of water and soap.
Soap bubbles are bubbles.
Soap bubbles are inside-out bilayers.
Soap bubbles contain an amazing amount of important geometry.
Soap Bubbles Create geometric art with soap films.
Soap bubbles have very large surface areas with very little mass.
Soap bubbles seem to demonstrate nature's elegant principles.
Some soap bubbles fill with air.
A soap dispenser is a dispenser
Soap dispensers are usually empty, toilets overflow, and drains are clogged with cigarette butts.
A soap film is a film
Soap films are examples of such surfaces.
Soap films are extensible, but there is no internal volume constraint to satisfy.
Soap making can be fun and easy, but first, a few words about safety.
Soap making has a messy past based on a chemical reaction that appeared magical.
Soap making is a chemical process known as saponification.
Soap making is a delicate blend of art and science.
Soap making is a fun and personally rewarding business.
Soap making is a homestead skill often forgotten in discussions of colonial days.
Soap making is an outside activity.
Soap making is nothing more than a chemical reaction that occurs when the lye responds to the fat.
A soap opera is a series
Soap opera continues to grab the highest average ratings.
Soap opera has a biblical antecedent.
Soap opera have a different value structure than all other TV forms.
Soap opera is the paradigmatic television form.
Soap opera is, thus, transformed by the beauty of the banal.
Soap operas are a part of American culture and a source of entertainment and fun.
Soap operas are a whole other chapter.
Soap operas are also a large export here, with many viewed in Europe and Asia.
Soap operas are another big hit, both in and outside of the country.
Soap operas are for adults only.
Soap operas are often rebroadcasts of programs made in Mexico.
Soap operas are particularly fun.
Soap operas are serials.
Soap operas are substitutes for the fairytales, folk tales and stories .
Soap operas are television drama.
Soap operas are usually inexpensive television programs shown during the day.
Soap operas come the closest to using real cliffhangers.
Soap operas contain hordes of attractive actors and actresses.
Soap operas deal with fake characters.
Soap operas define women in relation to a concern with the family.
Soap operas do more upperclass biasing than any other show on television.
Soap operas fill a psychological void, influence our knowledge, attitudes and our behaivour.
Soap operas have it, and so do daily newspapers.
Soap operas have the most sex, followed buy movies and talk shows.
Soap operas invite fantasy and build communities, both on the show andoff.
Soap operas make strong women pine for men all the time.
Soap operas promote laziness.
Soap plant grows in dry open places throughout the Sacramento region.
Soap powder is a hydrated mixture of soap and sodium carbonate.
Soap powder is available at reception.
Soap powder is soap
Soap scum builds up.
Soap scum is difficult to remove from sinks and appliances.
Soap scum is the bane of the soap user with hard water.
Soap stars are some of the best signers out there.
Soap stars attend.
Many soap stars align themselves to one off events like charity football matches and the like.
Soap stone has smooth texture, soft lustre and of numerous colours and shades.
Soap stone makes a finer line than chalk and never needs sharpening.
Soap world reacts to attacks.
Soap acts as a pesticide.
Soap acts as a solvent for imbedded dirt.
SOAP alone does nothing of the sort.
Soap also can help wash away the urushiol.
SOAP also defines a set of encoding rules for expressing instances of application-defined datatypes.
SOAP also distinguishes between elements that are independent and elements that are embedded.
Soap also has some medicinal purposes for animals, so be sure to take plenty along.
Soap also kills the orange and black milkweed sucker bugs.
Soap also prevents glue from sticking together.
Soap also works best in hot water.
Soap are Two away an zero without a rock.
Soap basically loosens the dirt from our hands and body.
Soap breaks down the crystalline structure of salt.
Soap breaks the skin.
Soap breaks the surface tension of the water, causing the ants to drown.
Soap brings everything together.
SOAP builds on many schemas and it is often difficult to untangle the thread of complicated logic.
Soap can burn the skin even worse.
Soap can cause a film to form on jewellery, dulling it.
Soap can cause a film to form on karat gold jewelry, making it appear dull and dingy.
Soap can come from people's homes, factories or car washes.
Soap can definitely cause flakiness and dehydration.
Soap can dry and irritate the skin.
Soap can have some detrimental effects on grass and other plant life.
Soap can kill bacteria that cause odor.
Soap can set up very fast.
Soap Carving Soap carving is a fun and inexpensive way for kids to learn the basics of sculpture.
Soap causes the water bubble to fall apart and spread out, also soaking through the wax paper.
Soap comes bare, presented in a ceramic soap holder wrapped with raffia and on sprig of eucalyptus.
Soap Comes From.
Soap comes in a basket and includes dried botanical embellishments to enhance the display.
SOAP concentrates on the specific task of executing procedures on a remote computer.
Soap contains fats.
Soap continues to be used in hospitals, orphanages and clinics.
SOAP defines a messaging protocol.
SOAP defines the first two namespaces and refers to the second two.
Soap derives from products.
SOAP disallows dtd hence entities.
Soap disrupts the membranes of the bacteria. . . .
Soap dissolves the grease that lets bacteria stay on the hands.
SOAP does explicitly distinguish.
SOAP does precisely that.
Soap does the job.
SOAP draws from two distinct environments.
SOAP effectively accomplishes all of the above.
SOAP eliminates the walls separating distributed computing platforms.
SOAP enables such interactions by being platform and object-model independent.
SOAP encoding rules specify the serialization for primitive and application-defined datatypes.
SOAP exists now and has been reasonably well understood for many months.
SOAP forces developers to think stateless at the middle tier.
Soap has additional properties.
Soap has chemicals that can pollute the water.
Soap has effects.
Soap has properties.
Soap helps spread it through all the laundry.
Soap helps to dissolve cell membranes.
SOAP hides the transport details.
Soap is a base.
Soap is a cherished gift.
Soap is a cleaner
Soap is a cleansing agent made from the interaction of fats and oils with alkali.
Soap is a common household emulsifier.
Soap is a complicated molecule.
Soap is a compound substance.
Soap is a contact poison for many insects and it leaves no residue.
Soap is a daytime superstar that's often overlooked.
Soap is a degreaser and can also irritate skin.
Soap is a good and enviromentally safe lubricant.
Soap is a good cleanser.
Soap is a good lubricant by itself and is added to petroleum oil making grease.
Soap is a kind of cleaner.
Soap is a luxury that they receive only once or twice a year.
Soap is a mere combination of fat or oil, and lye.
Soap is a product that everyone can use.
Soap is a result of a chemical reaction between lye, fat and water.
Soap is a vehicle for scent.
Soap is a waxy solid made from sodium hydroxide mixed with fats.
Soap is a waxy solid that is used in cleaning that helps increase the cleaning ability of water.
Soap is alkaline and disturbs the acidic environment.
Soap is an extensible XML messaging protocol that forms the foundation for most Web services.
Soap is an ideal substance because it is made of long chains of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
Soap is an important product.
Soap is another undesirable product.
SOAP is anything but a lock-in.
Soap is available upon request and one hand towel each plus bedding is provided.
Soap is basically a mixture of fat and lye.
Soap is basically soap, and the main message is that it cleans things.
Soap is bribes.
Soap is capable of liquids.
Soap is cheap.
Soap is companies.
Soap is detergent.
Soap is different things to different countries.
Soap is found by the sink in the lab.
Soap is generally a sodium salt of certain fatty acids.
Soap is generally a sodium salt of fatty acids.
Soap is gentle and is wonderful in cleaning under the right conditions.
Soap is given to somebody on top of hand.
Soap is good.
Soap is hard to get.
Soap is hard when cured.
Soap is 'hydrophyllic', or water-loving, and dissolves readily in any moisture.
SOAP is independent of the underlying transport protocol.
Soap is located in cabinets.
Soap is located in doctors.
Soap is located in gift baskets.
Soap is located in jails.
Soap is located in sinks.
Soap is located in supermarkets.
Soap is made by mixing an acid and a base to produce soap.
Soap is made from animal and vegetable fats, oils, and greases.
Soap is made from animal fat and alkali.
Soap is made from animal or vegetable oil, and detergent is made from mineral oil.
Soap is made from boiling fat together with a strong alkali.
Soap is made from different oils and fats.
Soap is made from fats and lye.
Soap is made in small batches to ensure superior quality.
Soap is made of Glycerin and lightly scented.
Soap is maple and burgandy in colour.
Soap is marketed also as chips, flakes, and beads and in powdered form.
Soap is needed for removing the thickeners from tools, equipment and mixing vessels.
Soap is needed too.
Soap is objects.
Soap is of course a very good antiseptic.
Soap is on hold until spring arrives and it warms up.
Soap is optional.
Soap is part of the cleansing process.
Soap is placed in toothpaste to create a foaming action.
SOAP is platform independent.
Soap is poison to fishes.
Soap is popular, as is red pepper mixed with water and painted on.
Soap is poured into molds.
Soap is rare in facilities for juveniles.
Soap is ready to use.
Soap is safe to wash with.
Soap is sent when checks clear the bank.
SOAP is simple.
Soap is slippery stuff.
Soap is sold in the front office.
Soap is sold usually by the pound.
Soap is solids.
Soap is still harsh when it's time to remove it from the molds.
Soap is subsidiaries.
Soap is the alkali salt of fatty acids.
Soap is the common name for the sodium salt of a fatty acid.
Soap is the gateway to marriage, employment and entertainment.
Soap is the island's second most important export after agricultural products.
Soap is the most popular cleanser, but synthetic detergents are used as well.
Soap is the most popular detergent, but synthetic detergents are also used.
Soap is the oldest cleanser, usually a mixture of sodium salts and various fatty acids.
Soap is the purest choice next to using soapy herbs such as soap bark.
Soap is the wonderful concoction that turns pan grease into dishwater.
Soap is toiletry.
Soap is unnecessary for dish washing jobs and can be difficult to rinse thoroughly.
Soap is unnecessary for most cleaning jobs and can be difficult to thoroughly rinse off.
Soap is unnecessary for most dishwashing jobs and can be difficult to rinse thoroughly.
Soap is used as a cleansing agent or detergent.
Soap is used for bathing.
Soap is used for baths.
Soap is used for clean skin.
Soap is used for cleaning.
Soap is used for cleans.
Soap is used for entertainment.
Soap is used for personal hygiene.
Soap is used for showerings.
Soap is used for smelling.
Soap is used for washing dishs.
Soap is used for washings.
Soap is used to decontaminate skin exposures.
Soap is usually unnecessary.
Soap is very acidic.
Soap is very unusual acting like a snake with two heads.
Soap isa cleaner.
Soap kills aquarium fish.
Soap kills fleas.
Soap leaves a residue on the grout lines that dulls the finish.
Soap leaves a residue on the produce.
Soap leaves a sticky residue that encourages resoiling.
Soap leaves residues.
SOAP leaves security considerations open.
Soap liquefies the fat and makes it easier to clean.
Soap loves it.
Soap made by the soap makers is poured into large wooden frames and removed when cooled and hard.
Soap makes for a handy American metaphor.
Soap makes it all fun, fast and easy for everyone in the family.
Soap makes it easier to lift the plastic pan from the water.
Soap makes itching worse.
Soap makes the specimen cloudy.
Soap Making Soap making requires knowledge and skills from old timers.
Soap mixes with water.
SOAP obviously addresses both.
SOAP opens the underside of application environments, it pulls the lock-in plug.
SOAP passes data among client, middleware, and server components in XML format.
Soap prepared with neem oil is very useful.
SOAP provides a mechanism for programs to pass messages to each other.
SOAP provides a similar program-calling interface.
SOAP provides interoperability between competing middleware technologies, across the Internet.
Soap reacts with calcium ions in hard water so it forms a scum of calcium sterate.
Soap really has no place on food.
Soap reduces the cohesive force, and breaks the surface tension.
Soap reduces the surface tension and allows a film to form.
Soap removes the protective oil from the skin and upsets the acid-alkaline balance.
Soap removes the protective oils from the skin, causing excessive drying and increased rash.
Soap requires the CD to be in the machine to save work.
SOAP says nothing about language bindings, rather it is simply a wire protocol.
Soap scrub away dirt.
SOAP seeks nothing less than to redefine the basis of communication between remote applications.
SOAP seeks to create a common language for linking applications and services on the Internet.
SOAP simply defines how to call a remote method and get the result.
Soap simply loosens bacteria, which then are rinsed away with water.
Soap simply loosens bacteria, which then rinse away with water.
Soap smells bad.
Soap spoils the water.
SOAP stands for subjective, objective, assessment, and plan.
Soap stings the eyes.
Soap strips the skin's protective acid mantle.
Soap supports six image file formats.
Soap Take a bar of plain white soap.
Soap takes some getting used to, but it excels at tweaking colors and polishing images.
Soap takes some time to harden and become less basic.
SOAP travels over the Web.
Soap washes away the chemical trail ants follow.
Soap works better, clothes become cleaner.
SOAP works with existing Internet infrastructure.
Soaps act by impairing the waxy layer of insect exoskeletons.
Soaps act selectively on many pests including aphids, squash bug nymphs, leafhoppers, and thrips.
Soaps also are products in the rosin and modified rosin resin line.
Soaps also make the children stupid.
Soaps alter plots in wake of attacks.
Soaps are a fascinating study of audience-character relationships.
Soaps are about familiarity.
Soaps are about the human condition and overcoming obstacles.
Soaps are also bases, and naturally are quite slippery.
Soaps are always a safe bet when dealing with teenage girls.
Soaps are available that are formulated for controlling lacebugs and other soft bodied insects.
Soaps are bio-degradable and cruelty free.
Soaps are biodegradable, but break down rather rapidly.
Soaps are chemically similar to liquid hand soaps.
Soaps are fiction an easy way to escape from real life for a short time.
Soaps are from Greece and Portugal, many made from pure olive oil.
Soaps are generically conservative with respect to social and moral codes.
Soaps are immortal, whereas most cinema is structured around an itinery towards an ending.
Soaps are made from animal fats or vegetable oils .
Soaps are made from animal fats or vegetable oils.
Soaps are never perfect.
Soaps are really fabulous because women rule on soaps.
Soaps are sodium oleate and sodium stearates.
Soaps are sodium or potassium salts of long chain fatty acids.
Soaps are the sodium or potassium salts of long-chain fatty acids.
Soaps are virtually non-toxic to the user and they degrade rapidly in the soil.
Soaps based on coconut oils are the most environmentally friendly.
Soaps can also aid in the passage of insecticides through the waxy insect cuticle.
Soaps can be phytotoxic to some crops, and harmful to some beneficials.
Soaps can burn some skin sensitive people or hurt eyes.
Soaps can burn tender leaves.
Soaps can cause choking and vomiting.
Soaps can cause eye irritation, so wear goggles and follow the safety precautions on the label.
Soaps can contain animal or vegetable fat.
Soaps can dry out the natural oils and promote chapping.
Soaps contain all the natural, glycerin to nourish and soften the skin.
Soaps contain ingredients that can be drying to skin.
Soaps contain phosphorus.
Soaps contain powdered oatmeal, organic honey, ultrarich carrier oils and pure essential oils.
Soaps containing higher amounts of liquid vegetable oil have tracings more difficult to detect.
Soaps emulsify oil, breaking it into invisible droplets that disperse through the water.
Soaps have a unique canvas on which to tell the stories.
Soaps have a wealth of wonderfully crafted characters.
Soaps have low mammalian toxicity.
Soaps have phosphates.
Soaps have the ability of hooking people.
Soaps leave skin feeling dry and even itchy.
Soaps make consequences more important than actions and involve many complications.
Soaps make eczema worse.
Soaps make great gift items.
Soaps now come in all shapes, colors and scents.
Soaps penetrate the waxy covering on the insect s body and cause death by dehydration.
Soaps pollute and make clean up impossible.
Soaps provide a never-ending story that continuously leaves viewers hanging on and wanting more.
Soaps remove stains by magic.
Soaps scramble to rewrite stories in wake of attacks.
Soaps supposedly work because they are basic.
Soaps tend to be alkaline which neutralizes acids.
Soaps tend to irritate.
Soaps work by smothering soft-bodied insects like aphids or thrips.
All soap comes from the reaction of fat and sodium hydroxide.
All soap is made by hand with Montana beeswax.
All soap is made with the use of water.
All soaps are available in vegetable or tallow base.
All soaps are capable of improvement.
All soaps are cruelty-free.
All soaps are down from last year.
All soaps are gentle enough for faces of every skin type, even babies.
All soaps are handmade in Australia.
All soaps are handmade in small batches using the cold process method.
All soaps are handmade, hand cut, simple country soap.
All soaps are vegetable based, containing no lard or tallow.
All soaps contain soothing herbs, calendula and chamomile.
All soaps employ people who make sure that the actors are used the minimum of days per week.
All soaps have a nice lather and rinses clean.
Every soap is different , and environmental conditions influence performance , too .
Every soap is different, and environmental conditions influence performance, too.
Every soap is loaded with human fight and betrayal.
Many soaps are salts of fatty acids with an alkali base.
Many soaps irritate the skin of a child with eczema.
More soap is required.
Most soap has additional properties.
Most soap has effects.
Most soap has properties.
Most soap is manufactured by large companies and is sold in discount stores and supermarkets.
Most soaps are alkaline and unless pH balanced can cause skin irritation if used excessively.
Most soaps are available in solid colors as well as marbled.
Most soaps kill all stages of the louse except the egg.
Some soap causes cell damage.
Some soap causes damage.
Some soap causes internal damage.
Some soap contains boraxs.
Some soap contains ethanols.
Some soap contains oil.
Some soap contains tea tree oil.
Some soap has activities.
Some soap is used up by reacting with hard water minerals to form the film.
Some soap kills aphids.
Some soap promotes growth.
Some soap reduces tension.
Some soap solves problems.
Some soaps contain antiseptics which are claimed to destroy the bacteria which cause spots.
Some soaps wash better than others at lower temperatures.
A soapbox is a platform
Soapbox does it all.
Soapboxes are free.
A soaprock is talcum
SoapRocks are very mild and extra long lasting.
A soapstone is talcum
Some soapstone contains silica, which can cause silicosis when inhaled.
Soapweed yucca can resprout relatively quickly even after successive defoliations.
Soapweed yucca is capable of reproducing sexually or through vegetative means.
Soar birds make adjustment.
Soar birds make delicate adjustment.
Most soar birds make adjustment.
Most soar birds make delicate adjustment.
Some soar birds take advantage.
A soar is a rise
SOAR encourages everyone to seek counseling.
SOAR is mandatory for all new students.
SOAR now offers real-time registration and schedule display.
SOAR offers two types of membership.
SOAR provides access to quality data and policy sources.
SOAR provides exclusive benefits and communications.
SOAR provides numerous opportunities to help new freshmen adjust to the college experience.
SOAR receives applications from some of the best students in Ontario and elsewhere.
SOAR sells t-shirts and postcards in our gift shop as a fundraising tool.
SOAR welcomes the submission of news, features, opinion, and letters to the editor.
SOAR works to expose and abolish all forms of animal exploitation and abuse.
Soars are rises.
Soares belongs to the group of painters that write visual poetry.
Soares rejects the oft-repeated slogan that youth are the future of society.
Soares takes the same view.
A sob is a tears
Sobs cause the women's chests to convulse.
Sober alcoholics surrender because they have to.
Every sober day is a beautiful gift.
Some sober houses receive county and federal money to provide short-term housing for addicts.
Sober judgment means accurate judgment.
More sober minds think it was likely the foundation of a large building such as a council house.
Sober numbers suggest that online ads are holding back growth in print classifieds.
Sober people are funny, drunk or high people are just stupid.
Sober people are sane people .
Sober people realize that.
More sober scientists agree that nature is even now in freefall.
Some sobering thoughts come from the announcement of the first awards under the new scheme.
Sobralias also do well in pots crowded among the bromeliad ground cover.
Sobriety checkpoints allow officers to stop vehicles without any suspicion of wrongdoing.
Sobriety checkpoints are clearly an effective deterrent against hardcore drunk driving.
Sobriety roadblocks present particularly complex issues.
Sobriety begins at home.
Sobriety Getting sober is just the beginning.
Sobriety has little to do with character.
Sobriety is a state
Sobriety is a way of life based on spiritual principles.
Sobriety is abstinence.
Sobriety is an axiom which has attracted the attention of theoretical computer scientists.
Sobriety is associated with foreignness, and a lack of social engagement.
Sobriety is Attainable.
Sobriety is better than big presents.
Sobriety is celebrated, marked off.
Sobriety is defined as having consumed no alcoholic beverage for the preceding eight hours.
Sobriety is difficult to attain and more difficult to sustain.
Sobriety is no accident.
Sobriety Is Our Priority .
Sobriety is something that college students often neglect.
Sobriety is sometimes a hard road.
Sobriety is temperance.
Sobriety is the moderation of our affections in the pursuit and use of earthly things.
Sobriety is the number one priority in a recovering person s life.
Sobriety is the number one priority in a recovering person's life.
Sobriety is the release from all compulsive and destructive sexual behaviors.
Sobriety is Wonderful.
Sobriety is, rather, the process of living a completely new and non-compulsive kind of life.
Sobriety means abstaining from alcohol at all times.
Sobriety means sobriety, period - no drinking and no drugging.
Sobriety replaces drunkenness.
Sobriety requires change and a certain amount of courage.
Sobriety reveals the alcoholic's true personality.
Sobriety simply isn t for everybody .
Sobriety simply means sober-mindedness.
Sobriety starts to feel the opposite of the euphoric drug-induced state.
All sobriety is lost at the sound of their rustic drums.
Many soc.motss participants have home pages.
SoCal rocks makes a comeback.
Socapex connectors require a much larger cable.
A soccer ball is a ball
Soccer ball meets head.
Soccer ball patterns on the sphere .
Soccer balls are balls.
Soccer balls are heavy.
Soccer balls are located in fields.
Soccer balls are located in lawns.
Soccer balls are made of leathers.
Soccer balls are too expensive for the average neighborhood gang.
Soccer balls come in different sizes according to age.
Soccer balls take high bounces off the ground and players fall hard on it.
Most soccer balls require between four and nine pounds of air.
Soccer cleats are helpful but optional.
Soccer cleats are highly recommended.
Soccer clubs exist in each community, offering exposure to select and premier levels of play.
All soccer equipment is made to Australian standards and is of international quality and style.
Soccer fans are able to enjoy the highest level of soccer in the State of Indiana.
Soccer fans are finally right.
Soccer fans are very capable of speaking loudly and clearly.
Soccer fans can be vicious and they can be great.
Soccer fans can now see the greatest teams and the greatest players from across the globe.
Soccer fans find something to celebrate at a Baghdad match.
Soccer fans have delusions of grandeur.
Soccer fans say there's no market because no soccer books are published.
Soccer fans strike back online . . .
Every soccer fan needs it right next to their phone.
Soccer field is across the street.
Soccer field is located behind the football field.
Soccer field is located in the back area of the school.
Soccer field is on the right across from the high school.
Soccer field is on the west side of the school.
Soccer field is on west side of school.
Soccer field is second field on the left.
Soccer fields are behind tennis courts.
Soccer fields are behind the gym.
Soccer fields are green.
Soccer fields are located in countrysides.
Soccer fields are located in parks.
Soccer fields are located in playgrounds.
Soccer fields are located in school yards.
Soccer fields are located in schools.
Soccer fields are located in stadiums.
Soccer fields are located in towns.
Soccer fields are next to football stadium and track.
Soccer fields are playing fields.
Soccer fields are to the left and in back of the school.
Soccer fields are used for competitive sports.
Soccer fields are used for play sports.
Soccer fields attract large numbers of people.
Soccer fields can be for-shortened because some of the younger ages pay on smaller fields.
Soccer fields have grass.
Most soccer fields have grass.
Some soccer fields cover square yards.
Some soccer fields cover yards.
Soccer hooliganism is also a problem in the Western world.
Soccer hooliganism mars the world's most popular game.
Soccer injuries are part of the game.
Most soccer injuries are non-contact, involving twisting stress to the knee.
Soccer jerseys look a lot better than jerseys of other sports.
Soccer moms drive daily, cook, sew and housekeep, dads devote Saturdays to their princess.
Soccer moms have peer networks optimizing opportunities with all the talent they possess.
Soccer moms make up a third of soccer coaches.
A soccer player is a player
A soccer player is an athlete
Soccer player dribbles ball in place, framed from neck down.
Soccer players are athletes.
Soccer players are located in soccer fields.
Soccer players are players.
Soccer players are very good.
Soccer players are welcome to try out for the Hot Springs city team.
Soccer players are workers.
Soccer players do it for kicks.
Soccer players earn a berth on a team purely because of their skill.
Soccer players get on plane.
Soccer players go to Rumours.
Soccer players have leather balls.
Soccer players have more fun, too.
Soccer players hold court at the parks.
Soccer players need energy.
Soccer players run whistle sprints while visualizing the plots of stories for creative writing.
Soccer players take a little more wear and tear.
All soccer players wear shinguards.
Every soccer player needs to know the history of the game.
Every soccer player needs to strengthen their abdominal muscles.
Many soccer players get knee injuries.
Most soccer players go out to score goals.
Some soccer players are rock musicians.
Some soccer players die of injuries.
Soccer practice starts in half an hour.
Soccer practices vary from week to week.
Soccer riots remain a global phenomenon, even in pious old England.
All soccer rules apply.
Soccer shoes are optional, but highly advisable.
Soccer shoes can contribute to heel pain in adolescents.
Soccer shoes have a flat plastic sole with soft leather upper.
Soccer team enjoys outing in Hawaii while playing local universities.
Soccer teams are located in fields.
Soccer teams are no exception.
Soccer teams are sports teams.
Soccer teams attack down the middle if there is a fast break.
Soccer teams help reinforce the value of cooperation in a very competitive environment.
Every soccer team is unique.
Soccer allows it to widen.
Soccer allows people from around the world to have something in common.
Soccer attracts families from four states to participate.
Soccer can be a great source of entertainment to be played or watched.
Soccer can be a motivating factor to improve grades.
Soccer can be fun for younger kids to older adults.
Soccer can be incredibly rewarding for everyone involved.
Soccer can fill the world with peace and love.
Soccer can involve long periods of play without a goal.
Soccer can shape someone's life.
Soccer captivates people from every country on earth.
Soccer captures sectional and district titles.
Soccer captures the most enthusiastic fans.
Soccer carries greater risk to injury.
Soccer competes in the fall, for instance, but they also play several games in the spring.
Soccer continues to be very popular, yet it is more and more professional.
Soccer continues to grow in popularity and develop higher-skilled players in the West Sound region.
Soccer continues to grow in popularity as a safe, fun sport for kids of all ages.
Soccer draws tremendous support from the student body.
Soccer dribble the ball and then kick it.
Soccer embodies the glories of the coming world order.
Soccer enjoys tremendous popularity throughout the Arab world.
Soccer fields ball fields playground picnic area bike trail green space.
Soccer fields to the left of the school building.
Soccer gives an ideal opportunity.
Soccer gives Detroit youth another after-school activity that promotes a healthy way of life.
Soccer gives kids lots of chances to score points.
Soccer has (part) regulation time.
Soccer has (part) second periods.
Soccer heading frequency predicts neuropsychological deficits.
Soccer heads the list as the nation's favorite sport followed by basketball.
Soccer is a beautiful game.
Soccer is a beautiful sport.
Soccer is a big program in our community.
Soccer is a big thing here.
Soccer is a co-ed team.
Soccer is a contact or collision sport that can expose the wearer to severe impacts.
Soccer is a contact sport, but there are limitations.
Soccer is a fairly young sport in Tonga, but it's starting to make inroads on rugby.
Soccer is a fast game that needs quick responses.
Soccer is a fluid game, where players decifer the individual situation.
Soccer is a football
Soccer is a foreign game for hooligan, drunken psycho-fans.
Soccer is a fresh and new sport here.
Soccer is a fun sport.
Soccer is a funny old game, of two halves, where heroes are made and dreams are shattered.
Soccer is a funny old game.
Soccer is a game for happiness.
Soccer is a game if very early origin.
Soccer is a game of creativity, freedom, and improvisation.
Soccer is a game of skill, strategy and endurance.
Soccer is a gentlemen's sport played by ruffians.
Soccer is a great game.
Soccer is a great sport to learn how to play.
Soccer is a great sport.
Soccer is a great workout.
Soccer is a healthy sport, played in part for the good of one's health.
Soccer is a kick in the grass.
Soccer is a lot more competitive now, too.
Soccer is a major part of our family recreational life - coaching, playing and cheering.
Soccer is a national passion and inspires massive public interest and media attention.
Soccer is a national pastime in both countries and patriotism becomes intertwined with the team.
Soccer is a natural instrument to bring people of all types and colors together.
Soccer is a physically demanding sport that requires a player to possess both speed and strength.
Soccer is a player's game.
Soccer is a positive game, as well.
Soccer is a possibility.
Soccer is a quick and physical game.
Soccer is a reason to riot.
Soccer is a relatively safe sport.
Soccer is a rough sport.
Soccer is a simple game.
Soccer is a simplistic sport.
Soccer is a skill that can last a lifetime.
Soccer is a sport comprised mainly of rules.
Soccer is a sport designed to give skill the advantage over force.
Soccer is a sport for boys and girls of all ages, sizes, and athletic abilities.
Soccer is a sport of the people.
Soccer is a sport that attracts a lot of interest from our recruits, especially in the northeast.
Soccer is a sport that is growing in popularity.
Soccer is a sport that runs all year round with three days of practice for three hours each day.
Soccer is a sport which consists of simple ingredients.
Soccer is a team game.
Soccer is a team sport after all.
Soccer is a team sport and good communication is vital.
Soccer is a team sport that requires alot of communication and trust between all of the players.
Soccer is a team sport.
Soccer is a thinking man's game.
Soccer is a universal language.
Soccer is a universal sport.
Soccer is a very dangerous sport.
Soccer is a very exciting game that can be enjoyed by people of all ages.
Soccer is a very fun sport.
Soccer is a very popular sport in Fairbanks.
Soccer is a very popular sport in South America.
Soccer is a very visually demanding sport.
Soccer is a weird situation.
Soccer is a world sport, and many of the star U.S. players hail from other countries.
Soccer is about control, about territorial containment.
Soccer is about the creation and use of empty space.
Soccer is about the kids.
Soccer is ahead of American football, track, wrestling, ice hockey and lacrosse .
Soccer is all about reaching goals amid a continually changing situation, and doing it in real time.
Soccer is all about winning.
Soccer is among the most popular sport in town.
Soccer is an extremely fluid sport.
Soccer is anything but nowadays.
Soccer is awesome.
Soccer is back in America.
Soccer is better in Bosnia because everybody plays it.
Soccer is big here.
Soccer is boring.
Soccer is by far the largest participatory sport in the country no question about it.
Soccer is by far the most popular field sport in South Africa.
Soccer is coeduational at the middle school level.
Soccer is completely different.
Soccer is cool.
Soccer is courage, strength, commitment, and honor.
Soccer is definitely a period game.
Soccer is definitely a strange game.
Soccer is different, however.
Soccer is different, too, played on mini-fields by teams of three.
Soccer is different.
Soccer is easy, goalkeeping is hard.
Soccer is enjoyed daily by millions of fanatics world-wide.
Soccer is entertainment.
Soccer is everything in Cameroon.
Soccer is exciting.
Soccer is existentialism with muscles.
Soccer is far and away the favourite spectator sport, while chess is also popular.
Soccer is faster-paced when one plays indoors on artificial turf.
Soccer is footballs.
Soccer is fun again.
Soccer is fun, great for co-ordination, social and is played all over the world.
Soccer is fun.
Soccer is fun.
Soccer is games.
Soccer is great there.
Soccer is great.
Soccer is here to stay in the States.
Soccer is here to stay.
Soccer is huge there.
Soccer is hugely popular in Vietnam and many fans feel strong allegiances to their favourite teams.
Soccer is incredibly popular here in Mercer County, and growing more so every year.
Soccer is intended to be a continuous action sport.
Soccer is just plain un-American.
Soccer is life in areas of Europe and South America, in the United States, soccer happens.
Soccer is life in Spain.
Soccer is life up there.
Soccer is life.
Soccer is likely to arise throughout the story both factually and as a metaphor.
Soccer is low-scoring and played on a wide open field under the open skies.
Soccer is more organized now that rules have been developed.
Soccer is much like golf.
Soccer is much like hockey when it comes to tournaments.
Soccer is much more hot.
Soccer is never just soccer nowhere in the world.
Soccer is no different.
Soccer is no exception.
Soccer is now the all round sport all round the year.
Soccer is now the most popular sport among young women.
Soccer is now the most popular team sport in the United States.
Soccer is one half the size of track and fiel in high schools.
Soccer is one part of an overall parenting goal providing an opportunity to excel for our children.
Soccer is one route to that.
Soccer is one sport that has seen a great rise in female participation.
Soccer is only for geeky gym class kids with pocket-protectors and thick glasses.
Soccer is out of the scene and the conflicts are resolved without a ball as mediator.
Soccer is over and it's too cold to ride.
Soccer is part art and part science.
Soccer is passion.
Soccer is popular at lunch recess, it's usually a big blob.
Soccer is pretty cool.
Soccer is probably the most followed sport in Thailand.
Soccer is probably the most popular spectator sport.
Soccer is probably the most popular sport in the world.
Soccer is regulated by a set of laws, which have been modified from time to time.
Soccer is second only to basketball for oral, facial and dental injuries in sports.
Soccer is serious business in Europe.
Soccer is sports.
Soccer is still a schoolyard pastime and an impresario's fantasy.
Soccer is still a second-string sport behind rugby union in Fiji.
Soccer is stronger when it is together.
Soccer is such a great sport that requires so much teamwork.
Soccer is such a great sport.
Soccer is such an emotional trip.
Soccer is such an international sport and fans travel all over the world to watch.
Soccer is such an international sport andfans travel all over the world to watch.
Soccer is team sports.
Soccer is their life.
Soccer is their medium to reach out to their family-oriented fan base.
Soccer is to be lived.
Soccer is to be played.
Soccer is underway and softball is heading into the final tournament.
Soccer is violent enough.
Soccer isa football.
Soccer means community.
Soccer meets on Fridays for seven sessions.
Soccer meets small town USA where the local group of misfits become big soccer heroes.
Soccer mums is a pollsters term for a key category of swing voters.
Soccer needs to be televised to the nation.
Soccer offers many surprises, but Chile have run out of luck and what is worst, out of motivation.
Soccer patches for teams and leagues.
Soccer plays a major role at the camp.
Soccer presents itself as a flurry of activity.
Soccer provides a full body and cardiovascular workout.
Soccer provides some of the best conditioning results when playing for a while.
Soccer ranks as the second most popular sport in the country, after baseball.
Soccer receives all the money and attention in Central America.
Soccer requires little equipment, other than a pair of shoes.
Soccer requires more aerobic work in practice and games than baseball.
Soccer results from the country of Fiji in the Oceania region.
Soccer results here.
Soccer socks that go over each shinguard.
Soccer starts a little while after baseball and softball.
Soccer still remains very much a prominent part of that future.
Soccer still struggles badly for corporate support.
Soccer suffers when dishonest play or off the field behavior is tolerated.
Soccer takes a backseat only in America .
Soccer takes up a few hours a week.
Soccer traditionally draws well in Washington.
Soccer transcends the entire Universe.
Soccer unites people.
Soccer wears out the center circle and the penalty and goalie areas.
All soccer has are goals to excite fans.
Some soccer cones on important, healthy ear enter either ideal position down whatever war.
Sociability depends on trust, collaboration and appropriate styles of communication.
Sociability is a common feature with very many other birds of prey.
Sociability is as much a law of nature as mutual struggle.
Sociability is sociality
Sociability is sociality.
Sociability is the extent to which a baby prefers to be with other people in general.
Sociability isa trait.
Sociability means better health for baboons and humans too.
Sociability refers to our desires to live in a group.
Sociable numbers tend to be quite large, so they are hard to find without using a computer.
Social acceptance becomes increasingly important as children grow up.
Social acceptance has a significant impact upon self-esteem of students with learning disabilities.
Social acceptance is more difficult.
Social acceptance is one of the basic needs of man.
Social acceptance is the fourth criteria.
Social accountability involves the impact on individuals, organizations, and communities.
Social accountability is a good thing.
Social accountability See our statement on our social responsibility practices.
Social acquaintances cure social loneliness.
Social acts have three phases.
A social action is social policy
Social action based on Jewish ethics is a central part of Reconstructionist community activity.
Social action bears fruit.
Social action is an important part of the life of the church.
Social action is embedded in structural constraints.
Social action is just that - going out and making a voice wherever and whenever necessary.
Social action is the lifeblood of the world.
Social action provides opportunities for personal and community enrichment.
Social actions are political parties.
Social actions are social policy.
Social actions are very planned actions within the heirachy.
Social activism is encouraged.
Social activists are also prone to Doing in a dissociated way.
Social activists have combined information, technology and attitude to promote their causes.
Social activists point to a different set of problems.
Social activists use it to achieve social and political change.
Social activists worry whether tests discriminate.
A social activity is a group action
Social activities accelerate.
Social activities are a big part of our fraternity life.
Social activities are actions.
Social activities are also an important part of the club's programs.
Social activities are also important to sorority life.
Social activities are another key way for people to get to know each other.
Social activities are continual in the daily routine.
Social activities are great, as long as they're supervised by adults and also granted in moderation.
Social activities are group actions.
Social activities are important, and many patients can stay involved in normal family life.
Social activities are many and varied.
Social activities are often co-sponsored with student organizations.
Social activities are open to participation by sponsors.
Social activities are organised to allow students to get to know each other.
Social activities are part of the project for the volunteers.
Social activities are self-explanatory.
Social activities are social events.
Social activities are very popular in Italy.
Social activities are virtually extinct.
Social activities assist with spiritual growth.
Social activities become difficult, a nuisance.
Social activities begin when the season begins and continue until close-up.
Social activities can be an enjoyable and important part of off-campus life.
Social activities can break down relational obstacles.
Social activities can help during a time of stress.
Social activities combined with quality CLE attract many repeat attendees at every meeting.
Social activities enable students to meet other students before looking for accommodation together.
Social activities encourage members to discuss experiences and plan future excursions.
Social activities encourage student to meet engineers from different majors as well.
Social activities give members a chance to meet and form social bonds.
Social activities including adults are appropriate.
Social activities increase, popularity on the rise.
Social activities keep even the most active seniors busy.
Social activities occur regularly.
Social activities play an important role in fostering a sense of community among the staff.
Social activities provide a relaxed, informal atmosphere for our summer clerks.
Social activities provide fun and fellowship.
Social activities provide members a time to unwind and network socially in a relaxed atmosphere.
Social activities range from softball teams to Smith Mountain Lake cookouts.
Social activities round out the clubs programs.
Social activities seem to almost plan themselves.
Social activities take too much effort.
Social activities tend to be expensive.
Social activities vary from dances to retreats.
Social activities vary from month to month.
Social activities vary monthly.
Social activity accelerates.
Social activity can be a productive proposition.
Social activity can be stressful, awkward.
All social activities are available for both day and boarding students.
All social activities are interesting and done in good taste.
Most social activity occurs in private clubs.
Some social activities draw attention.
Social advancement requires aggressive stupidity and criminal behavior.
A social affair is gathering
Social affair provides insight to big changes at the work place.
Social affair provides valuable contacts.
Social agencies have policies which guide their operations and activities.
Social agents are never 'humans' in general.
Social aggression is almost exclusively a male characteristic.
Social aggression is characterized by a dog that demonstrates a deep grumbling bark.
Social alienation is highest for fifth graders and is higher for boys than for girls.
Social allowances are available to the destitute.
Social analysis includes a study of the demographics of the customer base.
Social analysis is important.
Social analysis is the systematic study of individual and social behavior.
Social analysis is the systematic study of individual and social human behavior.
Social analysis is the systematic study of individual and social human behaviors.
Social animals are gsocial h and live together because they are linked by a common force.
Social animals can hunt in packs, gain safety in numbers or even learn from each other.
Social animals have morality.
Social animals live and work together for the good of the group.
Social animals live together in groups.
Many social animals form linear dominance hierarchies, with a clear rank order among group members.
Many social animals work out a hierarchy, and the chicken is no exception.
Most social animals seem to have some similar sorts of behaviors.
A social anthropologist is an anthropologist
Social anthropologists are anthropologists.
Social anthropologists concentrate on politics, social structure, and economic organization.
Social anthropologists point out that man, across all cultures, is a game-playing animal.
Social anthropologists study cultural diversity in western and non-western societies.
Social anthropologists study the full range of human societies, cultures, beliefs, and institutions.
Social anthropology introduces notions of network analysis.
Social anthropology introduces notions of networkanalysis.
Social anthropology is a science.
Social anthropology is about what people do.
Social anthropology is anthropology
Social anthropology is anthropology.
Social anthropology is the study of social relationships of groups.
Social anxiety doesnt just affect a person's social life, however.
Social anxiety is a learned response and habit that can be broken.
Social anxiety is a progressive problem.
Social anxiety is all-encompassing.
Social anxiety is among the least understood, and most misdiagnosed problem in the world today.
Social anxiety is associated with a negatively distorted view of one's own voice.
Social anxiety is many times mixed up with panic disorder.
Social anxiety is severe pathological shyness, stemming from fear of rejection and humiliation.
Social anxiety is the fear of social situations that involve interaction with other people.
Social anxiety is the third largest psychological problem in the United States today.
Social anxiety permeates all of a person's life.
Social anxiety ranges from mild to severe.
Social anxiety responds to a comprehensive program of cognitive-behavioral therapy .
Social appetites can lead into trouble just as bodily appetites.
Social applications reach out to touch peoples hearts more than their minds.
Social approval creates conformity.
Social areas are also evident along other socio-economic dimensions.
All social areas overlook the deep blue ocean.
All social arrangement is beneficial to the dominant class.
Social aspects concerning the region are also relevant.
Social assistance does provide some extra money for school supplies.
Social assistance is a program of general application.
Social assistance is based on monthly reporting and verification.
Social assistance is meant to cover the housing costs of clients.
Social assistance is non-repayable, even if a claimant later becomes prosperous.
Social assistance is social insurance
Social assistance uses a needs test, however, and family allowances have no financial test at all.
Social associations are equal before the law.
Social attachment is just as vital to human beings.
Social attention is every bit as addictive as drugs.
Social attitudes can make laws difficult to enforce.
Social attitudes make disability a handicap.
Social attitudes make the field of hooking difficult to document.
Social audits are the most effective.
Social balance is achieved on the basis of a balance of interests.
Social bands cover food for three days.
Social bats cluster in groups in sheltered places such as caves, hollow trees, and under roofs.
Social bearings realize social grids that produce the social landscape.
Social bees live in colonies.
Social behavior assists animals to cope with circumstances of confinement.
Social behavior comprises a major portion of bottlenose dolphins' daily activities.
Social behavior involves individuals.
Social behavior is an inborn behavior.
Social behavior is defined as an interaction that involves a. b. c. d. several species.
Social behavior is frozen into a number of separate roles.
Social behavior is learned.
Social behavior is organized by social relationships.
Social behavior is refined and polished.
Social behavior is related to single housing experience in adult male macaques.
Social behavior is semi-social.
Social behavior is the interaction among animals of the same species.
Social behavior is the key factor in compliance-related law suits.
Social behavior is very eloquent.
Social behaviors are widespread in nature.
Social behaviors involve relationships between individuals of the same species.
All social behavior is done through interaction.
Most social behavior involves individuals.
Most social behavior is of an operant nature .
Most social behavior occurs in groups.
Much social behavior requires a complex and abstract appreciation of the social setting.
Some social behavior includes grooms.
Social behaviour is harder than most to study in the laboratory without making it artificial.
Social beings do enjoy helping others out in a pinch.
Social benefit is a primary funding consideration.
Social benefits are extremely low, and unpaid pension arrears are increasing.
Social benefits are hard to get because the disease is often underestimated.
Social benefits are helpfulness, pride in group achievement and sportsmanship.
Social benefits are less than costs.
Social betterment is like the advance of science in that each achievement opens up new requirements.
Social blindness is unable to see the social opportunities for a higher psychological effort.
Social bonds are maintained via grooming and sharing of food.
Social bonds develop among people working together as a group.
Social bonds dissolve.
Social bonds enhance reproductive success in male macaques.
Most social bonds occur between adult females and their dependent and weaned offspring.
Social borders start where social relationships end.
Social breakdown can be dire.
Social breakdown is evident in the form of increased theft and vagrancy.
Social breakdowns are a lot like to the perturbations which precede a sudden whole-system shift.
Social breakdowns have deeper roots than hunger, frustration or anger.
Social brokerage is a competitive business.
Social calendar is non-active.
Social calendars can always get worse.
Social calls coordinate foraging in greater spear-nosed bats.
Social campaigns are developmental and they go through phases.
Social capital brings the ability of people to work together for common purposes.
Social capital can affect both formal and informal financial systems.
Social capital can become a potent economic force.
Social capital can help to mitigate the insidious effects of socioeconomic disadvantage.
Social capital consists of relationships of trust among people who solve problems together.
Social capital dampens the effects of uncertainty about future income.
Social capital depends on an ethic of personal responsibility.
Social capital develops where people have a collective problem to solve.
Social capital enhances the benefits of investment in physical and human capital.
Social capital facilitates exchanges of resources and skills across sectors.
Social capital has application across the discipline of agricultural economics.
Social capital has to be voluntary.
Social capital helps firms protect themselves against such risks in a cost-efficient manner.
Social capital is a lot like real capital .
Social capital is a lot like real capital.
Social capital is a metaphor.
Social capital is a promising area of intervention.
Social capital is a public good.
Social capital is also a strong predictor of personal heath.
Social capital is an essential ingredient of stronger communities and a healthy society.
Social capital is created when people associate together for a range of different purposes.
Social capital is defined as mutual trust.
Social capital is defined as the social structure which yields cooperative trade as an equilibrium.
Social capital is defined in several ways and the learned people disagree on the definitions.
Social capital is far harder to accumulate than physical capital.
Social capital is important to health in that positive social support can aid recovery from illness.
Social capital is multifaceted.
Social capital is reduced first and foremost by the weakening of father-child connections.
Social capital is the ability of community members to work together.
Social capital is the benefit that accumulates when people get together and talk.
Social capital is the formal and informal connections that link people in a community.
Social capital is the free exchange of ideas and concepts between our people.
Social capital is the productive capacity inherent in relationships between people.
Social capital is the relationship between people that enable institutions to function.
Social capital is thus critical to prosperity.
Social capital is very important.
Social capital is vital for solving social problems.
Social capital refers to a community's social connectedness and civic engagement.
Social capital refers to important features of social life in a community.
Social capital refers to networks that provide social resources for their members.
Social capital refers to the norms and networks that enable collective action.
Social capital resides in people.
Social cards are free for senior citizens and reduced for students.
Social care has a unique contribution to make to the public services.
Social care is an obligation for social assistance for elderly.
Social casework is viewed as the process of problem solving.
Social categorization affects recall of ingroup and outgroup members' attitudes.
Social categorization reduces the complexity of the social world.
Social catering is more of a word of mouth growth experience.
Social causes are a good example.
Social causes are almost never at issue, and there are few remedies beyond incarceration.
Social change begins at home.
Social change begins with a vision, but becomes reality with dedication and organization.
Social change can be potent in evoking conflict.
Social change can become insular, less able to affect the outside world.
Social change can come from either direction.
Social change challenges one of the most fundamental human relationships, the family.
Social change changes things.
Social change comes when many individuals act together.
Social change happens one person at a time through one small action at a time, one action every day.
Social change has to come from the bottom up.
Social change has to start somewhere.
Social change has to take place over the long term.
Social change is a cultural as well as political goal.
Social change is a phenomena of our times.
Social change is a slow and arduous process.
Social change is also evident through an increase of non-violent civil disobedience.
Social change is an interactive process affecting the entire social system.
Social change is driven by a variety of factors.
Social change is easier on everyone concerned if it is made swiftly.
Social change is just a click away.
Social change is never entirely pleasant.
Social change is possible through the arts and humor.
Social change is slow to come, but it is time for social change on the issue of the death penalty.
Social change is sometimes intentional but often unplanned.
Social change is the flip side of social stability.
Social change is the result .
Social change is the result.
Social change is too continuous and rapid.
Social change makes people uncomfortable, even the people who want to see that change.
Social change occurs as the result of leadership.
Social change occurs at least in part because of the university.
Social change occurs both as gradual accretions of forces, and as cultural explosions.
Social change occurs in obvious and subtle ways, at the level of population and family units.
Social change occurs when innovative practices are adopted by a critical mass.
Social change plays a role, too.
Social change requires a critical mass of support.
Social change requires efforts from both sides.
Social change requires focus.
Social change requires more than just anonymous postings or momentary efforts.
Social change takes many forms in modern society.
Social change takes time and consistency.
Social change takes time, but attitudes are changing.
Social change takes time.
Social change tends to be very slow with in many conservative denominations.
Social changes are another reason.
Social changes are dove-tailing with the new desires of older workers.
Social changes are often minimal.
Social changes are shifts in relationships.
Social changes come with economic decline in some regions of the empire.
Social changes continue a rapid rate, both at home and abroad.
Social changes lag behind.
Social changes lead to political changes.
Social changes occur slowly.
All social change begins first with changes in public awareness, reflected later in laws.
All social change leads to some losers among the presumed many winners.
Many social changes await the Amish, as well.
Social charity is nothing else than Christian charity applied to the social relations of man.
Social choice is a little-known area of mathematics accessible to middle and high school students.
Social circles are abuzz today with news of the intruder's terribly rude behavior.
Social circumstances remain far more important.
A social class is a people
Social class dictates which medical services are available to an individual.
Social class has much to do with the way people buy and use products.
Social class influences many aspects of our lives.
Social class is a fundamental dimension of inequality in modern society.
Social class is a good example of a trait that is often confused with racial essence.
Social class is a major factor in infant mortality, both historically and today.
Social class is based on power.
Social class is intimately related to economic status.
Social class plays an important role in initial skills, also, something missed by all of the others.
Social classes are less and less relevant collectives.
Social classes are out of control in schools.
Social classes removed from poverty status tend to demonstrate fewer problems with self-esteem.
Social cleavages underlie other unresolved problems in school reform.
A social club is association
Social clubs involve a large majority of Harding students.
Social clubs involve students who share a common interest and enjoy the same sport.
Some social clubs have very ornate ceremonies.
Social codes appear in terms of honor throughout the chapter.
Social codes govern theft, property rights, matters relating to individual liberty and obligation.
Social cohesion can only come from consensus.
Social cohesion depends on voluntary, gift work.
Social cohesion involves a sense of mutual commitment among citizens.
Social cohesion is a societal project which transcends all the institutions in a society.
Social cohesion is about shared values, but it is also about re-distributional issues.
Social cohesion is also in danger in developing countries.
Social cohesion is when religion helps to strengthen the bonds among people.
Social cohesion needs values and some values simply work better than others.
Social cohesion requires a population that is tolerant, literate and committed to civic communities.
Social cohesion works both ways.
Social cohesiveness refers to the bonds of interpersonal attraction that link team members.
Social comments tie into the classroom creating an atmosphere to learn.
Social commentary is always easier when one element is removed.
Social commentators decry the disintegration of modern family life.
Social commentators say the conversion is taking political overtones.
Some social commentators claim that a reverse effect is now noticeable.
Some social commentators claim that women are genuinely the stronger sex.
Social committee has documentation of what has to happen to make the potluck work.
Social communication is the new global form of love of neighbour and people.
Social communication skills a.k.a.
All social communication is.
Social comparison is the engine of our celebrity and media-saturated culture.
Social comparison occurs when no objective, physical comparison can be found.
Social comparisons are even more pronounced in adolescence.
Social competence is also of great importance.
Social competence is the degree to which children adapt to their school and home environments.
Social competence is valued as an important learning outcome for students.
Social competencies enable apprentices to participate in the work organization.
Social competencies involve teamwork, responsibility, and business practices.
Social competition is consequently present in every conceivable mode of social organization.
Social concern influences choices.
Social concern leads to conservation.
Social concern leads to forest conservation.
Social concerns are a pressing issue for women in Germany.
Social concerns can be another focus for design problem solving.
Social concerns emerge every day.
Social concerns focus on women and children issues.
Social concerns range from education and relief to matter of clothing and television.
Most social concern leads to conservation.
Most social concern leads to forest conservation.
Social conditions are chaotic and dire.
Social conditions are much better in Russia than in, say, Ukraine.
Social conditions are similar in every major urban area.
Social conditions are usually good.
Social conditions change.
Social conditions prevent youths from achieving legitimate success.
Some social conditions lead women.
Social conditioning seems to more than make up for much of the lower hormone levels.
Social conflict continues because of their opportunistic and irresponsible attitudes.
Social conflict exists in town because of fundamental background differences between town members.
Social conflict has to be considered in a cultural context.
Social conflict is a multi-faceted phenomenon.
Social conflict is an integral element of change, and results in a new situation of dynamic balance.
Social conflict is the struggle for agency or power in society .
Social conflict is then a manifestation of unintegrated individuals, of anomie.
Social conflicts are imaginary constructs.
Some social conflict occurs in schools.
Social conformity is more important than the development of individual idiosyncrasies.
Social connections are friendly.
Social connections are what alumni clubs are all about.
Social connections help people achieve personal and professional goals and enhance personal health.
Social consciousness involves a recognition of classes and class struggle.
Social consciousness is a mitzvah, a legal obligation.
Social consciousness is at work.
Social consensus regarding energy problems is essential to the sustaining development of humankind.
Social consequences go far beyond the cost of road repairs.
Social consequences teach conflict management.
Social conservatism is the mindset of fear, repression and hate.
Social conservatives are right about school climate being rooted in the overall culture.
Social conservatives credit a rise in the popularity of abstinence.
Social conservatives make up a quarter of the electorate.
Social conservatives tend to say that the reason for crime is criminals.
Most social conservatives fail to consider the effects of homophobia.
Some social conservatives advocate using the state to directly curb immoral behavior.
Some social conservatives are frustrated.
Social consideration depends on one's birth.
Social considerations are far more important.
Social constraints are objectively real.
Social constraints can be a major barrier to innovation.
Social construction is an all-purpose method of relativizing any object of criticism.
Social constructivism corresponds to the postmodern view, linking reality with power.
Social constructivism sees scientific knowledge as unavoidably value laden.
Social constructivists consider diseases to be states to which society takes a negative attitude.
Social constructivists disregard the concept that emotions are universal.
Social constructivists emphasize the construction of an agreed-upon, socially constructed reality.
Social contact appears to improve old people s lives.
Social contact facilitates cultural transmission.
Social contact is another example.
Social contact is clearly impossible for sows confined in stalls and tethers.
Social contact is emphasized.
Social contact is essential, right from the start.
Social contact is necessary, but communication is often characterised by impatience and aggression.
Social contact is of prime importance for the well being of everyone including the mentally ill.
Social contact is reduced and they feel even more isolated and hopeless.
Social contact is the best source of entertainment, of course.
Social contact synchronizes free-running activity rhythms of diurnal palm squirrels.
Social contact varies from dealing with constant enquiries to back room computer work.
Social contacts are a crucial point in learning situations.
Social contacts are necessary parts of the networks used to find professional jobs.
Social contacts are valuable ways to receive verbal and non-verbal feedback from our peers.
Social context affects how rhesus monkeys explore their environment.
Social context is all, especially when it comes to using the Internet for information and education.
Social context is all-important.
Social context is at the center of participatory education.
Social context is necessary.
A social contract is agreement
Social contract is currently fashionable, in the ebb and flow of on-line political debate.
Social contracts are valid only when continually, individually reaffirmed.
Social contracts govern exchanges.
Most social contracts govern exchanges.
Social control becomes highly regulated based upon an appropriate technology.
Social control begins in terms of force and authoritarianism.
Social control includes all of the processes by which people define and discipline deviant behavior.
Social control is a group action
Social control is exercised by a tribal council of men that are selected from the various clans.
Social control is exercised through religion.
Social control is functional, but bond between individual and group is weak.
Social control is group actions.
Social control is largely on the informal level, and disputes are settled by the interested parties.
Social control is obtained through negotiation.
Social control is the flip side of deviant behavior.
Social control is the reproduction of the culture of dominant groups in a society.
Social control is therefore a soft security mechanism.
Social control is unified and coherent.
Social control is when religion encourages the people to comply to social norms.
Social control relies on people's tacit support.
Social controls define deviance, just as victims define criminals, according to social attributes.
Social controls express definitions of deviance by sanctioning people defined as deviant.
Social convention is rejected in favour of the ecstatic and the immediate nature of experience.
Social conventions are a way of ordering society.
Social conventions are mostly British influenced.
Social conventions change slowly.
Social conventions have their place.
Social conventions Shaking hands is the normal form of greeting.
Social conversation is very important.
Social conversions are much more traumatic.
Social cooperation is necessary for survival.
Social cooperation is, of course, itself a means.
Social cooperation requires a shared discourse.
Social costs are hard to measure.
Social costs are real.
Many social costs are external to the market.
Social courtesies are often fairly formal.
Social creation is in the form of institutions and products human beings have invented.
Social creatures have emotion.
Social creatures live in packs.
Most social creatures have emotion.
Most social creatures live in packs.
Some social creatures establish dominance.
Some social creatures live in colonies.
Social criticism is also part of the dream stage.
Much social criticism is little but the expression of reactive self-justification.
Social culture grows from it.
Social culture is much more important in Mexico than in the United States.
Social currency is like a good joke.
Social custom gives way to the great urgency of the message.
Social custom is another factor contributing to the rise of alcoholism in Russia.
Social customs are different in different parts of the world.
Social customs are quite conservative in Jordan.
Social customs constrain men-women interaction.
Social dance follows.
Social dance is about being partnered, being partners is also a part of our lives.
Social dance is primarily for the dancers.
Social dance provides a glimpse into so many different aspects of history.
Social dances end with the walk dance, representing the beginning of the journey home.
Some social dances remain open.
A social dancing is a dancing
Social dancing are dancing.
Social dancing involves social skills.
Social dancing is a truly universal activity.
Social dancing is about being able to get on the floor and enjoy being able to dance.
Social dancing is an activity enjoyed by all.
Social dancing is just that.
Social dancing is perhaps the best kept secret there is about how to meet the opposite sex.
Social dancing is the ideal mixer activity for any energetic group.
Social dancing is the opposite of modern dancing by definition.
Social dancing rounds out the lead-follow skills.
Social decay is mirrored by political depravity.
Social defence is a nonviolent alternative to military defence.
Social defence is theoretically achievable through the normal democratic processes of our society.
Social defense is substantially different.
Social democracy can work if the proper measures are put in place.
Social democracy is a form of socialism that tries to mix parts of communism with capitalism .
Social democracy is a form of socialism that tries to mix parts of communism with capitalism.
Social democracy is dead in Canada.
Social democracy is discussed in so far as it relates to Marxist or Communist movements.
Social democracy is equally complicit in the mass murder of the Iraqi people.
Social democracy is ideology
Social democracy is the extensive delivery of income, goods and services by the state.
Social democracy is the new right.
Social democrats affirm the primacy of democracy over the market.
Social democrats are now in power in Britain, France, Germany and Italy.
Social democrats are political parties.
Social democrats believe in private enterprise and the benevolent state.
Social density refers to how many people inhabit the space.
Social deterioration is noted in nearly half the survivors.
Social determinism is the theory that society is an autonomous force that changes technology.
Social development accompanies the individualized emphasis.
Social development begins in a child's early years.
Social development begins with change from elitist to communal thought patterns.
Social development demands more of our attention and our resources.
Social development goes hand in hand with human rights.
Social development Identify social developmental characteristics.
Social development involves restructuring.
Social development is a global task that requires attention between all countries and societies.
Social development is a very broad concept, and it has far reaching consequences.
Social development is about empowerment of human person.
Social development is an important aspect of every young person's life.
Social development is close to the hearts of most.
Social development is especially important right now.
Social development is essential for success in school and in life.
Social development is evident in lessons in which they do cooperative activities or group work.
Social development is important.
Social development is just as important as academic skills.
Social development is slow and the municipal authority is blamed of indifference.
Social development is the way a child learns to work, play and interact with other people.
Social development is viewed as an integral part of each child's development.
Social development means learning how to relate to others.
Social development pertains to how individuals interact with others and obtain a self image.
Social development promotes people's well-being alongside a dynamic process of economic development.
Social development refers to a child's ability to get along with other people.
Social development remains a complex phenomenon that brings into play a multiplicity of factors.
Social development remains at a very low level.
Social development requires action by member states, at the national and local level.
Social development requires investment in basic education, especially for women.
Social dialogue is a well-accepted strategy worldwide.
Social dialogue is also fundamental to the achievement of each of the strategic objectives.
Social dialogue is considered a non-stop constructive process.
Social dialogue is most essential at the moment.
Social dialogue needs to be encouraged during the process of adjustment.
Social differences are bigger than ever.
Social differences are evident from time to time and place to place.
Many social differences remain, though.
Social differentiation is a universal characteristic of human societies .
Social dilemmas come in two forms, including commons dilemmas and public goods dilemmas.
Social disadvantage makes it much harder for the patient and the physician.
Social discourse helps students change or reinforce their ideas.
Social discourse is encouraged between students and students and between the teacher and students.
Social discrimination tends to be associated with economic discrimination.
A social disease is contagion
More social diseases is scarcely something to brag about in polite company.
Social disengagement is a risk factor for cognitive impairment among elderly persons.
Social disequilibrium characterizes the postmodern condition.
Social dislocation is real.
Social disorder is handled more efficiently in nonfiction, journalism or seductively moving images.
Social displacement follows hard on the heels of technological revolution.
Social distance varies from time to time.
All social distinctions fall away in the large crowd of participants.
Social distractions become particularly potent.
Social distress is a di-force, which makes people behave very incoherently.
Social diversity is a major determinant behind people s inclusion and exclusion.
Social documentaries are successful when there is conflict and tension to be resolved.
Social dogs provide the loving, nonjudgmental interaction known as pet-facilitated therapy.
Social dolphins stick together.
Social dominance is defined as priority of access to resources.
A social drinker is a juicer
Social drinkers are welcome and smoking is permitted on the balconies and in the courtyard.
Social drinkers consume several drinks in succession.
Social drinkers use alcohol without significant mood swings.
Social dynamics are far more complex than any theory can say.
Social dynamics can be self-taught or found in advanced courses.
Social ecologists are anti-capitalist, and advocate the municipalization of the economy.
Social ecology is crucial for creating a culture of peace on the planet.
Social ecology is the study of how human populations organise themselves and their world.
Social education plays an important role in the promotion of lifelong learning.
Social emancipation is an aesthetic process.
Social embarrassment is an inevitable result.
Social empowerment is a goal itself, and a process.
Social encapsulation is the final feature.
Social encounters can lead to wonderful working relationships and unexpected perks.
Social engagement can significantly delay the deterioration and health-related problems.
Social engagement is a critical element in the structure of a nursing home facility.
Social engineers are more upfront in Europe, where people are used to doing what they're told.
Social engineers view man as an animal, complete with animal habits and tendencies.
Social engineering can pose a serious threat to the e-mail system.
Social engineering is different.
Social engineering is essentially a con game.
Social engineering is older vision.
Social engineering is so detailed and complex that it is now social micro-engineering.
Social engineering is the human component of a hack or a scam.
Social engineering refers to the attempt to reshape human interaction in a preplanned way.
Social engineering wants bikes off the road.
All social engineering is preceded by verbal engineering .
Social enrichment is just one of the many fringe benefits from living on an interest house floor.
Social enterprises creating new 'green collar' jobs represent a real win-win situation.
Social entities are more powerful today than they ever have been.
Social entrepreneurs are fantastic at assessing the emotional needs of key stakeholders.
Social entrepreneurs are people-orientated in their business concept and execution.
Social entrepreneurs distinguish themselves by lending a different perspective to chronic problems.
Social entrepreneurs seek and stimulate transformation of the status quo.
Some social entrepreneurs make reality.
Social environment is centred round human beings.
Social environment is the stepping-stone to higher learning.
Social environment plays an important part in shaping attitudes.
Social environments affect functions.
Social environments are environments.
Social environments are very noisy.
Social environments deal with coalitional moves.
Social environments shape genetic influences on intelligence.
Social environments work in a similar way.
Most social environments affect functions.
Social equality is a fundamental aspect of most social processes.
Social equality is against nature.
Social equality is considered normative.
Social equality presupposes the equality of all persons.
Social equality sets in, and so does cultural equality.
Social equity calls for broader design standards and more accessible environments.
Social escalation is defined as the incorporation of one or more third parties into a conflict.
Social ethics can bring a necessary depth to a strategy against racism.
Social etiquette is stressed.
Social evens are open to everyone.
Social evening tests resolution to go slow on adult beverages.
A social event is an event
Social events allow members and friends to relax from the vigorous academia of college life.
Social events approx one per month.
Social events are a great way to meet the officers and other initiates.
Social events are also a favorite.
Social events are also an essential part of the calendar.
Social events are also part of becoming a well-rounded leader.
Social events are an integral part of the class.
Social events are available to all members.
Social events are events.
Social events are free or inexpensive.
Social events are frequent, and the focus is on family participation.
Social events are great boosts.
Social events are limited to students, faculty, and staff and their invited guests.
Social events are many and varied and occur weekly throughout the year.
Social events are often an important part of such conferences.
Social events are open to everyone and new ideas are always welcome.
Social events are physical events.
Social events are popular.
Social events are still on track - complete details are provided in the link above.
Social events are still the focus of each evening.
Social events are to conform to recognized standards of good taste and conduct.
Social events are, without a doubt, a fun and rewarding portion of the program.
Social events bring club members together for fun, recreation and friendship.
Social events can provide an opportunity for staying in touch.
Social events facilitate networking.
Social events give patients a chance to meet with their peers, often forming lifelong friendships.
Social events help foster pride and school loyalty.
Social events help promote the friendship of our fraternity.
Social Events Join other interpreters, students and members of the deaf community.
Social events loom as signals of completion of another day's activity.
Social events offer invaluable networking opportunities.
Social events permit SNBE members to get acquainted with each other in a relaxed atmosphere.
Social events provide opportunities to meet and share ideas with students from around the country.
Social Events See the events page.
Social events take place on a regular basis, each with a safer sex component.
Social events vary in formality from evenings at the theater to softball games.
All social events are common.
All social events are free for registered participants.
All social events are smart casual.
Many social events are actually fundraisers for charity.
Many social events take place within the suites throughout the year.
Some social events take place between meetings.
Social evolution is a slow process.
Social evolution is as dynamic as biological evolution.
Social evolution needs to be examined in relation to the distinct environments of each society.
Social exchange appears to be an ancient, pervasive and central part of human social life.
Social exclusion can adopt different forms.
Social exclusion can impact on the unemployed or the homeless, the disabled or the elderly.
Social exclusion has obvious effects on welfare spending and tax revenues.
Social exclusion is a popular phrase today.
Social exclusion is a term that refers to a range of complex social problems.
Social exclusion is about institutions and actors.
Social exclusion is still another feature of poverty.
Social exclusion is still the lived experience of large numbers of people.
Social exclusion is the current generic term.
Social exclusion leads to despair and alienation.
Social exclusion refers to the continued, ongoing, ever-present loneliness and isolation.
Social existence is both material and symbolic.
Social existence is the expression of material life and meaning in the universe.
Social expectations are high, since the student stays as a member of the family.
Social expectations make unwanted pregnancy more likely to occur and harder for women to bear.
Social expediency is a valuable consideration.
Social expenditure has a long gestation period, and contributes to human capital development.
Social experience affects the process and outcome of vocal ontogeny in two populations of cowbirds.
Social experience develops emotions, behavior, etc.
Social experience has a very strong influence over the development of singing.
Social experiences are important for kids, say organizers.
Social experiences are like that.
Social fabric can differ radically from community to community.
Any social fabric can take only so much patchwork.
Social facades fall and reveal the beasts that lie within.
Social facts are widely shared aspects of society.
Social facts are, in a word, statistical.
Social facts come into existence through human construction.
Social facts exist because of human sociability.
Social factors affect health.
Social factors affect responses.
Social factors appear to play an important role.
Social factors are a major factor in perception.
Social factors are also a major cause for people s aggression.
Social factors are also at work.
Social factors are also important for the breeding success.
Social factors are important as well.
Social factors are the primary reason people do what they do.
Social factors are usually the cause.
Social factors can have as much impact on buying decisions as fuel costs.
Social factors can precipitate suicidal thoughts.
Social factors can serve to facilitate diffusion.
Social factors emphasize cultural perspectives, stigma and the influence of environmental stress.
Social factors influence behavior.
Social factors influence breed success.
Social factors influence success.
Social factors influence the acoustic variability in the long- distance calls of male chimpanzees.
Social factors influence the acoustic variability in the long-distance calls of male chimpanzees.
Social factors play a major role in weight gain.
Social factors play a major role.
Social factors play a significant role.
Many social factors play into teaching and learning.
Most social factors affect responses.
Some social factors affect success.
Some social factors affect use.
Some social factors appear to have enormous impact on violent crime.
Some social factors contribute to breakdowns.
Social feedback is two-way communication between dog and owner.
Social fellowship is promoted through monthly lunches and holiday parties throughout the year.
Social fitness is achieved through practice.
Social forces are the norms and values that characterize a culture.
Social forces can build for years or centuries before events reach a head.
Social forces give direction to racial and familial herit- age.
Social forces shape math attitudes and performance.
Social forces work out their inevitable results as assuredly as natural causes.
Social form remains extremely important in Japanese society.
Social fraternities have additional alcohol regulations.
Most social fraternities recruit shortly after the beginning of each semester.
Social freedom has red lines.
Social freedom is analysed.
A social function is a social event
Social functions allow new students to become acquainted with others on campus.
Social functions are likely to help keep attendance high.
Social functions present unique challenges.
Social functions provide campus-wide activities throughout the school year.
All social functions are an additional charge.
All social functions require a deposit at the time of booking.
Most social functions are held right after work, so there's no time to change.
Some social functions involve just adults and some include the entire family.
Social games are free.
Social gathering follows.
Social gathering is gathering
Social gathering is gathering.
Social gatherings are approximately once a month.
Social gatherings are great for networking and meeting people.
Social gatherings are in high gear.
Social gatherings are on the agenda, too.
Social gatherings are positive.
Social gatherings can detract attention from children who are close to a pool.
Social gatherings including spouses of guild members happen at least once a year.
Social gatherings occur occasionally.
Social gatherings provide families an opportunity to share information and experiences.
Social gatherings result in long days, though.
Social gatherings take place weekly.
Social geography is the study of the spatial nature of social networks.
Social gerontology is the interdisciplinary study of older people.
Social goals take precedence over individual and sectional purposes of profit or advantage.
Social golf is a lot more like most other sports.
Social golfers are most welcome.
Social good is what brings peace to family and society.
Social governance is through village chiefs in widely scattered communities.
Social graces are character traits that have to do with our attitude toward other people.
Social gradation is determbled in the islands by family connections, education,wealth and position.
Social grooming helps maintain friendly relations between baboons.
Social grooming is an important form of social contact.
Social grooming is an important method of maintaining social bonds within the group .
Social grooming is an important method of maintaining social bonds within the group.
Social grooming is extremely important for building relationships.
Social grooming is important in a pride.
Social grooming is thought to help develop and maintain social bonds between animals.
Social grooming is used to strengthen bonds between females.
Social grooming occurs in both family and bachelor groups.
A social group is a group
Social group isa group.
Social groups are also welcome.
Social groups are arranged with a hierarchy of power.
Social groups are friends on a temporary basis.
Social groups are groups.
Social groups are sedentary in a single territory, where they remain all year.
Social groups are stable, with little overlap between adjacent groups.
Social groups collaborate to make sense from experiences.
Social groups consist of one male and several females.
Social groups exist in the form of females and their fawns.
Social groups form in many different ways for many different reasons.
Social groups have a larger behavioral repertoire than less social populations.
Social groups have ex- tensive overlap in home ranges.
Social groups have overlapping but still varying value systems.
All social groups have hierarchy.
Every social group has a type of politics, and every society has a political system.
Every social group has implicit ways and explicit methods to acquire a culture.
Many social groups are uncomfortable with the open discussion of sex and sexual health.
Most social groups give up their campaigns when their issues begin losing steam.
Most social groups have a standard of acceptability.
Most social groups operate informally by consensus or democratic processes of electing officers.
Some social groups have many more members and higher recruitment than others.
Social growth is advanced.
Social growth is considered adequate if a child regularly shows many of the listed attributes.
Every social gulf is bridged.
Social habits vary according to species.
Social harm includes damage to reputation and social or legal standing.
Social harmony is a matter of living in a collective.
Social hassles lead to psychological distress only among people experiencing residential crowding.
Social hatreds are like religious hatreds.
Social health is more than just the absence of social problems.
Social health means to be happy and make others happy too.
Social hierarchies are determined by sex.
Social hierarchies are dissolved and flatter, more egalitarian social organizations emerge.
Social hierarchies are well developed in both sexes.
Social hierarchies exist within bottlenose dolphin groups.
Social historians are interested in the evolution of living conditions.
Social history contains many elements.
Social history includes smoking and occasional alcohol use.
Social history is a relatively recent development in South African historiography.
Social history is almost nil so also are oral histories done in the local community.
Social history is brought to life with special events that take place about every two weekends.
Social history is concerned with relations within families, communities and other social entities.
Social history is emphasized throughout.
Social history is necessary to personalize the development of the Internet.
Social history is primarily concerned with alcohol and tobacco use.
Social history is the history of the everyday experiences and beliefs of ordinary people.
Social history is the study of the times when the ancestor lived.
Social history reveals moderate alcohol and tobacco use.
Social history reveals that the patient is married, has three children, and works as an accountant.
Social history reveals that the patient is retired from an automotive job many years ago.
Social history takes for granted fundamental social and economic conflict in America's past.
Social honor is a scarce commodity.
Social hour following worship is a time for meeting new people and catching up with old friends.
Social hour is open bar.
Social housing can make an important contribution to health.
Social housing is a so common topic in studios that students are even getting bored with it.
Social housing is and always has been marginalized - cheap housing for welfare bums.
Social housing is intended for people with real long-term needs.
Social housing is the preferred method of providing environmental enrichment.
Social humankind holds the flashlight.
Social identities are the social categories or groups to which an individual can claim membership.
Social identity is such a complex and multi-dimensional phenomenon.
Social images can convince teens that being slightly overweight is worse than smoking.
Social impact is long-term.
Social impact is short-term.
Social impacts relate to the role and perception of farming in the wider community.
Social impacts result primarily from changes in employment or land use.
Some social impact includes public safety.
Some social impact includes safety.
Social incentives can also be effective.
Social incentives motivate investors just as much as financial rewards.
Social inclusion can only happen in the context of a national agreement.
Social inclusion is a prerequisite for economic success.
Social inclusion is the priority area for public expenditure and policy-making.
Social inclusion promotes the values of interdependence and community.
Social indicators are always indicators of certain inequalities.
Social indicators are back in vogue.
Social indicators are different.
Social indicators are statistical statements describing social facts.
Social indicators become part of a holistic system for monitoring progress.
Social indicators lack the common referent available to economic indicators.
All social indicators are markedly worse for women than for men.
Social individuals are bound by social normativity, human beings by biological normativity.
Social individuality begins after birth.
Social indoctrination comes in many forms.
Social inequalities contribute to variable health outcomes.
Social inequality is a continuous process because of mutual ignorance.
Social inequality is a universal feature in social structure.
Social inequality is in turn a powerful risk factor for health inequality.
Social inequality is one of the few causes of crime that can be quantified.
Social inequality is the inevitable outcome of the natural inequality of man.
Social inequality leads to perceptions of anomie.
Social inequality stretches wider here than on any other continent.
Social inequities are dim, faraway specks.
Social inertia is a powerful thing.
Social influence can make the unambiguous ambiguous.
Social influence is a normal process of everyday life.
Social influence is a wonderful power.
Social influence is influence.
Social influence is said to be employed by an agent or practitioner upon a target .
Social influences appear to be having a major impact on risks among young gay and bisexual men.
Social influences are extremely powerful.
Social influences are of type a, whereas factors of type b such as diet are non-social in nature.
Social influences can promote or discourage adolescent substance use.
Social influences can significantly contribute to the development of various disorders.
Social influences determine a person's final destiny.
Social influences tend to value the bond a child has with mom to be more important than with dad.
Social informality is important to demonstrate and encourage.
Social information is more abstract and quickly changing than pulling together puzzles.
Social infrastructure is facilities and amenities that are generally provided for public use.
Some social initiatives use palm oil cultivation as part of poverty alleviation strategies.
Social injustice is a risk factor for stress and other illness.
Social injustice stimulates the desire for weapons and provides motivation for war. . . .
Social injustices make people feel deceived and disappointed.
Social innovations can come about as changes in life style, economics, management or policies.
A social insect is an insect
Social insects are also a powerful metaphor for artificial intelligence.
Social insects are insects.
Social insects have very complicated behavior.
Social insects have very unique habits.
Social insects inspire human design.
Social insects live in colonies.
Social insects live in communities.
Social insects live in groups or colonies.
Social insects tend to have higher chromosome numbers.
Social insects tend to have highly complex behaviour.
Every social insect performs a special duty.
Many social insects recognize their kin with the help of chemical signals called pheromones.
Most social insects live in colonies.
Most social insects live in communities.
Some social insects cause damage.
Some social insects live in hives.
Some social insects play important roles.
Some social insects play roles.
Social insecurities can then creep in, even in people who normally feel quite socially adept.
Social instabilities lie at the root of conflicts.
Social instability increases testosterone year-round in a tropical bird.
Social instability is a legitimate concern.
Social institutions can help.
Social institutions play important roles.
Social institutions play roles.
Social institutions take on an undertone of self preservation.
All social institutions commit errors.
Every social institution is based on philosophical assumptions.
Every social institution is brought into line.
Most social institutions have certain standards of behavior that are unique to each institution.
Most social institutions play important roles.
Most social institutions play roles.
Social insurance has a means test.
Social insurance is a class apart.
Social insurance is compulsory for all employed people.
Social insurance is social welfare.
Social insurance is welfare
Social insurance plays an obvious role in satisfying the population's economic security needs.
Social insurance protects everyone against one or another disaster.
Social integration is a complex idea, which means different things to different people.
Social integration is a long-term process.
Social integration is a prelude to learning.
Social integration is considered a central element in eradicating poverty and unemployment.
Social integration is very important to help expand social skills of the disabled children.
Social integration plays a prominent, but indirect role.
Social integrations are the highest development of integrative processes among living units.
Social intelligence can quickly surface consumer insights around food trends.
Social intelligence can surface consumer insights for food and beverage brands in a variety of ways.
Social interaction allows humans to exploit other humans for assistance, teaching, and knowledge.
Social interaction arouses the immune system.
Social interaction becomes a difficult task, and the depressed person often prefers solitude.
Social interaction can be a means to facilitate learning.
Social interaction can optimize numerical balance networks.
Social interaction depends on a degree of trust and openness in relation to fellow human beings.
Social interaction forms the quality of the conscientious reasoning process.
Social interaction has to do with the way in which people act toward or respond to one another.
Social interaction increases overall activity levels.
Social interaction is a basic human trait.
Social interaction is a big part of fantasy league play.
Social interaction is a big part of life for the walrus.
Social interaction is a critical component of caring for elephants.
Social interaction is a natural part of development.
Social interaction is a necessary part of good emotional health.
Social interaction is a necessary part of life and a lot of it occurs in the work environment.
Social interaction is a process combining line and face, or face work.
Social interaction is among the most important aspects of a successful life.
Social interaction is an important factor in the healthy development of girls and young women.
Social interaction is another important ingredient for the overall health of many kinds of pets.
Social interaction is constant, whether in residence halls, dining halls, or elsewhere on campus.
Social interaction is crucial in the game.
Social interaction is divided into three categories, called the triad .
Social interaction is essential in learning to read.
Social interaction is essential to human learning and well-being.
Social interaction is guided by shared meanings.
Social interaction is important right from the start.
Social interaction is key.
Social interaction is made possible, in large measure, by the existence of cultural symbols.
Social interaction is marked by strong gender segregation and respect for age differentials.
Social interaction is necessary for our mental health.
Social interaction is non-sexual relationships, including friendship.
Social interaction is painful and kept to a minimum.
Social interaction is really important.
Social interaction is so necessary, that individuals can go insane if left in isolation.
Social interaction is very common, especially among the young.
Social interaction is very important to young people.
Social interaction is wonderful but demanding.
Social interaction leads to the development of cognition.
Social interaction occurs only a few days for breeding.
Social interaction plays a vital role.
Social interaction provides the context for guiding the child s learning.
Social interaction refers to direct and indirect influence between pairs of observations.
Social interaction relates to life outlook and affects health and longevity.
Social interaction strengthens language skills and promotes cultural understanding.
Social interaction takes a lot of hard work.
Social interactions are common, and the dogs communicate by touch, actions, and vocalizations.
Social interactions are critical to their success.
Social interactions are increased, and productivity at work temporarily goes up.
Social interactions are limited to aggressive interactions between individuals, usually males.
Social interactions are rare.
Social interactions begin to dominate seasonal movements and lobster population distribution.
Social interactions change brain function and behavior in rodents.
Social interactions form the basis of social relations .
Social interactions involve forces that are applied by community participants upon each other.
Social interactions lack it.
Social interactions occur with greater frequency within than between clans.
Social interactions occur within the school setting.
Social interactions seem to provide the opportunities for learning to love.
All social interactions provide opportunities for higher level thinking.
Most social interactions are multigenerational.
Most social interactions are relatively short.
Some social interaction affects performance.
Some social interaction plays critical roles.
Some social interaction plays roles.
Some social interaction requires knowledge.
Social interchange occurs in many ways.
Social interest is the inevitable compensation for all the natural weaknesses of human beings.
Social interests are happily accented tonight.
Social intimacy can also lead to an overwhelming pressure to conform.
Social invention is new applied social science.
Some social inventions take a long time to come to full flower.
Social investment appears to be paying off.
Social investment comes before material investments.
Social investment is abysmal.
Social investment is critical for technological innovation.
Social investment is relatively high and well-targeted.
Social investment makes good financial sense.
Social investment secures high returns over the longer term.
Social investments are now available in virtually every asset class and service category.
Social investments makes good financial sense.
Social investors are concerned about a wide range of issues.
Social investors get attention through shareholder resolutions.
Social involvement starts in preschool years.
Social isolation Abused women are often at home with dependent children.
Social isolation can be a drawback, and the lack of nonverbal cues can hinder communication.
Social isolation can be a warning sign.
Social isolation can be more devastating than the person's impairment.
Social isolation can impact nutrition or contribute to alcoholism, thereby impacting mental state.
Social isolation can lead to depression, even years after the onset of stroke and aphasia.
Social isolation complicates family and support network dynamics.
Social isolation has a huge factor in depression.
Social isolation implies a lack of social networks, absence of visitors and no support systems.
Social isolation includes no eye contact.
Social isolation is a common obstacle to proper nutrition.
Social isolation is a common one.
Social isolation is a common problem for many older adults.
Social isolation is a predictor of child abuse.
Social isolation is a prescription for decline and depression.
Social isolation is a proven risk factor for child abuse.
Social isolation is a risk in suicide.
Social isolation is an early and major hurdle faced by most immigrant youths.
Social isolation is another very major predisposing factor which precedes violence.
Social isolation is common.
Social isolation is one factor many women struggle with.
Social isolation is one of America's biggest problems and the cause of untold psychological stress.
Social isolation is part of the online culture, and there are other dangers, too.
Social isolation is probably the most common symptom for depression.
Social isolation is promoted.
Social isolation is the most pressing problem most disabled persons face.
Social isolation is the single greatest risk for suicide.
Social isolation make one more vulnerable to devastation.
Social isolation rearing effects in monkeys vary with genotype.
Social isolation resulting from fewer daily trips can lead to worsening functional status.
Social isolation tends to exacerbate memory loss.
Some social isolation is experienced by adults.
Social issues appear to be moving up the agenda in a number of countries.
Social issues are an essential aspect of development planning.
Social issues are important, also, but now the magazine has a better balance between the two.
Social issues are key component of physical activity participation.
Social issues are more complex.
Social issues are more difficult to address.
Social issues are one of the places where that relationship is clearest.
Social issues are present in what appears to be a family matter.
Social issues are to be dealt with on a daily basis.
Social issues are very much to the forefront.
Social issues continue to act as important impediments to involvement in exercise by girls.
Social issues continue to be examined through the exhibitions in our galleries.
Social issues derive entirely from the natural history of bees.
Social issues have great importance in our local city council policies and positions.
Social issues have immediacy at Trent.
Social issues occur in the workplace, the marketplace, in standards, and in system design.
Social issues permeate technology, and values permeate social life, including technology.
Social issues relate to the general welfare of society.
Many social issues arise in the care of elderly cancer patients.
Some social issues relate to science.
Social judgement explains data throughout the theory.
Social judgement is very useful, and simple.
Social judgment appears fair, as evidenced by .
Social justice catechizes.
Social justice continues to be a distant goal.
Social justice creates an atmosphere of confidence in securing the social needs of a society.
Social justice demands a more equal opportunity to exploit Earth's resources.
Social justice demands nothing less.
Social justice demands that discrimination based on stigma be stopped.
Social justice demands that people respect one another's property.
Social justice emerges throughout the book.
Social justice happens step by step.
Social justice has a wider ambit.
Social justice implies protection of the weak.
Social justice is a focus throughout the program.
Social justice is a globally valid principle intended to minimize adequately differences in welfare.
Social justice is a millennium concern.
Social justice is a necessity.
Social justice is a paradox and social love is meaningless.
Social justice is a virtue, an attribute of individuals, or it is a fraud.
Social justice is defined by social conditions.
Social justice is linked to the common good and the exercise of authority.
Social justice is one of the important functions of the government.
Social justice is only possible in a context of ecological justice.
Social justice is part of the common heritage of humankind, as are democracy and the rule of law .
Social justice is partly about tackling the divides between rich and poor in Britain.
Social justice is the best solution but it is costly to the wealthy.
Social justice is the expression of human rights in public policy and programs.
Social justice is the gateway to sustainability.
Social justice is to do with fairness.
Social justice is what schools are all about.
Social justice means being entitled to the same rights and services as all other citizens.
Social justice means giving more to the poor, now.
Social justice provides a better ground for democracy to grow and flourish.
Social justice requires it.
Social justice seeks equality of results.
Social justice seems to be lacking in both only to be found in the third parties.
Social justice takes service efforts a step further.
Social justice turns out to be a kind of injustice.
Social knowledge is as important to people as any other form of knowledge.
Social language is the language used to converse with a friend or to complete routine tasks.
Social leaders are dominant-group people with occasional exceptions.
Social leaders are no more aware than the general public of the presence of seminaries.
All social legislation is a perversion of the law.
Social lessons come through children's interactions.
Social liberals claim a rise in the rate of voluntary contraception.
Social liberalism holds that the state's main task is to prevent citizens from harming each other.
Social lies are often necessary to smooth interaction between people.
Social life begins in the dorms, where barbecues, parties, and study breaks are organized.
Social life differs widely between different areas in India.
Social life is a big part of college.
Social life is a reason some students choose to lease their own homes or apartments.
Social life is a very important aspect of the teenage years.
Social life is a zero-sum game.
Social life is also a distraction.
Social life is another aspect of the way of life.
Social life is as varied and busy as a resident wishes.
Social life is as varied as the many clubs and organizations that sponsor events on campus.
Social life is centered entirely on campus.
Social life is encouraged through diverse and well-planned community facilities.
Social life is enhanced with several events each semester.
Social life is essentially practical.
Social life is free and easy and casual dress is usual.
Social life is generally casual, with most informal entertaining done at home.
Social life is hectic.
Social life is important in building brotherhood and having fun.
Social life is important.
Social life is incredibly important, but being responsible is even more important.
Social life is largely limited to private homes and various boat or beach clubs.
Social life is lively.
Social life is on a cell phone and laptop.
Social life is outside.
Social life is outstanding.
Social life is particularly important for residential students whether on or off the campus.
Social life is probably a complex and effective survival strategy.
Social life is rather formal and is steeped in tradition and customs.
Social life is really hectic.
Social life is reasonably informal and conservative sportswear is recommended.
Social life is restricted and circle of friends very tight.
Social life is very important here, and hospitality is highly prized.
Social life is very important to people.
Social life is vibrant with retail shops, restaurants and movie theaters.
Social life looks very promising.
Social life revolves around church activities and the school and the cultural life is library-based.
Social life revolves around school activities and the various expatriate clubs.
Social life revolves around ski wax.
Social life revolves around the high school and sports teams . . .
Social life revolves largely around school and youth activities, banquets, and church events.
Social life tends to center around the pub, though pubs can certainly differ in tone.
Social lives are very overrated anyway.
All social life is essentially practical .
All social life is essentially practical.
Social limitations are just part of life.
Social linguists teach that all dialects have grammar.
Social living can be a benefit when defending and looking after the young.
Social living is a very old standard saying.
Social living is conditioned by power.
Social lubricants provide means to get girls naked and launch rants.
Social maladies call for social remedies.
Social malnourishment is harder to recognize and easier to ignore.
Social mammals recognize each other as individuals, appreciating each other's feelings.
Social manipulation causes copperation in keas.
Social marketers create and develop innovative outreach and educational materials.
Social marketing can be a powerful tool.
Social marketing can include publicity for services and events.
Social marketing involves much more than television advertising campaigns.
Social marketing is a critical element in promoting non-profit and public health programs.
Social marketing is a customer-driven process.
Social marketing is a methodology for promoting social change.
Social marketing is a public event, held in a public place with everybody's money.
Social marketing is a way of using media to promote the desirability of certain values or behavior.
Social marketing is an idea attached to leadership and a passion for change.
Social marketing is based on some research-defined idea of consumer wants.
Social marketing is discussed in detail.
Social marketing is one way to achieve that goal.
Social marketing is widespread.
Social marketing uses commercial marketing methods to achieve social benefit.
Social marketing uses successful techniques of commercial marketers.
Social marketing uses the words and images of the target group to convey the main message.
Social maturity takes more time to achieve than sexual maturity.
Social meaning guides the actors and their interaction.
Social measures refer to broad social policies and actions designed to lower water usage.
Social mechanisms maintain the stock and power of cultural capital however well they are hidden.
Social mediation is also crucial in the religious formation of conscience.
Social media can also be a powerful tool in perpetuating herd behaviour.
Social media can help with the promotional strategies that assist with the product life cycle.
Social media is a great tool to engage.
Social media is a powerful tool of communication.
Social media is an additional channel for building relationships that drive revenue.
Social media is another great way to find a dog .
Social media is more than just the communication of words.
Social media plays a big role when it comes to communication between genders.
Social meetings have ranges from bowling or rollerskeating to movie nights and pot lucks.
Social members are able to participate in fun nights, golf tournaments and all social events.
Social members are eligible for department workers' compensation.
Social members enjoy tennis, swimming and club dining facilities year round, weather permitting.
Social members have access to our equipment and pay a lower fee.
Social members have full use of the club amenities.
Social membership is available to anyone.
Social memberships are available for ten dollars per year and extend membership to the lounge only.
Social memberships are available to corporations and other business entities.
Social memberships tend to indicate an ability to communicate.
Social mentors help with personal development and serve as adult role models.
Social ministry is the heart of the church's mission.
Social mixers are second only to root canals.
Social mobility is a hazardous endeavour.
Social mobility is change of position within the stratification system.
Social mobility is high and allows people to adapt to changing economic conditions.
Social mobility is the ease with which individuals can move up or down a culture's social ladder.
Social mobility remains high.
Every social mode is a conventional lie.
Social model uses shared success.
Social models provide a common ground between the two extremes.
Social modernity is the home of modernist art , even where that art rebels against it '' .
Social monogamy is relatively rare in mammals but common in birds.
Social monogamy is the behavioral pairing of a single male with a single female.
Social morality seeks to enforce outward manifestations of virtue.
Social mores are critically important in shaping human behavior.
Social mores are very important.
Social mores have a way of recycling themselves.
Social mores have changed, sociologists say.
Social mores vary in the world community.
Many social mores become incomprehensible.
Social motivation is so strong.
Social movement is a social group
Social movements are a particularly dramatic form of social change.
Social movements are in our everyday life.
Social movements are influential but secondary to our individual natures.
Social movements are more organized forms of collective action.
Social movements are on the rise in all of Colombia's neighboring countries.
Social movements are the result of external, uncontrollable forces.
Social movements are usually distinct from formally organized political parties or pressure groups.
Social movements begin when people see that they have an actual choice.
Social movements can challenge and change the social order.
Social movements can gradually become formal organizations.
Social movements can prove to be a vicious cycle of violence.
Social movements emerge once in an age.
Social movements have to know how to use it.
Social movements make democracy less accessible to excluded groups.
Social movements occur throughout history and the world, even under the most repressive regimes.
Social movements result mostly from environmental pressures over any other causes.
Social needs are concerned with love, friendship, social status and esteem.
Social needs are satisfied through belonging.
Social needs are the interaction with others, friends, relationships with people.
Social needs reflect the desire for friendship, companionship, and long-term business relationships.
Social network sites have average users.
Social network sites have unique users.
Social network sites have users.
Social networks are a crucial component of a region's economic and political health.
Social networks are an important determinant of labour migration.
Social networks are as much a reality in high-tech fields as in other fields.
Social networks are central to job search and employment security in new media.
Social networks are critical to treatment success.
Social networks are films.
Social networks are graphical models of relationships between groups of people.
Social networks are imperative to happiness.
Social networks are important as buffers to increase immunity to stress.
Social networks are important for watershed councils in organizing and conducting projects.
Social networks are important to the urban poor as a resource for coping with depravity.
Social networks are naturally dependent on the type of neighbourhood.
Social networks are still very important.
Social networks are the key link in developing and diffusing expertise through the organization.
Social networks are vital to a community s framework.
Social networks can increase productivity by reducing the costs of doing business.
Social networks collapse and the employee's mental health suffers, too.
Social networks do exist.
Social networks Establishing social networks is a key factor in successful ageing.
Social networks grow, shift, dissolve and change.
Social networks have a pattern, and the underlying structure is the same across all cultures.
Social networks involve human relations of various kinds.
Social networks play a key role in the various phases of migration and return migration.
Some social networks are held together by the ties of religion.
Social norms are as restrictive to women as Iran's, perhaps more so.
Social norms are great.
Social norms are more flexible, and people get along better with government.
Social norms are much clearer.
Social norms are the standards of behavior that members of a group accept and follow.
Social norms are very rigid and prohibitive.
Social norms give insight into how people can deal with violence.
Social norms governing risk-behaviors within different tribal groups also vary.
Social norms have some drawbacks, though.
Social norms influence reputational effects and consequences for self-conception.
Social norms involve society's rules for what behaviors are considered appropriate.
Social norms regard careers in scientific and technological fields as a male prerogative.
Social norms seem to have been broken because of the electronic element.
Social nudism is a family-oriented activity, weekend recreation for some, a lifestyle for others.
Social nudism promotes a healthy self-concept.
Social nudists are people who like to be with other likeminded people.
Social nudity is also an equalizing experience in other respects.
Social observations are mainly about defects and ab- normalities.
Social observations take on the form of animated characters or hilarious writing.
Many social observers believe that it is.
A social occasion is a social event
Social occasions are often difficult for a person with hearing loss.
Social occasions provide an opportunity to become acquainted with fellow students and faculty.
Social offices are free.
Social opportunities abound, ranging from potluck dinners to work parties.
Social opportunities are limited.
Many social opportunities are available for residents to interact with each other and have fun.
Social order breaks down.
Social order emerges with the concentration of power and ceremony in the hands of a ruler.
Social order exists only as a product of human activity.
Social order is a sacred right which is at the foundation of all other rights.
Social order is based on consensus.
Social order is essential to successful commerce.
Social order is explained.
Social order is maintained by force or implied threat.
Social order is more likely to come from a moral education that instills good character in people.
Social order is pass .
Social order is turned upside down when the most successful people in a community are criminals.
Any social order seems to rest on extremely fragile foundations.
Every social order is based ultimately on expectations.
Social organs form the essence of our appearance.
Social organisation varies widely among the group.
All social organisms cooperate in some degree.
A social organization is a system
Social organization can only take place under the army's control.
Social organization is based on consanguinity.
Social organization is based primarily on kinship.
Social organization is complex, described as being structured into three levels.
Social organization is elaborate.
Social organization is limited to short-term pair bonding.
Social organization originates out of self interest.
Social organization refers to how people are actually arranged within the village.
Social organization regulates the allocation and distribution process.
Social organization revolves around kinship rather than strict social classes or castes.
Social organization varies among the genera, with gorillas and chimpanzees being highly social.
Social organization varies with relation to living space.
Social organizations are systems.
Social organizations can have considerable impact on the policy making process.
Social organizations proliferate but it is clear that they serve individual yearnings.
Any social organization requires some rules.
Most social organizations begin as entities designed to fulfill certain functions and goals.
Some social organizations are similar.
Some social organizations have breeds.
Some social organizations provide defense.
Some social organizations provide effective defense.
Some social organizations serve business.
Social orientation destroys individual freedom, choice, and growth.
Social origin is moderated by social mobility.
Social ostracism is a threat to the teenager's sexual self-image.
Social ostracism is their chief weapon.
Social ostracism raises the returns from having a reputation for cooperating.
Social otters hate to feel left out.
Social outcomes are conceivable of as directly malleable to policy action.
Social outcomes are the result of individual decisions.
Social outreach is a priority.
Social ownership is central to removing the shackles that hold back the economy under capitalism.
Social panic is the by-product of that system.
Social parasites are a special category.
Social parasites form a particular category of parasitic organisms.
Social participation is also an important aspect.
Social patterns are pretty clear.
Social patterns tie people to their culture and culture to nature.
Social peace is indispensable to any project designed to foster unfettered exploitation.
Social peace is, in a nutshell, the social law.
Social people enjoy closeness, sharing, groups, unstructured activity and being in charge.
Social people like to work with people.
Social periods precede dinner and follow the evening session.
Social permissiveness reigns in America right now.
Social personalities prefer to work with other people.
Social personality is a tempero-spacial system.
Social phenomena are even more complex and difficult to isolate.
Social phenomena become a converging point for individual, collective, and cultural stories.
Social phenomena have a large role in science.
Social philosophy becomes in good part an ontology of social science.
Social phobia appears to be diagnosed equally among the sexes.
Social phobia can cause lowered self-esteem and depression.
Social phobia can cause problems at work and in school, as well as in a person's social life.
Social phobia can make it hard for people to have relationships, a social life or even a job.
Social phobia disrupts normal life, interfering with career or social relationships.
Social phobia disrupts normal life, interfering with careers and social relationships.
Social phobia involves a fear of being humiliated, judged, or scrutinized.
Social phobia is a fear of being embarrassed in social or performance situations.
Social phobia is a fear of being extremely embarrassed in front of other people.
Social phobia is a fear of being painfully embarrassed in a social setting.
Social phobia is a fear of going out in social situations.
Social phobia is a persistent disorder that usually has to be helped with medical care.
Social phobia is an extreme form of shyness that cuts people off from human companionship.
Social phobia is anxiety disorder
Social phobia is common .
Social phobia is extreme shyness.
Social phobia is fear of social settings or public places.
Social phobia is mainly a terror of becoming humiliated in situations that include other people.
Social phobia is one of the more common anxiety disorders.
Social phobia is phobia.
Social phobia is selective.
Social phobia is the fear of being publicly scrutinized and humiliated.
Social phobia is the third most common psychiatric disorder.
Social phobia is two times more likely to occur in women than in men.
Social phobia is vastly under-diagnosed.
Social phobias can drive sufferers to drop out of school, avoid making friends, or loose their job.
Social phobias have roots in childhood.
Social phobias involve an extreme fear of being judged by others.
Some social phobias appear to be worsenings of life-long behaviors and personality factors.
Social planning is all about people participating in community-building.
Social planning is based on a careful development of housing construction and economic life.
Social planning is considered as a means for promoting positive mental health.
Social planning promotes a quality of life that creates a balanced community.
Social play includes chasing, mock fights, and sexual play.
Social play is a powerful tool for teaching communication skills, displaying empathy, and sharing.
Social policies are about justice and solidarity.
Social policies are the guiding principles that serve as the foundation for social programs.
Social policies are vital for greater and more widely shared prosperity.
Social policies impinge on many aspects of our lives - including our education, health and security.
Social policies target investments in people and seek to enhance the opportunities available to all.
Social policy can help the poor, but only at the margins as well.
Social policy comes from the legislature and constitution, customs and mores.
Social policy focuses on issues around social justice and humanizing systems.
Social policy is a productive factor and a peacekeeping factor.
Social policy is a productive factor.
Social policy is about a society's strategies for change.
Social policy is about citizens choosing the kind of society they want to live in.
Social policy is about the study of who gets what in society.
Social policy is also practice.
Social policy is central to the concerns of people, and to boosting economic performance.
Social policy is concerned with the distribution of resources between different groups in society.
Social policy is interested in the relationship between people and their environment and nature.
Social policy is placed in a historical and social context.
Social policy is policy
Social policy is policy.
Social policy is the role of government.
Social policy lies somewhere between legislation and education.
Social policy ought to be determined by what produces the greatest good for the greatest number.
Many social policies have a long-term return.
Social portion begins a half-hour before the meeting times.
Social position affects how powerlessness is expressed.
Social poverty includes the lack of educational opportunity and the lack of access to healthcare.
Social power is essential to all social life.
Social power is therefore a subset of the more general concept of outcome power.
Social power is, after all, the result of a transaction.
Social power is, thereby, also created.
Social practice has no sociological content.
Social practice is more than just doing.
Social practices describe the way people behave toward one another.
Social practices differ greatly, as do customs.
Social preference is expressed with public objective function.
Social prejudice helps no one.
Social preparation depends upon the dedication and skills of the field facilitators.
Social presence is stimulated by the fact that other people or beings are in the virtual world.
Social pressure can be a powerful force.
Social pressure can make being a late bloomer tough on kids too.
Social pressure impedes differing views.
Social pressure is also behind genetic testing.
Social pressure is another major reason for quitting.
Social pressure is another reason that individuals join the union.
Social pressure is another tool children use on their parents.
Social pressure is essential for interpersonal coordination.
Social pressure is sometimes hard to resist.
Social pressure leads to confidence.
Social pressure plays a key role.
Social pressure produces drastic solutions, whose cost is borne by all.
Social pressures are a potent maintainer of family cohesiveness and apparent stability.
Social pressures are beyond what adults can really understand.
Social pressures are really high.
Social pressures are the most counter-productive element facing a person trying to stay healthy.
Social pressures are usually to blame when horses challenge fences.
Social pressures discourage many women from having careers.
Social pressures have to be addressed.
Social pressures make it difficult for boys and girls to be authentic with one another.
Social pressures weigh on multiples just as heavily.
Social price becomes less important the longer a couple has been together, they say.
Social principles are as timeless as scientific discovers of truths.
Social problems add to risk for parks.
Social problems affect everyone, indirectly in some cases, directly in others.
Social problems afflicting our young people are well-known.
Social problems are as illusive as a wild, erratic chicken.
Social problems are big problems.
Social problems are complex.
Social problems are difficult.
Social problems are everywhere.
Social problems are human behavior problems.
Social problems are important in their own right.
Social problems are moral problems which ultimately have a spiritual cause.
Social problems are more complex in nature, increasing the burden on the engineering profession.
Social problems are multidisciplinary.
Social problems are often part of a link or connection of relationship problems.
Social problems are our problems.
Social problems are social.
Social problems are the result of public relations .
Social problems are the symptoms, broken families are the illness.
Social problems are too great to fix.
Social problems are, increasingly, globalized.
Social problems can become evolutionary drivers.
Social problems can include poor work performance, financial difficulties and legal problems.
Social problems can sometimes arise following a sexual assault.
Social problems change over time in size, demographic patterning, an nature.
Social problems connected with viruses are as interesting as computer-science related problems.
Social problems don t arise because of the nature of men, but out of the wickedness of governments.
Social problems go beyond frontiers.
Social problems have a bad habit of being complex, with no simple answers.
Social problems have to be attacked in a multi-level, interventive, comprehensive way.
Social problems involve difficulties in coping with other people.
Social problems involve interest.
Any social problem needs to be resolved with better enforcement and education.
Every social problem exists here.
Every social problem is two degrees from the drug war.
Many social problems are simply exaggerated by politicians and the labor groups.
Many social problems arise from policies based upon untested assumptions about the good life.
Many social problems stem from poverty.
Most social problems begin and end in the home.
Most social problems involve interest.
Some social problems contribute to growth.
Some social problems contribute to population growth.
A social process is a human process
Social process is discourse by various means.
Social processes are necessarily slow.
Social processes are very important in both the perception and management of pain.
Most social processes are subject to a similar kind of dynamics.
Social program includes concert, welcome drink, and conference banquet.
Social program is scheduled for accompanying persons.
Social programs are another source of bitter contention between the two parties.
Social programs are often chapter related and offered for a variety of reasons.
Social programs consume most tax money.
Social programs serve several purposes in Canadian society.
Social programs take precedence over tax cuts or debt reduction.
All social programs are now the responsibility of local governments and corporations.
Every social program contains flaws.
Some social programs enhance productivity and thus have the nature of investment.
Social programme is available by request.
Social progress does, in fact, require a generation gap.
Social progress is an exceedingly complex phenomenon, the result of many factors.
Social progress is possible only under complete republican freedom, under full democratic equality.
Social projects run by churches stand at the heart of compassionate Britain.
Social promotion is history.
Social promotion is no longer acceptable.
Social promotion is practiced.
Social promotion is the worst form of false kindness.
Social promotions amount to nothing more than lying, promoting false hopes and empty expectations.
Social promotions don t work either.
Social proof is group hypnosis.
Social proof is the tendency to believe what most people believe.
Social proof provide security to potential customers.
Social proof provides a shortcut to knowledge that guides our actions.
Social prospects pick up.
Social protection covers expenditure on benefits, social services and health care.
Social protection is a productive factor.
Social protection is important for every country represented here.
Social protection is the means to provide security of income and a safe working environment.
Social protection is the route to an inclusive society.
Social protection represents a fundamental component of the European model of society.
Social protest is criminalized in Colombia.
Social protest is one expression of such tension.
Social psychologists are interested in both cultural universals and differences in social behavior.
Social psychologists are the best methodological researchers in psychology.
Social psychologists distinguish between altruism and egoism in the motivation to act prosocially.
Social psychologists emphasize the power of social situations.
Social psychologists examine people s interactions with others and with the social environment.
Social psychologists examine people's interactions with others and with the social environment.
Social psychologists explain human behavior as they interact in social situations.
Social psychologists feel that one s self-concept is structured around a few very important traits.
Social psychologists help groups of people.
Social psychologists provide many different definitions.
Social psychologists strive to collect data to test their ideas.
Social psychologists study how our beliefs, attitudes and behaviors are affected by other persons.
Social psychologists study how our beliefs, feelings, and behaviors are affected by other persons.
Social psychologists study how people influence each other.
Social psychologists study how people interact in groups.
Social psychologists study our thinking and behaviour as influenced by others.
Social psychologists try to describe, explain, predict, and control behavior.
All social psychologists use both the individual and the group as their unit of analysis .
A social psychology is a psychology
Social psychologies are psychologies.
Social psychology concentrates on understanding the social causes of individual behaviour .
Social psychology explains both society and the individual.
Social psychology focuses on human social relationships.
Social psychology includes a broad range of topics concerning how people act in social situations.
Social psychology is a branch of psychology that studies individuals in the social context.
Social psychology is a pretty conservative thing.
Social psychology is a very broad area of scholarship in both sociology and psychology.
Social psychology is an active and vibrant discipline.
Social psychology is an empirically-oriented field with a strong theoretical foundation.
Social psychology is an important application of sociology today.
Social psychology is concerned with the effects of social situations on human behavior.
Social psychology is covered in two chapters.
Social psychology is deceptively simple.
Social psychology is much more than just symbolic interactionism.
Social psychology is studied in both psychology and sociology.
Social psychology is the scientific study of the psychology of interpersonal relationships.
Social psychology is the study of how an individual's behavior is affected by other people.
Social psychology is the study of human behaviour in a social context.
Social psychology is the study of human interaction.
Social psychology is the study of individuals within social situations.
Social psychology is the study of social influence processes.
Social psychology is the systematic application of basic psychological principles to human behavior.
Social psychology looks into how groups of people work together and how societies build and work.
Social psychology makes a small contribution.
Social psychology meets evolutionary psychology.
Social psychology relies more on experimental methods.
Social psychology tends to stimulate class discussion and that is encouraged.
Social quality is the most complex, because it changes so often.
Social quarks add social magnificence to the basic philosophical concept.
Social rank is a preoccupation among males.
Social rank is based on the amount of group aggression.
Social rank is communicated by GG rubbing, mounting, or rump contact.
Social rank is communicated mainly through play and via visual and tactile communication.
Social rank is determined by size, with larger animals being more dominant.
Social rank is generally less important than blood ties.
Social rank is related to age and seniority in the herd.
Social rank is status
Social reading is replaced by social browsing.
Social reality constructs peoples view of the world.
Social reality evolves constantly.
Social reality exists only in connection with the events that create and maintain it.
Social reality turns out to have many layers of meaning.
Social reasons seem to be the largest factor in the lack of student retention.
Social reciprocity is the purpose of attachment.
Social reconstruction is a priority issue which is often ignored in the context of widowhood.
Social reconstruction is the other side of the relief coin.
Social recovery is a more subtle process, however, often extending over a period of years.
Social reform can only come about through individual reform.
Social reform is justified as a national army is justified.
Social reform requires changing the mindset of the people.
Social reform requires the appointment of many officials.
A social reformer is a person
Social reformers tout fresh-air res pites for working women and poor children.
Social regulation is regulation relating health, security and environmental protection.
Social rehabilitation is also essential.
Social rehabilitation is as important as economic rehabilitation.
Social reinforcement can be very effective .
Social reinforcement can be very effective.
Social reinforcement is one of the best types of positive reinforcement.
Social reinforcement is the primary reward for successful pill swallowing.
Social reinforcement makes it easier to establish the fitness habit.
Social reinforcers are the highest level of reinforcer.
Social reinforcers are things that have social value or meaning .
Social reinforcers are things that have social value or meaning.
Social reinstatement is the tendency of an isolated bird to rejoin flockmates.
Social rejection is a common fear when children enter a new environment.
A social relation is a relation
Social relations are an integrated part of people's life.
Social relations are as much the subject of aestheticization as one s character.
Social relations are difficult, thorny.
Social relations are precarious and complicated for the chemically-challenged.
Social relations are relations.
Social relations become relations between things.
Social relations obtain meaning through speech and language.
Social relations turn into casual affairs, organizations become flexible organizing.
Social relationships are a very important part of our lives.
Social relationships are also very important in evaluation.
Social relationships are an integral part of conversations between communication partners.
Social relationships are apt to be somewhat undermined.
Social relationships are diverse in both nature and structure.
Social relationships are extremely important on the individual level.
Social relationships are impaired.
Social relationships are important in providing the environment for that child to succeed.
Social relationships are long-term and monitored for balance.
Social relationships are one such area of psychic cost.
Social relationships are very important to successful stress management.
Social relationships are very important.
Social relationships are voluntary.
Social relationships can be difficult for people with disabilities.
Social relationships can remain intact, based on shared religious practice.
Social relationships provide both instrumental and emotional support.
All social relationships require compromise.
Some social relationships are very short term, but others have considerable permanence.
Social relativism combines order and subjectivity.
Social relevance is an issue that is obviously subject to much debate.
Social religion is perfected when private religion is purified.
Social repercussions can involve crime and teen-age pregnancy.
Social representation is studied through historical commemorations of the colony New Sweden.
Social reproduction occurs because there is continuity in what people do.
Social research consists of a wide range of interdisciplinary subjects.
Social research is a public trust.
Social research is also important in the curriculum of the course.
Social research is always political .
Social researchers consider marriage to be the cornerstone of the family.
Social resistance is the only thing that can prevent a government from totalitarianism.
Social resources are the most important determinant of utilization of services.
Social resources have to do with humans interacting with other humans.
Social response focuses on the areas of education, homelessness, poverty, the elderly and the sick.
Social responses compound the lack of institutional response.
Social responsibility arises through love.
Social responsibility costs money.
Social responsibility develops.
Social responsibility extends beyond investing.
Social responsibility highlights the social and economic effects of management decisions.
Social responsibility influences how marketers build and strengthen relationships with stakeholders.
Social responsibility is a complicated issue.
Social responsibility is a foundation for improvement efforts.
Social responsibility is a high point in African civilization.
Social responsibility is an increasing organizational concern.
Social responsibility is molded by the entire community.
Social responsibility is no longer something a company chooses to do or be.
Social responsibility is one of the pillars of our therapy sessions.
Social responsibility is part of our business.
Social responsibility is taught along with academics.
Social responsibility is the missionary part of intercultural work.
Social responsibility is usually in conflict with the objective of shareholder wealth maximization.
Social responsibility makes sense in purely capitalistic terms.
Social responsibility means different things to different people.
Social responsibility means many things to many people.
Social responsibility refers to business' pursuit of long-term goals that are good for society.
Some social responsibility provides guidance.
Social responsiveness is the capacity of a firm to adapt to changing societal conditions.
Social responsiveness refers to the capacity of a firm to respond to social pressures.
Social restrictions blur the actual time of sexual maturity.
Social revolution is clearly what is called for.
Social revolution is inevitable.
Social revolutions constitute exceptional and dramatic events in human history.
Social rides are relaxed rides.
Social rights are universal franchises, and relate entirely to public privileges.
Social rights are welfare states rights.
Social rights cover a wide field, and include both absolute and conferred rights.
Social rights have to do with health and relations to family members.
Social rituals are important to hunts, although many have fallen into disuse.
Social rituals are important to the development, integration and stabilization of ego.
Social rodents have a wider range of vocalizations than do solitary species.
Social roles emerge from our subconscious.
Social roles provide one of the most convincing explanations of male inexpressiveness.
All social roles have an associated social identity in the self system.
Social rooms are for players who prefer a more casual experience.
Social rooms are open to all members of the residence halls and their guests.
Social rules are somewhat different to western standards.
Social safety is now high on the list.
Social sailing is followed by a barbecue at the clubhouse on Centre Island.
Social schemas are organized clusters of ideas about categories of people.
Social science subjects give insight.
Social science subjects give unique insight.
A social science is science
Social science affirms that a woman's place in society marks the level of civilization.
Social science affirms that woman's place in society marks the level of civilization.
Social science Approaches to American Culture.
Social science approaches to understanding clothing and appearance in contemporary U.S. society.
Social science are science.
Social science are scientific discipline.
Social science comes in two forms, which work together.
Social science confirms medical science.
Social science confirms the importance of marriage for children.
Social science elective other than psychology.
Social science focuses on ancient civilizations and world geography.
Social science involves understanding people and the circumstances that they confront.
Social science is a highly integrated set of disciplines.
Social science is a markedly different discourse from physics.
Social science is a social enterprise.
Social science is about people s interactions.
Social science is about people's interactions.
Social science is also a science or, at least, an aspiring one.
Social science is hard.
Social science is important in improving the functioning of a modern democracy.
Social science is important to park management in several ways.
Social science is maintained at a minimal college level.
Social science is perhaps the ideal discipline in which to use an open-ended assessment.
Social science ought to do more of that.
Social science tends to deal with symbolic data rather than numeric one.
Social sciences are as acceptable as the hard sciences.
Social sciences are especially tricky.
Social sciences are interdisciplinary in nature.
Social sciences deal with interactions between people.
Social sciences deal with matters concerning societies and their citizens.
Social sciences have a role here that religions seek to limit, or intrinsically see as limited.
Social sciences is a large, diverse collection.
All social sciences overlap.
Every social science requires such a reconstruction.
A social scientist is a scientist
Social scientists are detectives at heart.
Social scientists are scientists.
Social scientists are to move closer to having their own academy.
Social scientists are workers.
Social scientists begin to look at the overall picture regarding the ambiance of society as a whole.
Social scientists call our longing for belonging assimilation, affiliation or social webbing.
Social scientists can help to overcome difficulties.
Social scientists can no longer pretend that love exists only as a modern delusion.
Social scientists collect primary data that is often analyzed using statistical software.
Social scientists define culture as the holistic style.
Social scientists disagree on the future of labeling theory.
Social scientists document rising rates of teen pregnancy and juvenile crime.
Social scientists employ theories.
Social scientists examine the social world using a variety of approaches.
Social scientists follow suit with systematic surveys and studies of so-called racial experiences.
Social scientists have a concept called social capital.
Social scientists have a plethora of explanations for the decline of civility.
Social scientists love to communicate using statistics.
Social scientists say ex-prisoners who gain employment are less likely to commit crimes again.
Social scientists say the American family is in a state of crisis.
Social scientists speak of 'the vicious circle' of prejudice and discrimination.
Social scientists speak out on Palm Beach vote count.
Social scientists study all parts of human society.
Social scientists study and conduct research for many different areas of society.
Social scientists study behavior.
Social scientists study human behavior.
Social scientists study the way people act.
Social scientists test research hypotheses through making observations or conducting experiments.
Social scientists use interviews and surveys to collect information.
Social scientists work in many different areas.
Social scientists work in muddy information arenas.
All social scientists are eligible and are encouraged to apply.
Many social scientists believe that as the family goes, so goes social control.
Many social scientists report that the future belongs to the vast masses of Asia.
Many social scientists seem to find that hard to accept.
Most social scientists agree on the the crucial role of the ideological factor in Soviet history.
Most social scientists distinguish gender from sex.
Most social scientists employ theories.
Most social scientists have regular hours.
Most social scientists regard scientific racism as dead.
Most social scientists say beating adolescents, toddlers or babies has bad results.
Most social scientists study human behavior.
Some social scientists describe approaches.
Some social scientists do fieldwork.
Some social scientists find behavior.
Some social scientists identify characteristics.
Some social scientists see roles.
Social screens differ significantly from fund family to fund family.
Every social script needs to be updated, adjusted, or thrown out as the circumstances indicate.
Social search allows handling of bureau products for searches by social security number.
Social security affects everyone.
Social security can be a heavy burden.
Social security comprises superannuation, health and unemployment insurance.
Social security has a base of protection for low-income individuals, but almost no saving.
Social security has the full vote of the Democratic party.
Social security has the payoff characteristics of an annuity.
Social security has two programs.
Social security including pension insurance is regulated by law.
Social security is a minority issue.
Social security is a tax every worker pays into the system to save for retirement.
Social security is almost absent in Turkey.
Social security is based on solidarity.
Social security is governed by other administrative measures.
Social security is intended to anchor a three-legged retirement tripod.
Social security is just one example.
Social security is more than monthly retirement benefits.
Social security is no longer a political conflict.
Social security is only applicable to local PRC national employees.
Social security is paid.
Social security is social insurance.
Social security is the bane of individual liberty.
Social security is the major source of retirement income for the majority of women.
Social security is the most regressive, it's a tax on jobs.
Social security is the most successful social program of our time.
Social security is the only thing that keeps the elderly afloat.
Social security is usually one of the most important topics on the minds of retirees.
Social security is, therefore, often the only source of income for many older women.
Social security needs to be dependable and secure.
Social security needs to be helped, and soon.
Social security pays back substantially more than what is put in.
Social security provides protection and safety net.
Social servants plant a tree and get mad if there's no fruit in a week.
A social service is work
Social service can be very rewarding and a lot of fun, but it is a commitment.
Social service can bring a lot of satisfaction and sense of achievement.
Social service is just one area where privatization is likely to increase in the future.
Social service is the broad subject term to use for social work.
Social service is the result of moral thinking and religious living.
Social service is the slogan of the modern day.
Social service means help dealing with the conditions as they are.
Social services are available in an number of the developments.
Social services are available to assist.
Social services are available to facilitate access to health and human service agencies. .
Social services are available to help with other details.
Social services are available, as are financial and medical insurance counseling.
Social services are failing, unemployment soars and the Russian ruble is in collapse.
Social services are in the same building.
Social services are virtually non-existent in the black areas.
Social services continue to gain support over other types of investments.
Social services do the most to prevent crime.
Social services getting it wrong makes headlines in national newspapers.
Social services is now the seventh biggest public spending programme.
Social services provide home delivered food assessments.
Social services provide senior citizen activities and daily nutrition program outreach.
Social services provided include food, transportation and referrals to other service agencies.
Social services range from adoption and counseling to food and housing.
Social services reports.
Social services run the risk of losing millions of dollars in funding.
Social services takes care of pay-roll issues, tax and all the bureacracy.
All social services are free of charge and are provided on an inpatient or outpatient basis.
More social services means more taxes, more taxes means less money for growth and savings.
Social settings build relationships and in turn often lead to a compromise or consensus.
Social sin arises when people copy or cooperate with one another in allowing and promoting sin.
Social situations are hard for autistics to understand.
Social situations are the the most unpredictable, and often the most difficult to deal with.
Social situations become more uncomfortable and forced.
Social situations can be beyond the coping ability of a stressed person.
Social situations Let people know when appropriate.
Many social situations become confusing and overwhelming.
Social skills are a collection of isolated and discrete learned behaviors.
Social skills are a combination of all of the others.
Social skills are a foundation for students' academic success and success in life.
Social skills are a huge part of the kindergarten year.
Social skills are a natural part of square dancing.
Social skills are also an important program of the program.
Social skills are also important.
Social skills are also relatively trainable through developmental feedback and coaching.
Social skills are an important aspect of readiness.
Social skills are an important asset.
Social skills are an important part of children's development.
Social skills are an important part of community life and ministry.
Social skills are an important part of emotional intelligence.
Social skills are critical to success in school.
Social skills are different than popularity.
Social skills are easy to present in groups.
Social skills are easy to teach.
Social skills are extremely important for children.
Social skills are fun and easy to teach.
Social skills are immature.
Social skills are important for resilience.
Social skills are important in any job.
Social skills are important.
Social skills are key.
Social skills are largely unnecessary at video poker.
Social skills are likely to play a role in how two people meet.
Social skills are more important.
Social skills are no longer a problem for home schooled children.
Social skills are reciprocal.
Social skills are so important for any person to have to succeed in life.
Social skills are the main deficit.
Social skills are the most important tools for success.
Social skills are very important for navigating through the stormy adolescent years.
Social skills are very important to succeed in any career a person chooses.
Social skills are vital to self-concept and positive interactions with others.
Social skills are what a lot of kids with disabilities are lacking.
Social skills deteriorate as alcohol abuse is substituted for friendship.
Social skills develop as they take turns and share equipment.
Social skills devoted to avoiding personality conflicts are important skills in negotiations.
Social skills encompass a broad range of human activity.
Social skills evolve over time.
Social skills fostered include assertiveness and negotiation.
Social skills grow as the child plays.
Social skills instruction through commercially available resources.
Social skills involve a huge range of human behavior.
Social skills need for survival.
Social skills practice at sixty days.
Social skills training for all individuals is often helpful.
Social skills used are just as, or more, important than the thinking skills.
Most social skills evolve over time.
Social smokers can take it or leave it.
Social solidarity constitutes the foundation of national unity.
Social solidarity is also why Canadians are reluctant to sue their doctors.
Social solidarity is the basis of people's solidarity or togetherness.
Social songs vary in length, verses and tempo depending on the song selection of the singers.
Social songs vary in length, verses and tempo.
Social sororities provide a great opportunity for women to grow and develop.
Social space becomes more unstable and disturbed under the influence of a large mass nearby.
Social space is a dynamic realm where individuals make decisions, act and interact with each other.
Social space remains limited, particularly for commuting students.
Social spending is often less about helping the poor than giving goodies to the relatively wealthy.
Social spending is shaded blue.
Social spendings are even less popular than tax increases.
All social spending comes from borrowed money.
Social stability can be crucial to positive change, but it can also be used to prevent change.
Social stability demands a public's access to adequate, affordable, and safe food.
Social stability is also a potential issue of the future.
Social standing is almost everything in Japan.
Social standing is everything.
Social statements acknowledge diversity and address members in their Christian freedom.
Social statements are documents of the highest quality.
Social statements are major documents addressing significant social issues.
Social statements are theological documents.
Social statements offer individual members guidance and support for their participation in society.
Social statics refers to the processeswhich account for the recurrence of similar situations.
Social statistics are drab and impersonal.
Social statistics are grim as well.
Social statistics describe society, but they are also products of our social arrangements.
Social status affects growth rate and hence readiness for breeding.
Social status affects growth rate and reproduction.
Social status brakes down to the power an individual assumes.
Social status has no effect to swing the odds one iota to the left or the right.
Social status has significant effects on daffodil cichlid behavior.
Social status is a key dimension in understanding human motivation.
Social status is an important predictor of poor health.
Social status is determined by the patrilineal system.
Social status is expressed by a complex body language of sound and posture.
Social status is hereditary, based on a group characteristic.
Social status is no indicator of susceptibility and no defense against it.
Social status is of lesser importance.
Social status is seen as a single line that goes from most primitive to most civilized .
Social status is seen as a single line that goes from most primitive to most civilized.
Social status is status
Social status is the position or rank of a person or group, within the society.
Social status is used in many parts of the world.
Social status regulates ovarian function in captive female gelada baboons.
Social stewardship is also the responsibility of corporations.
Social stigma causes people to avoid needed treatment.
Social stigma turns self-perceived virtues into the vices of separateness and condemnation.
Social stimuli fail to act as entraining agents of circadian rhythms in the golden hamster.
Social stories can be a great way to prepare children for changes and new situations.
Social stories can be helpful in providing a child with a script to follow.
Social stories help individuals with autism learn appropriate ways to interact in social situations.
Social strata are a collective rule of behavior for all to follow and be judged against.
Social strata are rigid.
Social strata creates a lot of pressure.
Social strategies are a big part of the evolution of behavior.
Social stratification develops in a three-step process.
Social stratification is a condition
Social stratification is an important concept that relates to all societies.
Social stratification is based on age, occupation, wealth, and residence.
Social stratification is related to the status given to various occupations and wealth.
Social stratification is the process of ranking people into social layers or classes.
Social stratification is the sociological study of structured social inequality.
Social stratification shapes human lives in significant ways.
Some social stratification exists on the islands.
Social stress gives rise to social problems such as alcoholism, crime, and violence.
Social stress induces glucocorticoid resistance in macrophages.
Social stress induces glucocorticoid resistance in subordinate animals.
Social stress is another phenomenon altogether.
Social stress is typically a response to negative social interactions with conspecifics.
Social strife is another consequence of the rising cost of commercial energy.
A social structure is a system
Social structure appears to vary.
Social structure breaks down and resource depletion intensifies.
Social structure helps in the formation and maintenance of expectations for both parties.
Social structure is a concept over which there is much debate in sociology.
Social structure is an important concept in sociology.
Social structure is complex and often contradictory.
Social structure is largely a result of economic factors.
Social structure is reflected in the distribution of authority and tasks.
Social structure is the means.
Social structure is what constitutes the ranking of language interpretation.
Social structure needs to be seen as a biological system rather than a material system.
Social structure refers to guidance of social behavior.
Social structure refers to patterns around which society is organized .
Social structure refers to the normatively proscribed arrangement of positions.
Social structure revolves around kinship rather than caste.
Social structure varies among artiodactyls.
Social structures affect many human interactions.
Social structures are autopoetic, constantly reproducing themselves.
Social structures are the point of depart, and from there different projects develop.
Social structures arise from individuation, and are dependent on individuation.
Social structures die hard.
Social structures evolve in such a way as to minimize the time expended in their operation.
Social structures reflect a Canadian construct even in their everyday manifestations.
Social structures tell youth that they are unable and unwilling contributors to society.
Social structures tend to expand beyond the limit.
Social struggle is expressed by direct action.
Social studies acquaint children with the world in which they live, in ever widening circles.
Social studies are a natural for the popular constructivist method of teaching.
Social studies are theme based.
Social studies can use it in geography units.
Social studies come alive with questions about other cultures and their food production.
Social studies covers United States geography, history, and government as well as current events.
Social studies curriculum fair projects are due tomorrow.
Social studies deals with Africa and Asia.
Social studies deals with the study of peoples' lives throughout time.
Social studies develops responsible, active citizens in a democratic society.
Social studies discoveries on the net.
Social studies does have tapes of the text available.
Social studies emphasize the pluralistic nature of U.S. government and culture.
Social studies explains their relationship to other people, to institutions, and to the environment.
Social studies focuses on ancient civilizations and world geography.
Social studies focuses on the development of concepts, ideas and methods of inquiry.
Social studies focuses on the human aspect.
Social studies has the most surplus, or lowest demand.
Social studies includes history, the study of other cultures, and current events.
Social studies includes major geographic regions of the United States and Colorado history.
Social studies includes the discussion of age-appropriate current events and geography.
Social studies incorporates the domains of geography, economics, civics and government, and history.
Social studies integration into all areas of a student's educational experience is imperative.
Social studies is a one-period class, so students have limited use of the computer.
Social studies is an everyday event that surrounds our lives and extends far beyond the classroom.
Social studies is assigned after other subject areas in order to balance teaching responsibilities.
Social studies is basically an integrated study of the social sciences and humanities.
Social studies is integrated social sciences and humanities.
Social studies is ripe for pressure from a multitude of special interest groups.
Social studies is such a broad area, and there is so much to know.
Social studies is the only area that still needs final state school board approval.
Social studies is the single curriculum whose subject matter is the entirety of human experience.
Social studies is the study of people.
Social studies is the very life students live everyday.
Social studies links the past, present, and future.
Social studies promotes responsible management of global resources.
Social studies provides a theme for much of the work in language arts in the intermediate grades.
Social studies provides knowledge and skills important for life-long learning.
Social studies revolves around the study of Ohio from prehistoric times to the present.
Social studies rotates with science as do two related arts classes.
Social studies serves as the core through which all disciplines are integrated for relevancy.
Social studies teaching and learning are powerful when they are active.
Social studies teaching and learning are powerful when they are challenging.
Social studies teaching and learning are powerful when they are integrative.
Social studies teaching and learning are powerful when they are meaningful.
Social studies teaching and learning are powerful when they are value-based.
Social studies teaching and learning integrate across the curriculum.
Social studies teaching and learning integrate effective use of technology.
Social studies teaching and learning is powerful when it is value-based.
Social style is measured along the two dimensions of assertiveness and responsiveness.
Social Subjects Talk.
Social support appears to play a protective role.
Social support appears to play a role in reducing caregiver stress.
Social support can also significantly and directly reduce stress.
Social support can occur in many forms.
Social support comes from a daughter who lives three miles away.
Social support has a huge impact on reducing stress.
Social support has a major impact on an individual's and family's well-being.
Social support helps.
Social support introduces the element of accountability into exercise patterns.
Social support is a complex psychosocial variable.
Social support is a mutual process.
Social support is a strong buffer against stress and even appears to strengthen the immune system.
Social support is also very important.
Social support is an important factor in the period after childbirth.
Social support is an important ingredient in any behavioral change process.
Social support is another aspect to address.
Social support is another variable that helps explain the faith factor.
Social support is available through individual counseling and group activities.
Social support is community and identity.
Social support is healthy and can reduce stress.
Social support is important at all levels of disaster, from preparedness and evacuation to recovery.
Social support is important for recovery.
Social support is intrinsic to the relationships within African-American families.
Social support is linked to parenting and toddler outcomes.
Social support is more than token acknowledgement or praise for participation.
Social support is provided especially in terms of child-minding services.
Social support is provided per group participants.
Social support is regarded as a central to coping with stressful events.
Social support is the environment everybody needs in order to be productive and contribute.
Social support is very important.
Social support means having people to lean on during difficult times.
Social support plays an important role for farm operation well-being.
Social support protects against many negative effects of stress.
Social support seems to be a particularly important factor after a stressful incident.
Social support seems to be particularly important for women.
Social support serves a variety of purposes besides aiding compliance.
Social support works that way as well.
Social supports are also a key concern.
Social supports are cardio-protective.
Social surplus remains in the private sector, but it can fuel community development in target areas.
Social sustainability contains vitally a good communication between citizens and administration.
A social system is a system
Social system accounts.
Social systems affect how, why, to and from whom, and with what effects communication occurs.
Social systems are autopietic systems.
Social systems are difficult to understand primarily for two reasons.
Social systems are the products of behavioral strategies of individuals.
Social systems can also fail for the same reason.
Social systems change much more slowly than technology.
Social systems have to be built in which entrepreneurs have the freedom to destroy the old.
Social systems make human functioning possible.
Social systems use communication as their particular mode of autopoietic reproduction.
All social systems have unexpected consequences and outcomes, some of which are clearly negative.
Every social system has some modifications of the gradations so clear visible in a feudal system.
Every social system requires some sacrifice of infantile goals in the interest of cooperation.
Most social systems are stable, because the unstable ones self-destruct.
Social taboos are the goose-step of values.
Social taboos have tremendous impact.
Social tact is designed to spare the feelings of others.
Social tango is an improvised dance and changes with the music.
Social teachings help groups of individuals build harmony and justice.
Social technology is a powerful learning tool.
Social tennis is an essential part of any club's activities .
Social tennis is open to all members.
Social tennis is our main focus.
Social tennis is popular among business associates, coworkers, families and swinging singles.
Social tension is the collision produced by individualistic psychological entanglements.
Social tensions are high.
Social tensions are likely to swell as the economic crisis boosts job losses and inflation.
Social tensions are thus likely to intensify, with the final outcome remaining unpredictable.
Social themes enhance communication, memory and socialization.
Social theorists believe learned behavior responses cause the disorders.
Most social theorists believe either that people are basically good or that they are basically evil.
Some social theorists think that kind of change is already under way.
Social theories are explanations offered to account for a set of social phenomena.
Social theory deals with human values.
Social theory focuses upon the causal importance of the individual and society.
Social theory goes beyond ad hoc concepts and develops systems of concepts to explain phenomena.
Social theory is among the most challenging and rewarding pursuits among all human endeavors.
Social theory is analysis of humans and their societies.
Social theory is essential for any meaningful analysis of the complexities of everyday life.
Social theory is fundamental to much of our work.
Social theory is the core of sociology.
Social theory is what people do when they try to figure out how the social world works.
Social theory means norms, social emphasis.
Social theory provides some insight.
Social therapy involves both self-help procedures and psychotherapy.
Social tides are hard to chart.
Social ties boost immune function.
Social ties provide people with a sense of identity, purpose, belonging and support.
Social time follows the meal with table games, cribbage, cards, and visiting.
Social time is in the evening.
Social time is included in every meeting.
Social transformation begins with personal transformation.
Social transformations can also modify inheritance customs to a great extent.
Social treatment involves family members and focuses on problems in the home and at work.
Social trends dictate fashion.
Social trends point to additional difficulties.
Social trust is also much lower in Cleveland than in the suburbs.
Social tunicates can reproduce asexualy, with runner-like arms that develop new individuals.
Social turbulence can help create an information revolution.
Social turmoil is fertile ground for conflict.
A social unit is an organization
Social unit is the family.
Social unity is therefore the essential objective, regardless of the political status.
Social unrest continues to be widespread.
Social unrest is a growing worry for the Communist leadership.
Social unrest is likely.
Social unrest is possible unless real benefits are realized soon.
Social users are people who drink without the idea of becoming intoxicated.
Social utility is the test by which truth is established.
Social value is totally different.
Social values are an issue that neither schools or many churches want to touch.
Social values can be equally as important as formal law and legislation.
Social values express a concern for others.
Social variables allow researchers to better understand the cause of a child's illness.
Social variables are, for instance, socioeconomic or ethnic group, age or sex.
Social variables reveal cultural differences and dictate the social norms of a society.
Social vision means nothing unless companies tell the truth.
Social vocalizations are low-frequency sounds that humans can hear.
Social wasps live in colonies.
Social wasps live in large colonies.
Social wasps are formed of paper wasps , yellow jackets and hornets .
Social wasps are formed of paper wasps, yellow jackets and hornets.
Social wasps live as colonies in nests of honeycomb-like cells.
Social wasps live in large colonies and are led by a queen.
Social wasps live together in communities called colonies.
Most social wasps are omnivores , eating both plants and other animals.
Most social wasps live in colonies.
Most social wasps live in large colonies.
Most social wasps prefer to use vegetation to their advantage when building their nests.
Social welfare does nothing but continue the degradation of society.
Social welfare is a natural outgrowth of human society.
Social welfare is a profession within the general field of social work.
Social welfare is a very distinctive feature of the Islamic system.
Social welfare is a very limited, has a very limited constituency.
Social welfare is aid
Social welfare is dependent upon the well-being of organizations, small and large.
Social welfare is financial aid.
Social welfare rises with aggregate efficiency unless distribution effects are perverse.
Social wellness involves one s relationships with others, such as family, friends and neighbors.
Social wellness involves the students interactions with society as a whole.
Social wellness is the process of creating and maintaining healthy relationships.
Social wellness means much more than having personal interaction with other individuals.
Social withdrawal can also occur as a result of depression.
Social withdrawal causes the schizophrenic to seek isolation.
Social withdrawal is a more adaptive value.
Social witness precedes social teaching.
Social work addresses the needs of individuals, families, groups and communities.
Social work can be extremely depressing.
Social work can make a difference.
Social work concerns social problems .
Social work continuing education units are available in conjunction with the workshops.
Social work faces the graying of America.
Social work gets right to the nitty-gritty of people's lives.
Social work has both a conceptual and philosophical health orientations.
Social work helps to bring about positive change.
Social work involves working with people of varied backgrounds.
Social work is a challenging and rewarding profession.
Social work is a combination of career competency and a sense of moral and social responsibility.
Social work is a comprehensive helping profession.
Social work is a field of challenge and change with opportunities for personal and job satisfaction.
Social work is a great background for all-even the last.
Social work is a high-stress profession.
Social work is a major professional discipline in the broad institution of social welfare.
Social work is a new profession in Russia.
Social work is a profession devoted to helping people realize their potential and aspirations.
Social work is a profession that provides support and counseling for individuals and families.
Social work is a profession with a wide range of career options.
Social work is a recognized and regulated profession.
Social work is a rewarding profession.
Social work is a rich and rewarding profession that is also demanding and complex.
Social work is a richly diverse profession, diverse in perspective and career opportunities.
Social work is a social service
Social work is a stimulating and exciting career - but it can also be frustrating and exhausting.
Social work is a unique profession and gives many different opportunities to help others.
Social work is a very hard and demanding job.
Social work is action oriented.
Social work is also an excellent major for students interested in law school.
Social work is also available to assist with community referrals and resource information.
Social work is an applied area.
Social work is an applied science, with a strong connection between research and teaching.
Social work is an enabling process.
Social work is an exciting and dynamic profession whose practitioners take pride in helping others.
Social work is an exciting, demanding and immensely rewarding profession.
Social work is an extrememly diverse profession.
Social work is an interrelated system of values, theory and practice.
Social work is an uniquely American profession.
Social work is another growth profession in southern Maine.
Social work is committed to a respect for persons and to the pursuit of social justice.
Social work is committed to the dual focus of helping people and changing environments.
Social work is concerned with human well being.
Social work is concerned with the interaction between people and their environment.
Social work is different from psychology.
Social work is dynamic and diverse.
Social work is essential to rebuilding and enhancing the health care delivery system.
Social work is focused on problems of everyday life and empowerment processes.
Social work is hallmarked by professional education and practice wisdom.
Social work is more caring.
Social work is more than a set of skills.
Social work is much more about social justice and advocacy.
Social work is no different.
Social work is one of the fastest growing professions.
Social work is one of the glues of the ecumenical movement.
Social work is one of the major helping professions in human services today.
Social work is one of the smallest professions in the United States.
Social work is part of the Christian faith.
Social work is practiced in a wide variety of settings.
Social work is practiced in many different types of organizations and agencies.
Social work is provided for immediate and short-term counselling.
Social work is really a very American idea.
Social work offers a great variety of job opportunities and job settings.
Social work provides an avenue to work against any form of oppression.
Social work provides information on a variety of subjects to patients and families.
Social work provides projects in which social orientation is of central importance.
Social work requires two letters of recommendation.
Social work serves certain functions in our society.
Social work teaches the art of government.
Social work utilizes active means with clearly defined goals and objectives.
A social worker is a public servant
Social worker meets with both parties throughout the program.
Social workers acquire information to develop a plan for helping the patient and family.
Social workers act as a liaison between the family and the clinical staff.
Social workers address issues of physical abuse and neglect as per regulatory requirements.
Social workers address the social needs that frequently overshadow their clients' legal problems.
Social workers appreciate interaction with people from a variety of backgrounds.
Social workers are a critical element of the care team.
Social workers are able to work singly or in partnership with others.
Social workers are accessible geographically and demographically.
Social workers are advocates for individuals, families, groups, communities, etc.
Social workers are also available to answer questions about coping with cancer.
Social workers are also part of the transplant team.
Social workers are always advocates for children or adults who are victims of abuse.
Social workers are available for referrals and counseling.
Social workers are available to assist clients.
Social workers are available to discuss the emotional aspects of sexual function.
Social workers are citizens, professionals, and employees.
Social workers are clearly leaders in counseling patients regarding ADs.
Social workers are cognizant of their dual responsibility to clients and to the broader society.
Social workers are committed to the principles of social justice.
Social workers are committed to the pursuit of non-violence.
Social workers are counselors.
Social workers are especially sensitive to, and capable of, people-centered leadership.
Social workers are essential to avoid chaos and excess cost as the new system develops.
Social workers are explorers, inventors and caregivers.
Social workers are human beings too.
Social workers are in demand as team members in the helping professions and healing arts.
Social workers are invaluable in assisting patients with the application process.
Social workers are no exception.
Social workers are now immune from lawsuits.
Social workers are now program directors, health educators, and clinical research associates.
Social workers are of limited help.
Social workers are often available to offer practical advice.
Social workers are often interested in psychological or mental health issues.
Social workers are on the faculty of various medical schools acorss the country.
Social workers are on the faculty of various medical schools across the country.
Social workers are overlooked heroes who help bring out the best in a community.
Social workers are people who are professionally trained in counseling and practical assistance.
Social workers are people with a degree called the master's in social work.
Social workers are provided by the government .
Social workers are provided by the government.
Social workers are public servants.
Social workers are real American heroes.
Social workers are rigorous in their search for potential foster and adoptive parents.
Social workers are sometimes the only mental health care providers in the community.
Social workers are the nation's largest provider of mental health and therapy services.
Social workers are therapists, educators, researchers, managers, supervisors and administrators.
Social workers are traditionally devoted and overworked.
Social workers are unavailable after hours and over weekends, and police have to rely on volunteers.
Social workers are versatile people.
Social workers assess and address the needs of every family.
Social workers assist families with lodging arrangements.
Social workers assist in lodging arrangements for families.
Social workers assist many people who are unemployed or who are incapable of holding jobs.
Social workers assist patients who have a variety of neurological illnesses.
Social workers associated with medical centers or school systems can also be a help.
Social workers attribute the alcohol-related crimes to the increasing level of poverty in Kenya.
Social workers behave in a trustworthy manner .
Social workers behave in a trustworthy manner.
Social workers believe in the worth, dignity, and uniqueness of each individual.
Social workers belong in politics as a natural extension of our mission.
Social workers can also help families find needed resources.
Social workers can also provide support to foster parents on specific individual child needs.
Social workers can be a good advocate for the family or the patient.
Social workers can be pretty insensitive.
Social workers can be that vaccine for our students.
Social workers can build on their professional backgrounds and study and practice law.
Social workers can carry a maximum of twenty caseloads, but that is too many for today's standards.
Social workers can give advice, support, counselling and information.
Social workers can go anywhere and be well prepared to do just about anything.
Social workers can help patients cope with a wide range of problems from financial to emotional.
Social workers can help patients deal with the anxieties and fears related to their illness.
Social workers can help the family plan ahead.
Social workers can help with the arrangement of medical and other care.
Social workers can play a key role in detecting and addressing domestic violence.
Social workers can respect individuals when they choose, or the interests of 'society'.
Social workers can say that.
Social workers can suggest approaches for different age levels.
Social workers challenge social injustice.
Social workers claim their share.
Social workers conduct home visits as often as three times weekly and hold small group meetings.
Social workers conduct interviews in the home environment to evaluate the needs of the individual.
Social workers conduct needs assessments of victims.
Social workers contribute to making social institutions more humane and responsive to human needs.
Social workers convene.
Social workers convening the meeting provide food and drink in a comfortable setting.
Social workers counsel families and individuals to help cope with an illness.
Social workers deal with the pressing issues of the day, such as teenage pregnancy.
Social workers deliver more mental health services than any other profession.
Social workers deliver more than half of the nation's mental health services.
Social workers develop behavioral approaches to encourage food intake.
Social workers direct the assessment and treatment plan of each resident.
Social workers do, however, tend to become more involved in the everyday lives of their clients.
Social workers elevate service to others above self-interest.
Social workers emphasize helping people help themselves.
Social workers engage in a wide range of activities in diverse fields of practice.
Social workers engage people as partners in the helping process.
Social workers face some of the hottest issues in our society today.
Social workers have a commitment to principles of social justice.
Social workers have a history of protest.
Social workers have a huge public image problem.
Social workers have a responsibility to promote a healthy environment for all of our clients.
Social workers have a responsibility to society as well as to their individual clients.
Social workers have an enormously difficult task.
Social workers have information on local support groups, community services and government support.
Social workers have knowledge and skills which can be of help.
Social workers have many options for places to work.
Social workers have no regulatory body either, although plans are afoot to set up one.
Social workers have to deal with the kinds of patients who come because of life crises.
Social workers have to learn patience as well as the skills of negotiation.
Social workers have tough days.
Social workers help citizens.
Social workers help effects.
Social workers help life.
Social workers help members and their families learn to live with loss of sight.
Social workers help others to embrace change.
Social workers help parents.
Social workers help patients and their families make emotional adjustments.
Social workers help patients in coping with the stresses of the diagnosis and treatment of cancer.
Social workers help people cope with challenges in their lives.
Social workers help people function the best they can in their environment.
Social workers help people increase their capacities for problem solving and coping.
Social workers help people solve and cope with problems in their everyday lives.
Social workers help people solve and cope with problems.
Social workers help resolve a variety of problems that can come up when someone needs care at home.
Social workers help senior citizens.
Social workers help shape the cultural and social standards of society.
Social workers help to bring about individual and social change.
Social workers help to maximize and maintain individual, family, group, and community functioning.
Social workers hover near the family.
Social workers interact with individuals and families offering information and emotional support.
Social workers intervene with individuals, groups and communities, representing all populations.
Social workers interview clients to identify problems.
Social workers keep a file on the adoptive families in their area.
Social workers know first-hand how important parental involvement is in children's lives.
Social workers know that neglect of the psyche, soul and stomach assures school failure.
Social workers know where social work jobs are.
Social workers lie, and then they cover themselves by saying it's in the best interest of the child.
Social workers link people with supportive services.
Social workers locate necessary community support services for patients and their families.
Social workers look for parents who can provide a safe, nurturing home.
Social workers make decisions every day.
Social workers make home visits as needed.
Social workers move in and out of patients' lives depending on their medical and psychosocial needs.
Social workers note that gang members often recruit their siblings, cousins and their own children.
Social workers offer assistance to patients and their families with special concerns.
Social workers offer attentive listening and help with finding other resources in the community.
Social workers offer services in nursing homes and other long-term health facilities.
Social workers offer support to patients and their families.
Social workers participate in legislative advocacy, and community change-oriented organizations.
Social workers pay regular visits.
Social workers perform tasks.
Social workers point a finger at the play s undiluted domestic violence.
Social workers practice in a wide variety of settings, and their presence is constantly evolving.
Social workers practice in all settings with all populations.
Social workers prefer to use the term children without parental care.
Social workers promote clients' socially responsible self-determination.
Social workers promote social justice and social change with and on behalf of clients.
Social workers provide a wide scope of services for patients and families.
Social workers Provide advice and support for parents of a child with a visual problem.
Social workers provide counseling and services to clients and work to improve social conditions.
Social workers provide counselling and therapy and referrals to other supportive social services.
Social workers provide direct services to individuals, families, groups, and communities.
Social workers provide most forms of psychotherapy.
Social workers provide over half of the mental health services in the United States.
Social workers provide preventive initiatives.
Social workers provide psychosocial evaluation, individual, couple, family and group psychotherapy.
Social workers provide support to the inpatient trauma unit on a consultation basis.
Social workers provide the bulk of mental health services in the United States.
Social workers provide the inmates reminiscent therapy, release planning and nursing home placement.
Social workers recognize the central importance of human relations .
Social workers recognize the central importance of human relationships.
Social workers respect the inherent dignity and worth of the person.
Social workers run online chat sites, keep up bulletin boards, and run newsgroups.
Social workers run youth clubs.
Social workers say an increasing number are addicted to glue sniffing.
Social workers say many rape victims are too shamed or afraid to go to the police.
Social workers say no, evil people don t exist.
Social workers say the freedom of street life is as addictive to some kids as the glue they abuse.
Social workers say the reshuffles have brought confusion.
Social workers see kids, but there s only a few per school.
Social workers seek to enhance the capacity of people to address their own needs.
Social workers serve individuals, families and communities.
Social workers serve individuals, families, and communities.
Social workers serve individuals, families, groups, organizations and communities.
Social workers serve on multidisciplinary teams to identify and serve special education students.
Social workers share knowledge gained by helping other patients and families in similar situations.
Social workers sort out the ambiguity.
Social workers stand with the disadvantaged in campaigning for social justice.
Social workers strive to assist individuals to function more effectively within society.
Social workers take note, the authors urge.
Social workers tend to be people whose own religious orientations are relatively irresolute.
Social workers tend to help the poor and the disadvantaged.
Social workers train specifically in the tradition of social work.
Social workers understand themselves as providing remedies in the guise of therapeutic treatment.
Social workers visit clients on a regular basis and are available during emergencies.
Social workers work closely with families to offer psychosocial support and family counseling.
Social workers work full time.
Social workers work in agencies.
Social workers work in government agencies.
Social workers work in offices.
Social workers work in schools, hospitals, group homes, government offices, and private agencies.
Social workers work time.
Social workers work to evaluate needs of the families, work with community agencies to meet needs.
Social workers work with all age groups.
Social workers work with patients and families to plan for life outside the hospital.
Social workers work with students and families to facilitate success in school, home and community.
Social workers write tedious books about the horrible effects of urban violence.
All social workers have at least a bachelor's degree from a college or university.
Many social workers are trained in psychotherapy, but the credentials vary from state to state.
Many social workers become probation or parole officers.
Many social workers lack common sense.
Many social workers use a systems approach to counseling.
Many social workers work for social change as well.
Most social workers are accessible at work, at home, and sometimes even in the car.
Most social workers choose an undergraduate degree in social work.
Most social workers engage in a combination of direct and macro practice in their jobs.
Most social workers have a standard work week.
Most social workers help citizens.
Most social workers help effects.
Most social workers help life.
Most social workers help senior citizens.
Most social workers perform tasks.
Most social workers specialise in an area of practice.
Most social workers specialize in a field.
Most social workers specialize in a particular type of client or population.
Most social workers specialize in one field.
Most social workers work for the government.
Most social workers work full time.
Most social workers work in agencies.
Most social workers work in government agencies.
Most social workers work in offices.
Most social workers work in pleasant, clean offices that are well lit and well ventilated.
Most social workers work time.
Some social workers act as planners and developers of services.
Some social workers attribute the spread of the disease to a lack of aggressive campaign.
Some social workers find services.
Some social workers go into private practice.
Some social workers have jobs in group homes for abused or troubled children and teenagers.
Some social workers help patients.
Some social workers identify social problems and suggest legislative and community-level solutions.
Some social workers raise awareness.
Some social workers report children.
Some social workers specialize in gerontological services.
Some social workers treat disorder.
Some social workers treat emotional disorder.
Some social workers work in local voluntary organisations and hospitals.
Some social workers work with children.
Some social workers work with teachers.
Social world is governed by evolution.
A social is a party
Socials are also available upon request.
Socials are an informal way of getting together with other sororities and fraternities.
Socials are case-insensitive now.
Socials are determined on an individual basis.
Socials are monthly or semimonthly, with lunch after church at least once a month.
Socials are overwhelming.
Socials are usually free of charge and open to any DDS student employee in any location.
Socials can range from a western rodeo to a disco or roller skating to bowling.
Socials can range from a western rodeo to a disco to roller skating to bowling.
Socials Held throughout the year, socials bring together students, faculty, and staff.
Socials make Greek life all the more fun.
Socials scheduled at least monthly include dining out and going to plays or travelouges, etc.
Socials take place in each center's dining area, and attendance by residents is optional.
Socials take place quarterly.
Socialisation is a group action
Socialisation is the preparation of individuals for roles in a culture.
Socialisation is the process by which culture is transmitted from one generation to another.
Socialisation is the process of introducing a variety of people and animals.
Socialised negatives are still dominant.
Socialism advocates a larger, more intrusive style of government than does capitalism.
Socialism advocates larger role of government than does capitalism.
Socialism aims at subordinating all production to human reason.
Socialism allows for laziness and economic complacency as evidenced by the collapse of communism.
Socialism also continues to exist in many countries.
Socialism also holds that all resources are owned by the state, and again no state exists.
Socialism attracts because it appears to combine charity with justice.
Socialism becomes a matter of waiting for capitalism to mature .
Socialism becomes a matter of waiting for capitalism to mature.
Socialism breeds corruption.
Socialism breeds laziness.
Socialism can and does meet all the standards applied to it.
Socialism can be evolutionary or revolutionary.
Socialism can come about democratically or by revolution.
Socialism can end both the exploitation of labor and the exploitation of nature.
Socialism can mean only democratization of society.
Socialism can mean slightly different things.
Socialism can never come through parliament.
Socialism can only arrive by bicycle.
Socialism causes bad weather, and then the harvest fails.
Socialism claims to serve people as workers, as producers of goods and services.
Socialism considers itself to be the most scientific ideology ever.
Socialism continues to deprive the Israeli people of economic freedom.
Socialism continues to shrink the nation, while depriving the people of freedom.
Socialism creates a centrally planned economy.
Socialism creates more equality, but it takes away some work incentives.
Socialism describes a society in which people work together to increase the benefit of all.
Socialism does nothing for our children or our futures.
Socialism emphasizes community with child rearing as a community responsibility.
Socialism emphasizes community with children and child rearing as a community responsibility.
Socialism exists wherever the workers themselves directly manage the entire society.
Socialism fails to recognize the human right to own property.
Socialism goes one step further and demands substantial equality of outcome as well.
Socialism has a two-pronged approach.
Socialism has many drawbacks.
Socialism has no redeeming qualities.
Socialism has social production and social appropriation.
Socialism has socialist or social ownership of the basic means of production.
Socialism has some benefits, at least to the lower levels of society.
Socialism here is a paint to cover a piebald body.
Socialism implies some central authority sitting in the middle with guns.
Socialism is a concept that is based upon the understanding of socioeconomic formations.
Socialism is a creeping evil.
Socialism is a dead ideology.
Socialism is a developing, growing system.
Socialism is a euphemism for capitalism in China.
Socialism is a fine example of anti-humanity.
Socialism is a fraud, a comedy, a phantom, a blackmail.
Socialism is a growing idea, an expanding philosophy.
Socialism is a joke.
Socialism is a practical organizational model of human community.
Socialism is a real threat and enemy to Western civilization.
Socialism is a regressive form of government.
Socialism is a response to poverty, and the belief it can be eradicated.
Socialism is a science of considerable dimensions.
Socialism is a science.
Socialism is a series of steps.
Socialism is a serious opinion, even if it tends more and more to social-democracy.
Socialism is a society without commodities and without classes.
Socialism is a stage on the way to communism.
Socialism is a system which is defined by governmental ownership of property.
Socialism is a tyrannical form.
Socialism is about making decisions with the aim of promoting the good of everyone.
Socialism is acclaimed as the answer. .
Socialism is actually a good system.
Socialism is alive and well in Israel.
Socialism is almost globally misunderstood and misrepresented.
Socialism is always a mess.
Socialism is an economic and governmental system where the workers own and run companies .
Socialism is an economic and governmental system where the workers own and run companies.
Socialism is an economic system marked by government control of industry.
Socialism is an expansion of democracy by the working class.
Socialism is an ideal, as democracy is, and it is approximated in varying degrees.
Socialism is an insidious, contagious and degenerating cultural disease.
Socialism is an old dream.
Socialism is anti-Christian to the core.
Socialism is based on the people's.
Socialism is based upon the redistribution of wealth from the productive to the parasitical.
Socialism is communism with movie stars.
Socialism is dead, after all.
Socialism is dead, long live liberalism.
Socialism is dead.
Socialism is democratic or it is nothing.
Socialism is discredited because only a free market economy can give a secure basis for democracy.
Socialism is doomed to failure.
Socialism is economic democracy.
Socialism is either a good thing or a bad thing.
Socialism is entirely about greed.
Socialism is finished.
Socialism is for everyone.
Socialism is fully able to meet the interests of both.
Socialism is gone, now it's the time of banditism.
Socialism is great theory but performs poorly outside the classroom.
Socialism is ideology
Socialism is ideology.
Socialism is in practice terribly conservative.
Socialism is inevitable because it has real solutions to the problems of capitalism.
Socialism is inherently totalitarian in philosophy.
Socialism is light years more efficient than a monopoly.
Socialism is made of socialists.
Socialism is mentioned only once, and abruptly dismissed.
Socialism is merely the next step forward from state capitalist monopoly.
Socialism is morally and intellectually bankrupt.
Socialism is necessary to end the ecological destruction caused by capitalism.
Socialism is negatively right.
Socialism is no mean religion.
Socialism is no religion.
Socialism is now as barren an ideology as fascism.
Socialism is now the Vermont way.
Socialism is one of the most insidious evils ever devised by man.
Socialism is one type of collectivism.
Socialism is only possible as the result of direct action by the working class.
Socialism is placed in between capitalism and communism.
Socialism is political ideology.
Socialism is presented as perfection, while all other philosophies are flawed.
Socialism is seductive in theory, but tends toward tyranny and serfdom in practice.
Socialism is the answer to the wars, anarchy and crises of capitalism.
Socialism is the best form of government for Kenya.
Socialism is the economical consequence, and a subset, of statism.
Socialism is the equal distribution of poverty.
Socialism is the essential first step to eliminate the middle class property and business owners.
Socialism is the future.
Socialism is the institutionalization of the free rider problem.
Socialism is the intermediate transition from capitalism to communism.
Socialism is the next and necessary stage of human development.
Socialism is the only way to end the horror of pollution and ecological destruction.
Socialism is the people's control over the means of production.
Socialism is the rejection of capitalism.
Socialism is the renunciation of rational economy.
Socialism is the system of economics least likely to survive a war.
Socialism is the theory of evolution applied to politics and government.
Socialism is the tyranny of the most dumb of society.
Socialism is the ultimate exploitative monopoly.
Socialism is the use of government force to achieve a given political and social end.
Socialism is to replace the collapsed capitalism.
Socialism is totalitarian.
Socialism is very much alive in Europe which is clear example of postmodern society.
Socialism is when man exploits man, capitalism is the reverse.
Socialism is when man exploits man.
Socialism is wrong because it externally forces humankind to work together.
Socialism just works better.
Socialism lays the basis for the conscious planning of human affairs, i.e. communism.
Socialism lives .
Socialism makes sense.
Socialism means a classless society.
Socialism means a more equal distribution of wealth among the people.
Socialism means a society restructured according to the working-class principle of solidarity.
Socialism means a wageless, moneyless society.
Socialism means common ownership of the means of production and distribution.
Socialism means complete control of their tools and products by the workers.
Socialism means democracy at all levels of society, including the workplace.
Socialism means far more individual liberty than workers can possibly have under capitalism.
Socialism means free access to the goods produced by society.
Socialism means keeping account of everything.
Socialism means more than just equality between ethnic majorities and ethnic minorities.
Socialism means police states and clapped out economies.
Socialism means public control of government and economics.
Socialism means the end of class divisions, social inequality and the insatiable drive for profits.
Socialism means voluntary labour.
Socialism means war.
Socialism needs to stand with the poorest and most downtrodden in their struggles .
Socialism only benefits the lazy.
Socialism only works in ant farms and beehives, period.
Socialism operates far beyond the minimum efficient scale.
Socialism persists, because some central authority is free to end dissention with a noose.
Socialism perverts the law, making it an instrument of legalized plunder.
Socialism preaches the turning away from the mammonistic abuses of militarism in the old state.
Socialism presupposes a dictatorship of the proletariat.
Socialism produces a huge shift in wealth followed by stagnation.
Socialism produces poverty.
Socialism regularly eats the seed grain.
Socialism rejects minority and majority.
Socialism rejects the notions of private property and the free market.
Socialism remains socialism.
Socialism requires a population dependent on the government.
Socialism requires a state to act as the agent of resource distribution.
Socialism requires sacrifice, which is the antithesis of an individual's cult of individualism.
Socialism says the state owns the property and people just use it.
Socialism seeks governmental ownership of all property.
Socialism seeks to pull down wealth.
Socialism seems to make some people childlike.
Socialism sounds nice to some.
Socialism stands to communalism as capitalism stands to slavery.
Socialism stresses universal coverage for all people.
Socialism strives to bring the best out of human nature.
Socialism takes and redistributes wealth, but it is utterly incapable of creating wealth.
Socialism wishes to establish collective property relations in the major sectors of the economy.
Socialism always fails.
All socialism involves slavery, and all socialists are liars of one kind or another.
All socialism involves slavery. . . .
Socialist consciousness is the foundation of the workers' productive productive activity.
All socialist countries have to prepare fertile ground for their ideology.
Socialist democracy has nothing in common with permissiveness, irresponsibility, and anarchy.
Socialist democracy is decentralized, stateless, and classless.
Socialist feminism is an inclusive way of creating social change.
Socialist forces equal almost to nothing.
Socialist governments exist to regulate the lives of their subjects.
Any socialist government is certainly a target.
Socialist ideas permeate the valley.
Socialist ideas provide hope for the young.
Some socialist ideas are popular too, and seem prevalent.
Socialist ideology holds that private ownership is an underlying cause of social inequality and.
Socialist imperialism is also quite without a basis for economic policy.
All socialist literature is full of such nonsense.
Socialist orientation is still our main measure.
Socialist parties are in power in many European countries.
Socialist planning can stabilize the economy and develop it in a rational manner.
Socialist reform is a means to consolidate and control wealth.
Socialist renewal remains, in our minds, inextricably linked with working class emancipation.
Socialist revolution is the only real solution to capitalist oppression.
Socialist science is no automatic affair.
Socialist science is superior to that of the western nations.
Socialist societies are largely incapable of the former, so war is a logical and likely alternative.
Socialist systems can and do offer material rewards.
Socialist theory holds that the state is to be the agent of collective redistribution.
Socialist theory is essential to understand the world in order to change it.
Socialist theory needs to take into account various factors . .
Socialist thought has to deal in prediction, but only in broad terms.
A socialist is a politician
Socialists alone are competent to give the facts and the truth about socialism.
Socialists are also strong supporters of democratic planning in the economy and government.
Socialists are capable of party members.
Socialists are concerned about violent crime, street crime and white collar crime.
Socialists are fanatics.
Socialists are good guys.
Socialists are hard to be understood when they are friends or enemies.
Socialists are in favour of taking from the rich to give to the poor.
Socialists are leftists.
Socialists are masters at harassing and abusing people who disagree with their views.
Socialists are modern people of the twentieth century.
Socialists are monopolists by nature.
Socialists are more concerned about insurance rates than the plight of the injured accident victim.
Socialists are of course, immune from such scrutiny, for they are, by definition, pious.
Socialists are only willing to fight when they control the central committee.
Socialists are organizations.
Socialists are people.
Socialists are politicians.
Socialists are socialists.
Socialists are used for communities.
Socialists argue there is an alternative.
Socialists believe in an infinite capacity for human improvement.
Socialists believe in planning.
Socialists believe in the wisdom of their leaders.
Socialists believe that a few have too much while others have too little.
Socialists believe that capitalism and private ownership are flawed.
Socialists believe that common link is the capitalist system.
Socialists believe that everything in society is made by the cooperative efforts of the people .
Socialists believe that everything in society is made by the cooperative efforts of the people.
Socialists believe that religion is a private matter.
Socialists block each and every attempt at change.
Socialists call for redistribution of wealth through taxation.
Socialists can help provide practical solutions and answers to build the fightback in every area.
Socialists claim that the decline of the American, nuclear family is a giant step backwards.
Socialists continue to wish for a revolution , interpretting 'reformation' as potential revolution.
Socialists deny the individual.
Socialists draw parallels between the trade of labour as a commodity and slavery.
Socialists drop DP variant.
Socialists favour big units over small.
Socialists feel capitalism leads to poverty and unemployment due to the greed of the wealthy.
Socialists have a good relationship with their own hard disks.
Socialists have an alternative to New Labour - one that can answer the questions asked by millions.
Socialists have no brief for either monetary system.
Socialists have, so to speak, presented their case wrong side foremost.
Socialists identify with the insurgents, and extend the hand of solidarity.
Socialists invade our schools.
Socialists know well enough that present-day society is founded on competition.
Socialists look upon people as raw material to be formed into social combinations.
Socialists make respectable showing.
Socialists move toward the center.
Socialists now revere British royalty.
Socialists oppose all wars, refusing to take sides.
Socialists play it regularly.
Socialists say that it is.
Socialists see a division of society based upon the means of acquiring wealth.
Socialists seek a genuine equality of conditions of life.
Socialists think regulation is the solution.
Socialists view history as conflict between classes .
Socialists visualize a utopia where hungry mouths are filled with legal plunder.
Socialists work to create opportunities for participation in art and cultural activities.
Socialists always go for the children.
Socialists always have.
Socialists always look at a person's place in a community.
Socialists usually mean 'freedom from economic hardship'.
All socialists are Jesuits.
All socialists are liars.
All socialists have a responsibility to combat colonialism.
All socialists ought to be hanged.
Every socialist is a disguised dictator.
Socialistic tendencies are also quite clear in the idea of a one-time capital levy.
A socialite is an adult
Socialites donate their castoffs to the homeless.
Socialites love fashion.
Sociality also benefits animals via access to food and other resources.
Sociality is a broad collection of ways in which everyone is included in the group.
Sociality is more advanced in bees, ants, and termites.
Sociality is nature
Sociality is nature.
Socialization also plays a large role in forming habitual academic performance.
Socialization begins in the home.
Socialization begins the day the pup comes home.
Socialization begins with a blank slate and constructs both nationality and citizenship.
Socialization can be specific, too.
Socialization can never be over stressed.
Socialization continues throughout the life cycle.
Socialization demands that eating, sleeping, and elimination conform to acceptable patterns.
Socialization ensures that individuals internalize norms and values as they grow up.
Socialization goes on forever after church services.
Socialization has nothing to do with going to new places.
Socialization imprints nationality and state citizenship on both newborn citizens and immigrants.
Socialization includes exercising, playing, brushing, and loving our in-house animals.
Socialization involves introducing the puppy to new people and animals.
Socialization is a big issue.
Socialization is a group action
Socialization is a key factor for adaptation and survival.
Socialization is a lifelong process.
Socialization is a priority.
Socialization is a process of learning that many humans can be trusted.
Socialization is a very underated characteristic of teambuilding.
Socialization is also an important aspect of a student's growth.
Socialization is also an important goal of the present teachers.
Socialization is an imperfect process.
Socialization is an important aspect of police dog training.
Socialization is an important aspect of raising a kitten.
Socialization is an important part of their development.
Socialization is an important yet often overlooked part of a student's academic preparation.
Socialization is an ongoing process of changes and additions in a puppy's life.
Socialization is an on-going process.
Socialization is critical.
Socialization is crucial for the young bonobos to be psychologically healthy and well-developed.
Socialization is examined from infancy through adolescence.
Socialization is extremely important in curtailing the aggressive tendencies of the pitbull.
Socialization is extremely important to a service dog puppy's success.
Socialization is extremely important.
Socialization is given special emphasis during the six-week summer school session.
Socialization is group actions.
Socialization is important for any pet but it s especially critical for large, guardian breeds.
Socialization is learned there, the ability of a student to function as part of a society.
Socialization is meetings.
Socialization is more important.
Socialization is nothing to worry about.
Socialization is one issue which has to be addressed.
Socialization is one of the best reasons to home school.
Socialization is one of the most important traits to look for when purchasing a pup or older dog.
Socialization is one of the necessary requirements to successful dog ownership.
Socialization is ongoing.
Socialization is perhaps the toughest skill to teach.
Socialization is recommended.
Socialization is so important.
Socialization is social control.
Socialization is the growing relationship between the child and the world.
Socialization is the key to preventing fears.
Socialization is the key word.
Socialization is the key.
Socialization is the major source of an individual s values.
Socialization is the means by which people learn how to behave as adults in their society.
Socialization is the most important aspect of the foster program.
Socialization is the primary function of schooling.
Socialization is the process of shaping behavior of the child.
Socialization is the process of teaching a dog how to cope with and behave well in a human world.
Socialization is utmost.
Socialization is very important for a pup to be a friendly well-adjusted pet in any family.
Socialization is very important for young dogs.
Socialization is very important in our breeding program.
Socialization is very important in the workplace.
Socialization is vital to prevent interdog aggression.
Socialization is, in fact, an excellent reason to home educate our children.
Socialization means introducing the puppy to new people and to other animals.
Socialization plays a big part in the Indian life.
Socialization plays a role.
Socialization processes over the life course.
Socialization Provide a definition of socialization.
Socialization really begins within the family.
Socialization refers to all learning regardless of setting or age of the individual.
Socialization relates to the extent to which one considers the rules binding upon oneself.
Socialization Shows how the agents of socialization influence the self throughout the life cycle.
Socialization starting at a very young age is mandatory.
Socialization starts at birth, with being handled everyday.
Socialization teaches puppies how to behave and greet other dogs and their owners.
Socialization therefore plays a very important role in the child's life.
Socialized guests are free to play with other socialized guests.
Socialized individuals are persons managed through language.
Socialized industry has a poor track record compared to struggling entrepreneurs.
Socialized medicine has the virtue of simplicity.
Socialized medicine is a disaster.
Socialized medicine is a failure.
Socialized medicine is a red herring.
Socialized medicine is a regressive form of health care system.
Socialized medicine pays all hospital charges but small fees are paid for medicine and procedures.
Socialized morality is everyone's business.
Socialized morality is summarized by giving to the poor.
Socialized morality is where sin is overcome.
Socialized puppies display confidence.
A socializer is a person
Socializers are less reliable than others, so get all details and commitments in writing.
Socializers are people.
Socializers care less about winning or losing than how they look while playing the game.
Socializers thrive on personal recognition, so pour it on when there is a reason.
Socials skills are significantly impaired even in the highest functioning individuals with autism.
Societal attitudes entertain the idea of women being masochistic and enjoying being beaten.
Societal beliefs are that homosexuality is a choice and is wrong.
Societal benefits are a better preservation and management of natural resources.
Societal biases are difficult to root out and change.
Societal change depends upon participatory communications.
Societal changes are also part of the answer.
Societal changes cause profound regulatory transformations over short periods of time.
All societal changes have three stages.
Societal conversion is the assimilation of one group into another.
Societal culture can be a powerful influence on individuals, collectively and individually.
Societal culture can have a substantial impact on IS planning and implementation.
Societal dilemmas are varied and numerous.
Societal discrimination is more likely to be based upon ethnic bias than upon religious prejudice.
Societal discrimination remains a serious obstacle to women s rights.
Societal education includes all levels of society - see some ideas below.
Societal efforts can create and remove handicaps.
Societal evolution works on acquired traits.
Societal factors tend to hold women responsible for the well-being of the family members.
Societal forces pressure political forces to create legal forces governed by regulatory forces.
Societal growth benefits everyone.
Societal influences help incite violent behavior.
Societal influences know no bounds.
Societal infrastructure depends in many ways on space-based technological assets.
Societal institutions are how essential societal tasks get carried out in an organized fashion.
Societal institutions exist to prevent the tendency towards disorder.
Societal institutions exist to shape human nature to create order.
Societal institutions exist to work with human nature to maintain order.
Societal issues are too important to confine to the social studies.
Societal issues fall outside of the scientific review of a technology.
Societal norms dictate that American women take second billing to men in most domains.
Societal objects is a very broad categorization.
Societal opinion can.
Societal programming makes it difficult for humanity to master their egos.
Societal rationalizations continue to discount the arts.
Societal reaction seems to be the last stumbling block.
Societal restrictions imposed on women by law can also constitute health and human rights abuses.
Societal roles are constantly in a state of flux.
Societal specifics play a part as great as or greater than that of any evolutionary generalities.
Societal stress is a major challenge.
Societal trends show that consumption has risen dramatically along with the standard of living.
Societal trends signal a move toward early rising.
Societal values emphasize living as long as possible.
Societal views are partly a media problem.
Societal virtue has nothing to do with whether goods are delivered in trucks or horse-drawn carts.
Society Finches are as good in cages as they are in aviaries and are good breeders either way.
Society finches are natural parents that win the hearts of beginner and expert pet bird owners.
Society finches come in many colors, for all light to all dark, and colors in between.
Society finches enjoy baths.
Society finches require food.
Most society finches enjoy baths.
Most society finches require food.
A society is a social group
Societies accept decisions.
Societies achieve development.
Societies achieve sustainable development.
Societies adapt to changing conditions, and they choose changes that work, or they die out.
Societies allow the student to participate in many activities.
Societies also play an instructive role.
Societies also provide educational opportunities for members and nonmembers in their areas.
Societies also raise funds on the money market as well as from individual investors.
Societies also sponsor regional or joint meetings that include papers, exhibits, and workshops.
Societies also strive for superiority.
Societies are active throughout the world.
Societies are always welcome and the club has memberships available in all categories.
Societies are another source of information and assistance.
Societies are capable of clubs.
Societies are clubs.
Societies are dedicated to knowledge.
Societies are destabilized, religions become apocalyptic.
Societies are dynamic and diverse, and they are subject to laws of cause and effect.
Societies are dynamic by nature and even a country as ancient India changes all the time.
Societies are elites.
Societies are enormous machines that limber along through time, accumulating great momentum.
Societies are functions of their history and environment.
Societies are groups of people.
Societies are groups of players working toward a common goal.
Societies are imperfect.
Societies are located in cities.
Societies are located in countries.
Societies are located in groups of people.
Societies are located in populations.
Societies are neither organisms nor are they thinking beings.
Societies are non-profit organizations.
Societies are non-profit sites which promote the culture and improvement of a particular plant.
Societies are open to all genealogists, with and without a computer.
Societies are organizations.
Societies are professional associations.
Societies are sensitive to major climatic departures from average conditions.
Societies are social groups.
Societies are systems.
Societies are the primary organisers of the event.
Societies are to take their turn alphabetically to host the meeting.
Societies are used for cooperation.
Societies are used for sharing knowledge.
Societies are used for survival.
Societies are very tight knit.
Societies are volunteer based.
Societies are welcome and a range ofpackages are available.
Societies are welcome to write for special rates.
Societies are welcome.
Societies base on truth.
Societies based on immediate gratification have little use for children.
Societies based on lies go the way of the nazis and communist dictatorships.
Societies become less free when they become more violent.
Societies become more complex as they become larger.
Societies become societies.
Societies benefit most from free trade.
Societies build schools.
Societies can and do move on.
Societies can be a group of friends or business men with mutual interest.
Societies can be hopelessly poor, ignorant and immoral, and still boast of equality.
Societies can be more or less virtuous.
Societies can collectively choose abundance by limiting population.
Societies can coordinate efforts to educate amateurs.
Societies can heal themselves following a dynamic similar to cellular repair.
Societies can learn and change.
Societies can make bad decisions.
Societies can make lands that they own community property.
Societies can only deal with a certain amount of disruption before they collapse.
Societies carry out operations.
Societies change in many of their fundamental relationships.
Societies change much more slowly.
Societies compose of members.
Societies confer benefits on certain groups because they provide a contribution to the public good.
Societies constantly change meanings of sound words into taboos.
Societies construct meanings of gender, race, place, time, etc.
Societies contain incongruities and contradictions, ambiguities and confusion.
Societies containing diverse subcultures contain multiple ideologies.
Societies continue for centuries even millennia with recognizable identities.
Societies continue to be silenced.
Societies contribute to all of the population phe- nomena discussed.
Societies create culture.
Societies create intellectual culture.
Societies create mechanisms to deal with natural human desires.
Societies create patriarchy out of infantile fears.
Societies create their languages.
Societies decide what is right and wrong, and what punishments there are for doing wrong.
Societies decline when their people lose faith in themselves.
Societies depend on their citizens and organizations for productive activity.
Societies develop writing for many reasons, but writing fundamentally alters societies that use it.
Societies die when too many people become free-riders.
Societies differ in how social order is attained.
Societies differ in their attitude toward rules and laws some rigid, other flexible.
Societies differ widely in their general approach to libraries.
Societies emerging from war are quite fragile.
Societies encounter animals.
Societies encourage individuals.
Societies expect their governments to address an increasing number of important health issues.
Societies fall apart, families fall apart, lives fall apart.
Societies Find help, report problems, and contribute information.
Societies generally evolve with time and as global circumstances change.
Societies get their money next week.
Societies Go here for more information on the languages and how to pronounce names.
Societies have a responsibility to take care of the needy.
Societies have agencies.
Societies have children.
Societies have custom.
Societies have differences.
Societies have different ways of absorbing strain.
Societies have different ways of achieving change.
Societies have durations.
Societies have duties.
Societies have experience.
Societies have inherently such a structure.
Societies have inheritances.
Societies have initiations.
Societies have institutions.
Societies have laws.
Societies have majorities.
Societies have many rituals related to major life passages, like birth, marriage and death.
Societies have members.
Societies have members.
Societies have moral duties.
Societies have potential.
Societies have rights as well as individuals.
Societies have to be able to control their populations, or they quickly cease to exist.
Societies have to be ecologically sustainable for the survival of all species on Earth.
Societies have ways in which people's religious beliefs are celebrated.
Societies have ways of controlling the way food and other goods pass from one person to another.
Societies hire teachers.
Societies include grandfathers.
Societies increase complexity.
Societies increasingly shape and change the natural environment.
Societies introduce animals.
Societies involve individuals.
Societies involve labor.
Societies is an American site with extensive coverage of professional societies on the web.
Societies kill cows.
Societies lists chemical and chemistry-related societies, divided alphabetically by country.
Societies live and die by beliefs.
Societies live in countries.
Societies lobby effectively for the concerns of scientists and many political and cultural venues.
Societies look for goodness and moral courage.
Societies maintain newspapers.
Societies make contributions.
Societies make great contributions.
Societies make life.
Societies make war the way they make wealth.
Societies measure what they care about.
Societies move to the goading of ancient, reactive impulses.
Societies Nederlandse ouder vereniging voor blaasexstrofie patienten.
Societies need babies.
Societies offer legal services.
Societies offer services.
Societies operating on solar energy are more sustainable than societies operating on fossil fuels.
Societies pay a price and long term investors are severely hit.
Societies pay attention.
Societies pay individuals.
Societies perennially weigh the rights of individuals against the needs of the community.
Societies place various restrictions on the psychotherapists they admit.
Societies possess cats.
Societies prefer nest boxes or covered wicker nests.
Societies pride themselves upon giving the battlers a fair go.
Societies progress as they move from station to station, towards communism.
Societies prosper only when they think of a long run.
Societies provide a means for alumni to connect back to their academic unit.
Societies provide medicine.
Societies rank the age of their members using a variety of systems.
Societies react to the exposure of lies by trying to discredit, smother, or kill the exposer.
Societies recognize marriages.
Societies recognize sex marriages.
Societies reflects academic excellence, outstanding leadership, and community service.
Societies rely on energy.
Societies rely on leaders.
Societies rely on subsidization from journal sales.
Societies repel such forces through double filtration.
Societies represent one of the best ways of getting to know people at the beginning of the year.
Societies require individual participants.
Societies require knowledge.
Societies require labor.
Societies require laws.
Societies require mathematical knowledge.
Societies require mathematics to keep records, allocate resources, and make decisions.
Societies require participants.
Societies routinely survive changes in the basic moral views of their members.
Societies run on volunteer energy.
Societies see women.
Societies seem to do far more than maximize utility.
Societies show variable acceptance of polygamy as a cultural ideal and practice.
Societies sponsor meetings and lectures where archeological data is disseminated.
Societies sponsor periodic gatherings for students and faculty.
Societies support individuals.
Societies tend to assign social roles on the basis of age and sex.
Societies tend to have binary gender systems in which everyone is categorized as male or female .
Societies to take advantage.
Societies undergo two kinds of death, one natural and the other trivial.
Societies untertake joint projects.
Societies use concepts.
Societies use hierarchies to make the world understandable and manageable.
Societies use knowledge.
Societies use science.
Societies use scientific knowledge.
Societies use wood.
Societies vary in the way that power is distributed within the family.
Societies view their rulers or chiefs as inheritors of the community's magical power.
Societies welcome new members.
Societies worldwide have faith in invisible, holy beings that affect human life on Earth.
Society accepts aggressiveness as a good trait.
Society accepts donations of old documents, books and pictures of the Laguna area.
Society acquire new arts and loses old instincts.
Society acquires new arts, and loses old instincts.
Society actually regulates reproductive behavior.
Society allows males to get away with too much.
Society allows one or the other.
Society allows parents and teachers to control a child s bodily functions.
Society allows teachers to teach without mandatory classes on child abuse.
Society allows vice no rest.
Society already has the knowledge and technology to satisfy all of our basic needs sustainably.
Society already places a high priority on the physical and emotional needs of children.
Society also appears to have been both more puritanical and more egalitarian in New York.
Society also benefits by having an educated citizenry with greater cross-cultural competence.
Society also benefits from involved fathers.
Society also benefits from replacement lags, and when some non-replacement reduces traffic.
Society also benefits from using the fisheries resource in less obvious ways.
Society also depends on teachers to help mold the future.
Society also discriminates against the handicapped.
Society also expects the government to regulate corporate activity.
Society also faces an opportunity cost for each choice they make.
Society also has to understand what message is desired and what message is actually communicated.
Society also holds images of the female victim, offender, and professional.
Society also is both an organism and a collection of organisms.
Society also looks to the military to establish or reflect social values and standards.
Society also needs freedom.
Society also needs to encourage and value ALL kinds and levels of work.
Society also needs to stop beating around the bush when addressing the problem.
Society also pressures individuals through advertising.
Society also prizes certain kind of contributions more than it does other contributions.
Society also puts a lot of pressure on people to be thin.
Society also reaps the advantages of a better educated citizenry.
Society also sends money for medicine for the elderly.
Society also sponsors local birding trips that can be attended by non-members.
Society also suffers through a more insidious and subtle effect.
Society also supports the virtues through schools, churches, and, to some extent, manners.
Society also tends to hold bad law enforcement in contempt.
Society amplifies it.
Society appears to be affluent and content, but an uneasiness seems to permeate the air.
Society appears to be guilty of manipulating animals for commercial gain and low-cost foods.
Society appears to recoil from the idea of a powerful woman.
Society applies adult standards in order to shape and mould the child.
Society approves of such pastimes for widows.
Society assigns no new responsibilities to aging people other than to be self-reliant.
Society assumes an obligation to do so where animals are concerned.
Society assumes that everyone is sexual by default.
Society assumes that everyone learns and makes connections in the same way.
Society bases whats good and evil and that causes fighting and argument.
Society bears a moral burden as well.
Society bears the cost.
Society bears the costs in many ways.
Society becomes a group of underachievers.
Society becomes a universe devoid of a center.
Society becomes an abomination like a frog in a saucepan.
Society becomes an area for close scrutiny, particularly female constructions, in Orlando .
Society becomes an emergent property of the interactions between individuals.
Society becomes an extension of the family.
Society becomes just an excuse for why people don t seek out their dreams.
Society becomes the reality for man.
Society begin against whatever coat once receive fly reels.
Society begins to forget.
Society begins to speak more directly to the boy.
Society begins with the family, the starting point for mutual aid and support.
Society believes that blind people are less fortunate and less capable.
Society believes that our emotional feelings are a result of our experiences in our environment.
Society believes that the maternal instinct bestows upon women a superior ability to protect.
Society blames kids rather than control guns .
Society blames music groups like marylin manson for the shoting at calinbine and eminme.
Society blames young people for social problems they created.
Society breaks down in the midst of the carrion.
Society calls it a disease.
Society camouflages the occult as literature and art.
Society can also influence a sexually questioning youth when it encourages gay self-labeling.
Society can always use more engineers because engineers can make jobs for themselves.
Society can apologize. . . .
Society can be cruel when it comes to someone's economic status.
Society can be either public or private.
Society can be extremely sensitive about political correctness.
Society can be just as effectively protected with sentences of life without parole.
Society can be the most effective force in stifling imagination and expression.
Society can be tolerant and broad-minded for new ideas to work.
Society can be very cruel.
Society can benefit when the individual's motivation is shared by the collective.
Society can cause an individual to have any character it desires by providing the right environment.
Society can change.
Society can function that way, but forget liberty, freedom, justice, and equality.
Society can function without the use of any coercion and intervention.
Society can handle our minor cultural differences.
Society can help, too, they say.
Society can hold environmental values distinct from the desire to reach a Pareto-efficient level.
Society can move rapidly towards sustainable development, as soon as it decides it really wants to.
Society can no longer afford the cultural phenomenon of mandatory mass car ownership.
Society can no longer tolerate the specific targeting of young people by tobacco companies.
Society can now control the economy and be free of the anarchy of capitalism.
Society can only benefit by recognizing three, instead of two, genders.
Society can only punish.
Society can only stand on a foundation of education and personal responsibility.
Society can progress only if what is advanced is given full play and prevails over what is backward.
Society can reduce the harm associated with drug abuse, rather than exacerbate the harm.
Society can say, nothing doing.
Society can separate the youth and the elderly.
Society can subject the distribution of wealth to whatever rules it thinks best.
Society can support men in their exploration of new skills.
Society can survive entertainment that has a slight edge to it.
Society can take it away.
Society carries culture.
Society celebrates the artist as a unique figure separate from the mundane rhythms of everyday life.
Society changes from one period to another, and people with it.
Society changes in all sorts of ways to get value from inventions.
Society changes slowly, group of people even slower.
Society changes to correct bad things on a good decade.
Society cheers only for the most able.
Society clearly benefits from a decrease in costs due to an increase in advertising on the Internet.
Society clearly gains from the production of either more output or more highly valued output.
Society clearly rewards winners.
Society commits murder entirely under the unsupportable assumption that it deters.
Society concerns itself with the behavior of each citizen.
Society concerns themselves with the behavior of each citizen.
Society condemns alike both the men who use prostitutes and the girls who get into it.
Society condemns fooling around with another guy.
Society condemns the use of marijuana and condones tobacco.
Society condones the use of corporal punishment on children.
Society conforms to the same basic principles as does the individual.
Society considers eidetic imagery to be childish.
Society consists of heterogeneous individuals who interact non-hierarchically to mutual advantage.
Society consists of heterogeneous individuals who interact non-hierarchically to mutual advantages.
Society consists of individuals.
Society consists of what people do because of necessity, because they have to.
Society consists of what people do because of necessity, because they HAVE to.
Society continually places specific and often restrictive standards on the female gender.
Society continually struggles with competing values and aspirations.
Society continues financial support.
Society continues to demand more accountability from our schools.
Society continues to maintain unspoken yet different expectations for the genders.
Society controls access to medications to protect consumers.
Society conveys to rape victims that they are responsible for the assault.
Society creates almost an invisible line where what is unnatural seems natural.
Society creates data by inventing a variety of number systems to quantify data.
Society creates graffiti.
Society creates inequality.
Society creates ITEMs out of people.
Society creates order and grants the state legitimacy.
Society currently places a high premium on ' planned parenthood'.
Society debates authorship.
Society decides that killing someone is bad and makes it illegal.
Society decides the controls needed to protect the health of the people.
Society defines it as maladaptive behavior, yet within the framework of the disease there is logic.
Society defines success as fame, fortune and achievement.
Society definitely encourages and condones men's violence toward women.
Society definitely has a stake in what happens to families.
Society demands a modern postal sector.
Society demands a stronger participation from libraries in adult literacy programs.
Society demands it.
Society demands more and more results, faster and faster.
Society demands more than skilled labor from the recognized professional.
Society demands much higher standards of appearance from a woman than it does from a man.
Society demands no less.
Society demands nothing from the industry beyond quality control, and general obedience to the law.
Society demands such sacrifices in the face of a serious threat to public health or safety.
Society demands that companies continue to look for ways to operate as clean as possible.
Society demands that the buildings it occupies be free of threat from fire.
Society demands two mutually exclusive things from employers.
Society depends absolutely on six inches of topsoil and schools run by teachers.
Society depends on clean and safe water.
Society depends on moral foundations.
Society depends on universities to extend the boundaries of knowledge.
Society derives enormous benefits from diesel engines, which also produce air-borne particulates.
Society deserves protection from it.
Society deserves protection from sexual predators.
Society deserves to have all convicted criminals separated from the general population.
Society desperately needs the church.
Society determines morality.
Society develops further and expands.
Society dictates neither morality nor virtue.
Society dictates that elders be gatekeepers.
Society dictates what jobs are appropriate and respectable for females.
Society dictates where the focus of the criminal justice system is exerted.
Society discounts the experiences of biracials and the issues they confront.
Society discourages personal mayhem, but the collective violence of nations is another matter.
Society discusses the ethics of euthanasia, genetic cloning, and income tax preparation.
Society does care.
Society does lose out, though, in tax collections.
Society does of course get some basic safeguards out of the code-makers' volumes.
Society does send out a lot of mixed messages.
Society does the inventing and reinventing of words.
Society does the same when it creates law.
Society does, but the person getting it benefits as well.
Society elicits sexual behavior in kids.
Society embraces politicians with absolutely no moral fiber.
Society encourages divorce on the grounds of incompatibility and unhappiness.
Society encourages selfishness, greediness, vulgarity, and cruelty.
Society encourages some choices, discourages others, often based on prevailing prejudices.
Society encourages the conservative while it condone aspiring changes.
Society enhances efficiency by division of labor .
Society even defines kings, and the lesser serves the greater.
Society even fashions institutions for that purpose.
Society even winks at illegal bookmaking.
Society eventually demands to know what happened.
Society evolves just as the individual.
Society exerts lots of pressure on blind people to do things like everybody else.
Society exists because of rules, laws, standards, guidelines and restrictions.
Society exists for the development of cultural and social links between Great Britain and Finland.
Society exists in a cooperative environment , so does science.
Society exists prior to any particular individual's existence.
Society exists to promote the security and dignity of the person.
Society exists, in a sense, to control people.
Society expects a great deal from successful companies.
Society expects a lot, perhaps sometimes too much, of police officers.
Society expects a person to relate to another's presence and to interact appropriately.
Society expects a shoe.
Society expects all normal people to get married and live a monogamous life for ever and ever.
Society expects 'clean' water to be consistently available out of our taps.
Society expects educators to solve all of society's problems.
Society expects engineers to be scrupulously honest in their actions.
Society expects girls to behave differently than boys.
Society expects grandparents and relatives to take over.
Society expects higher education to develop students to be responsible citizens.
Society expects it and victims and their families deserve it.
Society expects kids to go to a real school in kindergarten.
Society expects married couples to have children if they are able and willing.
Society expects men to be masculine, strong, dominant, aggressive, and in control.
Society expects more from their officers than they do from themselves.
Society expects so much, and the kids end up feeling scattered.
Society faces a short-run tradeoff between inflation and unemployment.
Society faces some difficult choices regarding action on global warming.
Society falls into disuse and people become liars and hypocrites.
Society favors married couples.
Society favors the thin body.
Society fears fundamental questioning and represses it.
Society feeds unhealthy attitudes about food by frowning upon eating.
Society feels that education is essential for the children.
Society finches tolerate nest checks well.
Society finds itself in a blind alley.
Society finds violent behavior difficult to understand.
Society focuses on being slender.
Society focuses on consumerism, prestige and the like.
Society focuses on quality of life, which means wellness for individuals, families, and communities.
Society focuses on the history of the book in America.
Society focuses primarily on women when dealing with rape and sexual assault.
Society forbids it.
Society frowns upon the act of complaint as whining and selfish.
Society gains nothing by holding for an hour any man a prisoner who is fit to be at large.
Society gains nothing.
Society generally looks at the contribution of development to health.
Society generally views faith communities as safe places.
Society gets more government projects, more consumption and fewer private investment projects.
Society gets the type of policing it demands.
Society gets what it gives rewards for.
Society give into several camera indeed begin sleep walking.
Society give into several camera indeed begin vertigo treatment diagnosis.
Society gives police officers the tools to perform their jobs.
Society goes backwards.
Society goes into decay and finally destroys itself.
Society goes to the ballot box Electing on whim.
Society governs appearances and personalities.
Society grants a profession a limited privilege and responsibility to regulate itself.
Society handicaps individuals by building inaccessible schools, theaters, homes, buses, etc.
Society harvests the rest.
Society has a big misconception about inner city kids.
Society has a considerable impact on the development of new artforms.
Society has a cultural duty to protect and remunerate creative achievements.
Society has a deep vested interest in creating cooperative members.
Society has a duty to intervene in families where there is violence and to keep the children safe.
Society has a duty to protect itself from such an attack.
Society has a favourite image of the mad, creative genius.
Society has a great interest in the well being of all children.
Society has a great stake in ensuring that the alarming rate of sexual harassment goes down.
Society has a growing library of books, audio and video tapes for self-learning for the membership.
Society has a heavy responsibility.
Society has a huge interest in the outcome and the offspring of every marriage.
Society has a limited number of hazard mitigation dollars to invest.
Society has a long way to go to empower women and for men to get past feeling threatened.
Society has a major itch .
Society has a natural tendency to place influence on others.
Society has a perfect niche for such women.
Society has a pervasive and strong interest in preventing and redressing attacks upon reputation.
Society has a prejudice against fat people.
Society has a problem with unwanted , unsightly excrement.
Society has a responsibility for that as well.
Society has a responsibility to be inclusive of everyone.
Society has a responsibility to children.
Society has a responsibility to provide education to all students.
Society has a responsibility to the fetus, but society also has a responsibility to the mother.
Society has a responsibility.
Society has a right to protect itself by prudent means.
Society has a right to regulate and curb such visible and open assaults on human dignity.
Society has a right to say that some things, even though legal, are wrong.
Society has a role to play though.
Society has a special responsibility to ensure a decent life for our senior citizens and veterans.
Society has a stake in education at localized levels, as well as overall.
Society has a tendency to devolve to it's lowest common denominator.
Society has a tendency to view mental health issues differently from medical ones.
Society has a vested interest in fostering heterosexual relationships with marriage being the ideal.
Society has a way of pushing our young people into early decisions.
Society has a way of toning down one's creativity as they get older.
Society has also an active role in organizing international statistical conferences and seminars.
Society has an ambivalent attitude to knowing about sexual mores.
Society has an effect on the brain.
Society has an extensive library.
Society has an indisputable obligation to fund programs that help children with special needs.
Society has an inherent interest in entertainment.
Society has an interest in marital stability.
Society has an interest in minimizing the psychological cost of foster care.
Society has an intimate relationship with rivers as resources.
Society has an obligation to minimize such tragedy and suffering.
Society has an obligation to provide it for all families.
Society has an undeniable stake in successful marriage.
Society has boxes to categorise and evaluate.
Society has changed, people believe that they have to put in effort to get a good job and keep it.
Society has different views about what is an acceptable way to discipline children.
Society has few other forms of control over the political system.
Society has fewer pet stereotypes with which to confuse the issues surrounding their lives.
Society has good reason to be concerned about that.
Society has good reason to penalize killers.
Society has higher standards of living today than in the past.
Society has kept women separated and silent, so they have no power.
Society has laws against the use of recreational drugs.
Society has little tolerance for public hypocrisy.
Society has lots of problems, the most serious of which tend to wind up in court.
Society has many customs that require varying amounts of time to follow.
Society has many more valuable assets than land whose ownership are registered privately.
Society has many problems.
Society has mixed feelings among themselves.
Society has no centre and no head.
Society has no compunction about prostituting women to sell products.
Society has no obligation to grant that.
Society has no opportunity for a second opinion.
Society has no power to act.
Society has no pre-established mores about cybersex.
Society has no problem with children participating in such transactions.
Society has no right to go into the home and to intervene.
Society has now qualified and experienced staff and five fully equipped offices.
Society has only to regulate it, optimizing positive effects and minimizing negative effects.
Society has other ideas.
Society has other values and they are very well reflected in cartoons.
Society has pushed the issue that men are too violent, crime is on the rise.
Society has rights too and they are superior.
Society has such a warped view of what is normal and acceptable vs. what is abnormal.
Society has temperamentally conservative people in it.
Society has the choice of two approaches to energy.
Society has the means to protect itself from criminals without resorting to the death penalty.
Society has the most influence in a person's point of view on a given point.
Society has the obligation to make good, pure food affordable and accessible to all.
Society has the responsibility to protect ALL children from abuse and neglect.
Society has the tendency to say that all sex is straight hetero sex and anything else is dirty.
Society has therefore an obligation to remove barriers and become an agent of change.
Society has three groups.
Society has three regional sections.
Society has to acknowledge that things have really changed.
Society has to be built.
Society has to be educated and responsible.
Society has to be outraged.
Society has to bridge the Net gap.
Society has to choose what expectations to present to our kids.
Society has to create support systems to help the SMEs.
Society has to decide how much it is worth to prevent a day in the hospital.
Society has to decide on the goals and objectives for agricultural policies.
Society has to decide which commodities to make.
Society has to enforce standards independent of the courts, the police, and the statute books.
Society has to face up to the unpleasant reality of a conflict between modernity and morality.
Society has to figure out how to attract people back to nursing.
Society has to guard itself, and judge by the concerns and needs of the system at large.
Society has to have some losses in order to make gains.
Society has to have the punishment part.
Society has to learn to do simple things.
Society has to live with, and deal with, what the system has created.
Society has to provide the basis to develop feelings of peace and agreement.
Society has to realize that schizophrenia, like diabetes and epilepsy, is a medical illness.
Society has to reorganize itself.
Society has to stop blaming menopausal women about their weight gain.
Society has too few good people to be able to afford the luxury of such non-involvement.
Society has too much compassion for nature's rejects.
Society has two contrasting yet equally deeply ingrained attitudes.
Society hates losers.
Society have a great impact in the future of the Black boy.
Society helps find homes for the animals after their careers end.
Society helps parents with such things as a child's access to tobacco, guns, drugs, alcohol.
Society holds books in high reverence, perhaps as a result of their long history.
Society holds physicians in very high regard and that is heady stuff to behold.
Society holds together through man's spirit of fair play and the spirit of religion.
Society ignores biblical admonitions against such activity.
Society imposes upon individual.
Society improves as a result of an educated p ublic.
Society includes family, economic, church and civic institutions.
Society includes the economic systems, society's institutions and values of professional groups.
Society increasingly demands people with an international education.
Society increasingly expects more than skilled technical labor from recognized professionals.
Society increasingly relies on complex computerized systems to accomplish basic daily functioning.
Society increasingly uses computers.
Society inevitably raises up leaders who rule wisely or poorly.
Society influences sexual behavior and presents children with conflicting ideas.
Society influences the development of technology.
Society intervenes only when their actions become public, thus threatening public morality.
Society invests heavily in universities, and it legitimately expects returns on that investment.
Society invests in the training and professional development of technical people.
Society is a carrier of culture.
Society is a chain of relations.
Society is a class struggle.
Society is a collaboration.
Society is a collection of individuals and of the various groups they voluntarily form.
Society is a collection of individuals.
Society is a complex identity consisting of many cultures and traditions.
Society is a consequence of what happened long ago.
Society is a constantly shifting, moving target and, therefore, change is inevitable.
Society is a fickle thing.
Society is a finite game with certain rules that have to be adhered to.
Society is a great composite picture of our power to harm.
Society is a group of people sharing a common culture.
Society is a human product.
Society is a legal entity to which people can donate their estates or a legacy.
Society is a lie.
Society is a matrix of individual complex souls.
Society is a non-profit organization.
Society is a partnership.
Society is a performance.
Society is a process that maximizes individual growth through interactions with others.
Society is a reflection of our inner state of consciousness.
Society is a registered charity eligible to receive tax deductible donations.
Society is a religious fact.
Society is a social institution.
Society is a structure in process energized by man.
Society is a system of inherited forms reducing our humiliating passivity to nature.
Society is a system.
Society is a trickier nut to crack.
Society is a union of men for the purpose of accomplishing a particular objective.
Society is able to be informed through the media.
Society is about to shift into another gear.
Society is actually quite unforgiving to women.
Society is affected by the billions of dollars spent yearly on brain health issues.
Society is all a-buzz about spiritual matters.
Society is almost over.
Society is also a great composite picture of our ability to do good.
Society is also a probabilistic rather than a deterministic system.
Society is also hierarchically related to individuals.
Society is also responsible.
Society is always evil.
Society is always keen to hide from view that which makes it uncomfortable.
Society is always right.
Society is always to blame.
Society is an abstract construct built on the results of the games and struggles of the past.
Society is an artificial construction, a defense against nature's power.
Society is an easy scapegoat.
Society is an extension of the individual.
Society is an immense force upon every person's life.
Society is an interaction of systems which is in constant change.
Society is an objective entity.
Society is an objective reality.
Society is an organism.
Society is another area that pressures young girls.
Society is another conditioning factor.
Society is anterior to man, ie before man became man.
Society is as addicted to scientists as scientists are addicted to science.
Society is at a critical point, with low morals and lifestyle.
Society is at fault.
Society is avid for action.
Society is awash in health information, and knowledgeable consumers can quickly find advice.
Society is based largely around tribal villages.
Society is based on stereotypes.
Society is based on the control and direction of socio-sexual behavior.
Society is based on the fact that one person is ready to work with another.
Society is basic to the Japanese view of the world.
Society is basically unfulfilled, searching for answers.
Society is better off with real owners of resources, rather than pretend owners.
Society is beyond being very emotionally heated about politics and public life.
Society is bigoted.
Society is bombarded with the hopeless inevitability of life's end.
Society is born.
Society is both a creation of human beings and an environment for human development.
Society is broken.
Society is brutalized when the government kills people.
Society is built by man and reflects man's culture, laws, mores, and lifestyles.
Society is built on the interaction of different organizations.
Society is built on trust.
Society is built upon their acquiescence, and upon their small and necessary labors.
Society is built upon trust, and without trust, there can be little more than discouragement.
Society is challenged by art to look beyond a limited view.
Society is coercive.
Society is comfortable and supportive, as long as one conforms to it.
Society is commonly too cheap.
Society is complex enough as it stands.
Society is complex, and it's often very messy.
Society is complicated.
Society is composed of competing individuals.
Society is composed of families, and is what the heads of families make it.
Society is composed of interdependent parts working together to fill the needs of society.
Society is composed of mutually interdependent groups.
Society is composed of the dead as well as the living.
Society is comprised of a community of interdependent individuals and families.
Society is comprised of dynamic communities that determine the nature of health care.
Society is comprised of individuals with great competence in their respective fields.
Society is comprised of myriad competing interests.
Society is concerted action, cooperation.
Society is confronted with a greater variety of geology-related issues than ever before.
Society is controlled by whomever initiates the control.
Society is corrupted precisely through the want of Christian education.
Society is cowardly as well as selfish and greedy.
Society is dark.
Society is dead meat.
Society is defined by patterns of human communication.
Society is defined by previous generations.
Society is defined in terms of the crimes it commits.
Society is dependent on democratic access to information.
Society is dependent on rules, rules which are enforced.
Society is depicted as a huge mechanical system governed by outward causes.
Society is deprived of the taxes such a productive member pays.
Society is desensitized when it comes to violence.
Society is designed to produce workers.
Society is destroyed by overpopulation.
Society is dichotomized into the superrich and the struggling underclass.
Society is different right now and more people are doing things for themselves.
Society is different today.
Society is different.
Society is differentiated.
Society is divided into classes.
Society is divided into different classes.
Society is divided into rigid castes denoted by genetic purity.
Society is divided into warring groups and classes, based upon material interests.
Society is divided on the issue.
Society is divisible into workers, beggars and thieves, whether the society is high or low.
Society is division of labor and combin ation of labor.
Society is dominantly male, technology wise.
Society is down one block on the left.
Society is dysfunctional.
Society is egalitarian, democratic, and respectful of human rights.
Society is enamored with love, but shallow.
Society is enfeebled by the parasite, and it, in turn, degenerates.
Society is enriched by the inclusion of all students.
Society is enriched when everyone is included.
Society is essential to human development.
Society is essential to the fulfillment of the human vocation.
Society is essentially the mutual exchange of services.
Society is ethnically diverse, and many religions are represented.
Society is even harder on childish adults than they are on childlike adults.
Society is everything, including power.
Society is excellent, intelligent, moral, friendly and honest.
Society is fair and civilized.
Society is fairly liquid, constantly evolving, changing, re-focusing, adapting, etc.
Society is far too liberal and the punishments convicts receive are far too soft.
Society is fixated on body shape and size.
Society is formed according to the merit of the super-individuals reigning over the general mass.
Society is formed by a large group of individuals with diverse thoughts and beliefs.
Society is formed, and common values affirmed, through the shared use of public spaces.
Society is founded upon it.
Society is fractionated across one cleavage, and intense violence is likely.
Society is fractured into classes and faction preys upon faction.
Society is fuedal.
Society is full of closed shops and tertiary education institutions are selling entree tickets.
Society is full of maggots, feasting on themselves.
Society is fundamentally egalitarian and has no privileged chiefly class.
Society is fundamentally egalitarian and has no privileged class.
Society is generally discriminatory.
Society is generally more accepting of women's views and participation in France.
Society is generally sensitised to the injustice perpetuated on women over the centuries.
Society is grossly unequal.
Society is group-oriented and people identify strongly with their group.
Society is hard on overweight people, even on people who are only mildly overweight.
Society is harmed.
Society is held together by the assumption of responsiveness.
Society is home for the machine.
Society is homogeneous with no significant ethnic minorities.
Society is horrified if animals are killed, but it is socially acceptable to destroy human life.
Society is impatient.
Society is improved one life at a time.
Society is in a state of change that some claim is as dramatic as the Industrial Revolution.
Society is in constant change.
Society is in crisis.
Society is in danger because pride reigns, as does insubordination and rebellion.
Society is in quotation marks.
Society is in the midst of fundamental change on every front.
Society is in the midst of great change.
Society is increasingly concerned about environmental degradation, animal welfare, and food safety.
Society is indeed a contract.
Society is influenced by the field of chemistry in essentially all phases of life.
Society is integrated by numerous cross-cutting conflicts .
Society is intuitively more nuturing of babies precisely because they are more fragile.
Society is just as interested in the aquittal of the innocent as the punishment of the guilty.
Society is largely secular.
Society is led by the very wise.
Society is left with a lot of small adults who have had to mortgage their future to survive today.
Society is less organized geographically but increasingly by interest groups.
Society is less stable.
Society is less than fair.
Society is life.
Society is lucky, most are nice.
Society is made of people, and if the people are bad, then society is bad.
Society is made up of clans, localized territorially, and is a socio-political confederation.
Society is made up of communications and nothing but communications.
Society is made up of deception.
Society is made up of individual human beings.
Society is made up of individual people.
Society is made up of many factors.
Society is made up of people, and people are the same the world over.
Society is maintained by natural sense and natural feeling.
Society is man written large.
Society is messed up in that respect.
Society is more accepting of civil rights for lesbians and gays than it has been in the past.
Society is more accepting of gambling, and more adults gamble openly and legally.
Society is more comfortable with blaming the oral contraceptive pills.
Society is more complex and students experience more problems than they used to.
Society is more complex now.
Society is more concerned about clean air and water than ever before.
Society is more concerned with getting rid of symptoms than discovering the real problem.
Society is more diverse and rapidly becoming more so.
Society is more eroticised in an artificial way.
Society is more fragmented.
Society is more important to a woman than an interesting man.
Society is more or less organized on the basis that there are.
Society is more primitive, hostile, and selfish as a result.
Society is more promiscuous, as in Europe, a natural reaction to ever-present death.
Society is much more complex and our children are exposesd to much more information.
Society is much more complicated with multiple roles.
Society is never happy.
Society is never more than one generation away from moral and spiritual bankruptcy.
Society is no exception.
Society is no help here.
Society is no help.
Society is no longer at fault.
Society is no longer to blame.
Society is no safer when the innocent are convicted.
Society is no-longer friendly with each other, or neighborly.
Society is nothing but a game.
Society is nothing but a necessary, beneficial and even vital agreement between everyone .
Society is nothing but the individuals who compose it.
Society is nothing more than an accumulation of human nature.
Society is nothing more than an aggregation of individuals.
Society is nothing without good plumbing.
Society is now a complex hierarchy of overlapping and mobile classifications.
Society is now better off with congestion pricing.
Society is now getting two social events for the price of one, it seems.
Society is obligated to assure equal opportunity for all citizens.
Society is obligated to respect the right to life for example.
Society is obliged, if it can, to provide the child with the means to survive.
Society is offered an explosion of data, news, and knowledge.
Society is on a path to problems.
Society is on a rapid downslide, indicating a prelude to the last days.
Society is on the run.
Society is on the verge of collapse.
Society is only a reflection of our collective spirit.
Society is only an abstract word.
Society is ordered toward the common good.
Society is organised on the basis of a two legged, two armed, walking model.
Society is organised scepticism.
Society is organized around neighborhoods, called leikais.
Society is organized by codes of convention.
Society is organized.
Society is our business, and only the members of society, as customers, create our purpose.
Society is our extended mind and body.
Society is our resource base and the driving force of development.
Society is our state of nature.
Society is over rated.
Society is partially to blame.
Society is partly to blame.
Society is patriarchal and focused around the clan.
Society is patrilineal , with lines of descent and inheritances traced through the males.
Society is perceived as being much more violent than it really is.
Society is permeated with physically beaten, emotionally devastated, and sexually violated children.
Society is polarized and the air is pregnant with danger.
Society is powerless against it.
Society is prepared for an army of youthful workers.
Society is pretty crazy.
Society is primarily a set-up of relations established among individuals.
Society is primary.
Society is principally organized around kinship with a rigid kinship hierarchy.
Society is quick to put the blame on the woman when it comes to infidelity.
Society is quieter, but the ton is still there, the same rules apply.
Society is quite simple.
Society is racked by immense crisis, and yet no progressive mass movement of opposition has emerged.
Society is ready for the abstinence message, and it needs to be promoted widely.
Society is reconstructed.
Society is repaid directly through the punishment of the offender.
Society is reshaped from top to bottom by nanotechnology.
Society is responsible for supporting and aiding integration and preservation of adoptive families.
Society is responsible to fulfill physical necessities.
Society is saturated with negative images.
Society is saturated with such information.
Society is sceptical about new technologies.
Society is seen as a four-head monster of apocalypse, oppression and universal troubles of mankind.
Society is seen as a set of power games.
Society is seen as characterised by injustices and inequalities based on gender.
Society is seen as the product of human action structured by norms and values.
Society is seen therefore as a constant struggle between ideologies competing for hegemony.
Society is served well when the maximum number of goods is produced at the lowest possible prices.
Society is set up to punish most transgressions in one way or another.
Society is shallow, just like that murky puddle.
Society is sick in the head when it come to collectibles.
Society is slow to believe that supposedly nice, respectable adults molest children.
Society is slow to learn what true depression involves.
Society is so cruel to older women.
Society is so different than it was back then.
Society is so focused now on converting wild land to subdivisions.
Society is so harsh about having to conform to be accepted.
Society is so hung up about sexuality that it hides behind a wall of silence about sexual hygiene.
Society is so hypocritical.
Society is so much more complex than that.
Society is so repressed.
Society is something in nature that precedes the individual.
Society is sometimes so unfair, where as dogs overlook disease, they give love so they can be loved.
Society is specially proud of the oldest and youngest sisters who achieved national recognition.
Society is spiritually a desert.
Society is split apart by lies right now, lies about worth of people and things.
Society is split up into various clans that all war with each other over resources for survival.
Society is stable and moves along smoothly.
Society is steeped in it, life is soaked with it.
Society is still a bit suspect of non- procreating females.
Society is still a bit suspicious of nonprocreating females.
Society is still embarrassed by it.
Society is still merciless to whole classifications of culture.
Society is still united against the faithful.
Society is stressed to the max.
Society is strong when a family is strong.
Society is structure more horizontally.
Society is structured into five classes.
Society is stupid to be scared of the night and the dark the way they are.
Society is the audience and the public eye.
Society is the better for it.
Society is the big winner when people are able to move on up.
Society is the decision-making unit, and has to consider the costs of a college education.
Society is the driving force behind much of human behavior.
Society is the environment for the human organisms found living in it.
Society is the environment of itself.
Society is the eventual judge of what is good art.
Society is the expression of community as seen from within.
Society is the fault of conditions.
Society is the human subsystem of environment.
Society is the most litigious of all time.
Society is the one who deny the truth.
Society is the outcome of conscious and purposeful behavior.
Society is the pattern of human interaction.
Society is the reason that children and youth are in the streets.
Society is the same.
Society is the scene of a constant battle for dominance by competing ideologies .
Society is the testing ground for Christian thought and action.
Society is the totality of relationships among human beings.
Society IS the ultimate machine.
Society is the way it is.
Society is the work-shop in which new ones are elaborated.
Society is the worse for our absence as media critics.
Society is their family.
Society is therefore indispensable for mankind.
Society is therefore no better off after the discharge and new hiring.
Society is thus a personification of oppressive evil now confront by social change which is good.
Society is thus in a constant state of war against sin - against internal sin.
Society is thus like a four-wheel drive vehicle.
Society is tied up in injustice, and that includes our organizations.
Society is to blame for the corruption that mankind endures.
Society is to blame.
Society is told that the most important part of a community is the safety of their children.
Society is tolerant on religious matters.
Society is too complex for individuals to go it alone anymore.
Society is too complex, unpredictable, and deeply rooted to be designed or recreated by anyone.
Society is too violent.
Society is too willing to lay the blame on other factors.
Society is tough on women in terms of attractiveness.
Society is uncomfortable with and pitying about epilepsy.
Society is used to fighting local crime.
Society is vain and materialistic and being intelligent or speaking out is denounced.
Society is vertical.
Society is very dependent on transporting goods and people.
Society is very open about sexual activity, and there is more sex in the media than ever.
Society is very tolerant.
Society is viewed as a stable, orderly system.
Society is well governed when the people obey the magistrates, and the magistrates obey the laws.
Society is well integrated and free of racial tensions.
Society is where men expose their true convictions and stand as pillars of strength for society.
Society is woman s protection against rape.
Society is worse off without fathers.
Society is woven together by the different skills of people, each complementing the other.
Society is yet to realise that the blind have equal rights to the sighted.
Society is, from a certain perspective, simply an organized group of individuals.
Society is, in essence, the way in which people interact within communities.
Society isa social group.
Society judges people by the times at which they conduct certain activities.
Society just requires it.
Society keeps on muddling through.
Society knows of many persons who, though born of a family, are very much alone or displaced.
Society knows, in large part, how to respond to hurricanes.
Society likes to categorize things, to include people.
Society lives for trifles.
Society looks for excuses.
Society looks for technological solutions to moral problems.
Society looks toward science and technology to find new energy sources and to solve future problems.
Society looks up to academic qualifications as something superior.
Society looks up to certain people for ignorant reasons.
Society looks upon the offenders with a kinder and more lenient eye.
Society loses as well.
Society loses by encouraging a fraudulent act.
Society loves all the degrees and diplomas.
Society loves to blame it on peer pressure.
Society maintains a card catalog of deaths in the county.
Society maintains an equivocal attitude to adoption.
Society makes demands on males.
Society makes it difficult.
Society makes it doubly tough for men to deal with the aftermath of abortion.
Society makes it doubly tough for men to deal with the aftermath of an abortion decision.
Society makes it easy for men to opt out of child care, and house work.
Society makes it very easy to be heterosexual and very hard to be homosexual.
Society makes many gays embarrassed and ashamed of their sexuality because of stereotypes.
Society makes people feel ugly, honestly.
Society makes policies based upon broad principles.
Society makes quick, almost unconscious judgments about people who have multiple scars.
Society makes teenagers feel that there is nothing they can do and that their voices don t count.
Society makes the decision.
Society makes the parent into legislature, court, and sheriff for the child.
Society makes too much of cure.
Society makes use of many different animals for food and clothing.
Society mandates that food be completely and totally safe for all individuals.
Society moves with popular beliefs, whether they are right or wrong.
Society naturally strives to the highest standards.
Society needs a bigger mirror.
Society needs a certain amount of order to function.
Society needs a common set of values that encourages the efficient exchange of goods and services.
Society needs a measure of homeopathic revenge.
Society needs a moral foundation.
Society needs a new term that encompasses all of the nonmedical health care.
Society needs a reservoir of all types of skill sets.
Society needs advocates for all kinds of causes.
Society needs and wants the food and fiber that agriculture produces.
Society needs everyone's contribution until one's journey physically ends.
Society needs good parents and well-raised children.
Society needs healthy children.
Society needs healthy mothers to raise healthy men.
Society needs heterotopias, no matter how costly they are to preserve.
Society needs institutions to serve such social goals as political freedom and social justice.
Society needs institutions.
Society needs intellectuals.
Society needs it.
Society needs journalists who put professional duty before their desire to help.
Society needs knowledgeable, skillful people in order to function.
Society needs moderate political involvement, a readiness for compromise.
Society needs more .
Society needs more engineers than ever before.
Society needs more people that care about the environment.
Society needs more skilled workers.
Society needs more team-building activities that chip away at class barriers.
Society needs new guidelines and a new center - and that center has to be decency and equality.
Society needs one profession charged with documenting reality.
Society needs other engines as well.
Society needs our input, our training and our expertise.
Society needs our talents.
Society needs people who have that kind of freedom and flexibility.
Society needs scrapmen, but it glorifies builders.
Society needs something positive, as an engine, in order to have something which holds it together.
Society needs such learners in our rapidly changing world.
Society needs that energy.
Society needs the aggregates industry.
Society needs the flexibility to embrace new ideas.
Society needs the values of children and adults.
Society needs to accept and provide equal opportunities for such choices.
Society needs to be a partner in assuming blame and implementing corrective action.
Society needs to be educated at an early age to conserve and become environment conscious.
Society needs to be proactive now to control a rising epidemic.
Society needs to be specific when it talks about riches and benefits from biotechnology.
Society needs to become aware of how everyone is vulnerable to manipulation.
Society needs to become aware of the tremendous impact that abortion is having.
Society needs to begin a broad discussion on the potential risks and benefits of GMOs.
Society needs to change direction politically, socially, economically.
Society needs to collect information in the interests of planning efficiency.
Society needs to do a better job of teaching both children and adults what sport is all about.
Society needs to find ways to reduce economic dependence on persistent human-made substances.
Society needs to get a vision of what is going on in the criminal justice system.
Society needs to have confidence in people appointed to professional and other roles.
Society needs to have some allowance for polite rebellion, lest it be too easy to slip into tyrrany.
Society needs to have the gumption to enforce civilization.
Society needs to keep functioning while improvements are made, and computers are now essential.
Society needs to learn to cope with information spread.
Society needs to let young people know that their contributions are valued.
Society needs to live up to their actions.
Society needs to loosen up.
Society needs to nurture it constantly.
Society needs to provide young people with the tools the information, health care, family support.
Society needs to put tax legislation in place that makes staying home attractive.
Society needs to realize that our legal system has failed.
Society needs to really take an active role in giving girls a fair chance.
Society needs to reprioritize.
Society needs to set higher expectations for grandparents.
Society needs to somehow return to their earliest childhood years and their first steps.
Society needs to stand on the basic Biblical principles that our country was founded on.
Society needs to stand up and accept responsibility for the state of the nation.
Society needs to start now in devising ways to minimize risks associated with future climate change.
Society needs to start to become accountable for the mistakes it has made, and condoned in the past.
Society needs to take a good hard look at how some students like to pick on certain kids.
Society needs to take an interest in the universe.
Society needs to take women seriously.
Society needs to understand how people can reason legitimately with visually presented information.
Society needs to understand that our children are our future.
Society needs to understand the necessity of government intervention and government regulations.
Society needs to value raising good kids as much as it does doing good research.
Society needs to wake up and change the system.
Society needs to work with the coordination and strength of a single well trained body.
Society never advances.
Society normally deals with traumatic experiences in a predictable fashion.
Society now agrees that a person of color has as much right to liberty as a white person.
Society now demands easy access to information in real time.
Society now demands greater access to health care and accountability from practitioners.
Society now depends on the computer because it makes life simpler and adventurous.
Society now expects public schools to provide various social services to students.
Society now expects the schools to do more and more of the socialization of children.
Society now has the best morale.
Society now has the means to cure disease and eliminate poverty and starvation.
Society now has the means to cure much disease and eliminate poverty and starvation.
Society now is a collection of public, private, religious, etc networks.
Society now returns barbarically rigid.
Society now wants public schools to provide various social services to students.
Society occurs as a result of interaction between individuals and small groups of individuals.
Society offers false version of sexuality, says West .
Society offers historical programs, exhibits, workshops, trips.
Society only allows revolutionary ideas to proceed to the brink of anarchy.
Society only has two social genders to choose from.
Society only offers a few options, most of which involve being beautiful or rich.
Society operates a free web site, which lists tables of contents andhas abstracts of articles.
Society operates at a tremendous speed with regard to work, home and education.
Society ought to require welfare recipients to look for jobs.
Society oversees global growth of the Internet.
Society overvalues work to the detriment of other values like prayer, rest, community.
Society owes all members of their extended family, love and caring.
Society owes young people the message that they matter.
Society pays a price for teenage childbearing, as well.
Society pays a price in hospitalization, elder care and, most distressing, in homelessness.
Society pays an even larger share of the cost of raising and educating children.
Society pays for it in the long run.
Society pays for many of the services it gets.
Society perceives it as acceptable and therefore sanctions it.
Society perceives stealing as a terrible crime worthy of punishment and immediate action.
Society places a great deal of pressure on people.
Society places a low value on their work.
Society places a premium on attractiveness.
Society places an important value on our children.
Society places ever-greater strain on natural ecosystems.
Society places heavy emphasis on a son's duty to marry to perpetuate the family name.
Society places much greater value on the masculine qualities.
Society places such emphasis on doing a sport or participating in a sport.
Society plays a huge role.
Society plays a large part in how women are perceived.
Society plays a major part in corrupting police officers.
Society plays a significant role in the increase of young people wanting to change their bodies.
Society points the finger of blame at the media networks but remains blinded from the real truth.
Society possesses a conventional standard whereby it judges all things.
Society prefers the more constrained forms, but there is no good reason to do so.
Society prescribes a brutal demeanour towards all who are so inconsiderate as to appear in rags.
Society presents relentless temptations.
Society preserves castles, fortresses.
Society pressures farmers to adopt more sustainable systems.
Society presumes that parents want to and do act in their children's best interest.
Society presupposes that laws are to be obeyed.
Society prizes the creation of knowledge and lodges that at the university.
Society produces communication.
Society promises to reward women who achieve slenderness with a. social approval.
Society promotes the usage of our minds less and less, and mental laziness is the result.
Society properly is concerned about possible dangers to species.
Society protects children from exposure to worldly matters.
Society protects itself and the mores that hold it together.
Society provides customs and rituals, but it's a behavior the body knows by heart.
Society provides help for the offender.
Society provides historical information and restoration and establishes historical landmarks.
Society provides little or no safeguards in support of marriage.
Society provides little to support people who are grieving.
Society Provides mages of orchids, a history of the plant and the basics of growing orchids.
Society provides no challenge.
Society provides upon an prowler camper dealer in north carolina.
Society publishes a monthly newsletter.
Society publishes a quarterly newsletter.
Society publishes new disease reports as well as several journals.
Society puts control and money and thinness on the same pedestal, as well.
Society puts labels on everything as good or bad, rich or poor, normal or aberrant.
Society puts little value on caregiving.
Society puts too much pressure on women to have perfect breasts.
Society puts way too much pressure on women and girls to retain a perfect figure.
Society really accepts the idea of the man who is career-driven and also a father.
Society really encourages rebelliousness by having too many rules.
Society really puts too much pressure on men to perform.
Society really supports the nobility of struggle.
Society recognises broad parameters for good and bad.
Society recognizes that animals have their own lives that are worthy of living.
Society recognizes 'the day' as a basic unit of humanity.
Society recognizes the immediate crisis, namely, too few salmon.
Society recognizes value of the new system.
Society reflect that realization, and it is troubling and dividing.
Society reflects high tide of pietist in Germany.
Society reflects the collective consciousness of the people.
Society refuses to listen to either side's observations of truth.
Society refuses to recognize the professional status of teachers.
Society regards global change as a relatively recent and sinister phenomenon.
Society regards reading as essential to daily living.
Society regards such women as less than human, deserving all they get.
Society regulates guns, explosives, drugs, alcohol, tobacco, and pornography.
Society relies on the water cycle to deliver water for all kinds of uses.
Society remains guilty as charged for applying a double standard to sexual behavior.
Society remains sharply divided as to the deterrent value of capital punishment.
Society requires unity of belief.
Society requires warriors to protect it from threats, or to enlarge boundaries.
Society responds in like manner, blaming the addict, reaffirming the self-hatred.
Society responds primarily to cases where a child discloses sexual abuse.
Society results from the interaction of individuals.
Society rewards emotional dishonesty.
Society rewards guys for being funny.
Society rewards productivity, being a hard worker is accepted as a good thing.
Society rightly seeks to protect children from such abuse.
Society routinely uses solutions which lack perfect explanation or measurability.
Society s favourite drugs are alcohol and tobacco, both strongly addictive and misused by millions.
Society says be strong and don t cry.
Society says buy more and get more.
Society says just the opposite.
Society says so.
Society seeks cures for cancer and other diseases.
Society seeks to maintain the status qu o out of pure bloated inertia.
Society seeks to prevent child abuse and neglect.
Society seems almost to actively subvert the shift worker.
Society seems obsessed with sex and violence is glorified in music and movies.
Society seems out to lunch.
Society seems surreal and the actual surrealist stories become more believable.
Society seems to admire people who get along on little sleep.
Society seems to be decaying before our eyes.
Society seems to be falling apart.
Society seems to be getting more and more complicated.
Society seems to be growing more and more self-centered.
Society seems to be having a tough time adopting a system of classification.
Society seems to be heading for hell in a hand basket.
Society seems to be increasingly hypocritical about sex.
Society seems to be on a steep decline plunging into a morass of an immoral wasteland.
Society seems to be poised for a series of strikes and demonstrations.
Society seems to be sheltered from the true horror that occurs on factory farms and slaughterhouses.
Society seems to be the idea that groups of people who have the same values clump together.
Society seems to become increasingly complex.
Society seems to dictate what is normal and acceptable.
Society seems to have decided that the risks outweigh the rewards.
Society seems to require marking of changes in social status.
Society seems to say that fathering is merely providing a paycheck.
Society seems to think that empiricism is the superior manner in which knowledge is gained.
Society seems to value great wealth without commitment.
Society sees a fast-moving complex world within which some simple rules are all too evident.
Society sees a maternity hospital as joyous and giving birth, and flowers and all that goes with it.
Society sees abuse as a breach of individual rights and condemn it.
Society sees and acts through race.
Society sees disability through a non-disabled lens.
Society sees itself classically as above intellect and dominant over intellect.
Society sees lust as a joke really, for uptight church people to sneer at.
Society sees prostitution as an unavoidable 'necessary evil'.
Society sends a clear message.
Society sends adoptees the message to search.
Society sends conflicting messages to youths on a regular basis.
Society sends mixed messages about what it means to be a woman.
Society sends out conflicting messages.
Society sets normalizations that divide men and women into two separate groups.
Society sets the rules and has become quite comfortable in the outcomes of such rules.
Society shapes history when new thought emerges.
Society shapes human identity and human consciousness.
Society shapes our disgust response.
Society shares their ignorance.
Society shows many examples of loosely synchronous behavior.
Society sinks into irredeemable depth of tragedy and poverty.
Society slowly is beginning to recognize the other, hidden side of domestic abuse, say experts.
Society slows down The relaxing effect can go too far.
Society speak during an love before caught unc basketball picture.
Society stands to benefit as a consequence.
Society stands to lose as well.
Society starts from the concept of the absolute freedom in choice.
Society stigmatizes mental health problems.
Society still does little to make room for a lone parent.
Society still embraces thinness as a top priority.
Society still has a knack for judging one's worth only in material terms.
Society still has a very negative attitude regarding women with illegitimate children.
Society still has some work to do on establishing priorities.
Society still holds many stigmas of what a fag is or does.
Society still stigmatizes and discriminates against people with disabilities.
Society still views lesbianism as an abnormality.
Society struggles to decide which parts of nature matter and why.
Society subscribes to the philosophy that it takes a whole village to raise a child.
Society sucks, so make due, and suck it up.
Society suffers needlessly when it condemns a natural human function.
Society suffers through a loss of tax dollars.
Society supports either way.
Society supports what the man wants.
Society surely does have such a stake.
Society swings back and forth between enthusiasm and rejection.
Society takes a lot of pride in the three sisters' success.
Society takes many risks in which innocent lives can be lost.
Society takes on the role of ruler .
Society takes so much for granted.
Society takes what it wants.
Society talks louder than the courts.
Society teaches children exclusive static quality.
Society teaches fear - fear of dishonor.
Society teaches that a career in music means little money and few job opportunities.
Society teaches that people whom one knows can be trusted.
Society teaches women to be nice, compliant, and generally happy.
Society teaches women to be submissive.
Society teaches women to look beautiful.
Society tells women that life without children is no life at all.
Society tells women to depend on looks and demeanor, and skill comes second.
Society tends to be secular.
Society tends to become less politically centralized.
Society tends to decide what is appropriate and inappropriate for inviduals.
Society tends to define love along the same lines as affection.
Society tends to equate a disability with reduced abilities overall.
Society tends to forget about individual people and their feelings.
Society tends to frown on 'loose women' that are reported to frequent the strip clubs.
Society tends to grant more social weight to some people than to others.
Society tends to have a judgmental attitude about sexually transmitted diseases.
Society tends to hold bad laws in contempt.
Society tends to look at what is different from the norm, rather than looking at what is the same.
Society tends to look only at prejudice on the surface.
Society tends to make the same mistakes.
Society tends to minimize the spiritual aspects of life.
Society tends to regard statistics as something that happens to someone else.
Society tends to stereotype men as wage earners and disciplinarians.
Society tends to stray away from issues that have the potential of being too controversial.
Society tends to think of the Bible as a book of stories of ancient peoples.
Society tends to think of the older person as out-dated.
Society tends to try to find single individuals to blame for accidents.
Society tends to view people with disadvantages as dependent and incompetent.
Society tends toward rottenness and decay.
Society then appears as the institutional sum of personal desires.
Society then becomes a series of peaceful, harmonious, and mutually beneficial relationships.
Society then emerges from the interactions of the agents.
Society then reflects such ignorance in various self-destructive ways.
Society there is also perfect.
Society There is at least a modicum of entertainment associated with political events.
Society there is structured to promote and protect Islamic principles.
Society thereby places enormous pressure on doctors to solve all of their problems.
Society thereby reflects a grim, cumulative tally which signals a major cultural decline.
Society therefore has a very real interest in media longevity in sound health.
Society therefore has an obligation to protect itself.
Society therefore needs no prohibitions against incest.
Society thinks and feels collectively and with drone-like lack of common sense.
Society thinks it has enough to do without having to deal with radical perceptual changes.
Society thinks that level of intelligence determines level of ability.
Society thinks that the world belongs to the beautiful and famous and gifted.
Society thus has an interest in making that care better.
Society too needs self-sacrifice or it falls apart.
Society treats the poor as if they have nothing of value to contribute because they are poor.
Society tries hard, and the nonconformists, of course, are the crazy ones.
Society tries to define race, even if genetics can t.
Society trivializes it.
Society typically honors the athlete, the rich man, the professor, the doctor.
Society underestimates the amount of time it takes to get over the death of a pet.
Society undervalues what they do.
Society uniformly condemns adult-child sex.
Society uses imprisonment as punishment.
Society uses schooling to prepare young people for the world of work and culture.
Society uses the down fallen part of itself to promote sales of every possible item.
Society uses the economic means, or cooperation.
Society values human life and bodily integrity much higher than property.
Society views disruptive behavior in schools as a problem of increasing magnitude.
Society views science in three ways.
Society views sex as an individualistic choice.
Society views the relinquishment of one's child for adoption as a voluntary choice.
Society views women as sex objects whose value decreases as they get older.
Society waits in more line-ups today than ten years ago.
Society waits unformed and is between things ended and things begun.
Society wants attractive intelligent leaders.
Society wants commitments kept, assignments done and laws obeyed, employees who are responsible.
Society wants exactly the same thing.
Society wants people to do something in return for assistance.
Society wants protein from meat products.
Society wants slaves because all the vested interests want obedience.
Society wants sustainable forests.
Society wants the convenience of having quality video without having to go somewhere else to see it.
Society wants things done competently in the usual fashion.
Society wants to improve environmental stewardship and reduce the use of pesticides.
Society winks at it or in the name of tolerance embraces it.
Society wins because the camp experience helps make healthy, productive adults.
Society wins by linking together to become an integral part of the solution.
Society wishes to be amused.
Society works best when there is plenty of social capital .
Society works best when there is plenty of social capital.
Society works better that way.
Society works through ideological manipulations.
Society worldwide is marked today by the presence of many religions.
Society worsens with unemployment, violence and crisis of values.
Society's a discourse, though at times it seems absurd.
Societies always reflect the premises upon which they operate.
Societies always try to mold their life to their operating mythology.
Society always benefits from an educated, law-abiding and responsible citizenry.
Society always means police, politics, repression, intimidation, opportunism, hypo-crisy.
Society always poses a problem and that's what turns an avowed paradise into a hell of a nightmare.
Society always seems to want to genderize everything.
Societies often travel as a group to clubs around the country.
Society often blames the victims of date rape for the assault.
Society often cleanses itself in the blood of martyrs.
Society often demands that ordinary people behave almost like robots, with rigid fixed behavior.
Society often does take a step backwards.
Society often encourages people to quickly move away from grief.
Society often finds it difficult to maintain support for such long term projects.
Society often has to decide what is best for everyone.
Society often labels sexual activity perpetrated by women as affectionate or appropriate.
Society often measures power by criteria such as accomplishment, money, status, influence, or fame.
Society often overlooks the needs of adults with autism.
Society often overlooks the position of a general practitioner.
Society often perceives people with mental illnesses as strange, scary, or even dangerous.
Society often reacts to a given problem by passing laws.
Society often rejects the others, and that changes the way they see themselves.
Societies sometimes sing their best songs for centuries.
Society sometimes can be really cruel.
Society sometimes seems too intent on policing morality instead of solving problems.
Societies usually change by virtue of technological progress and economic thrusts into new markets.
Society usually frowns upon people who seem to jump to from one field to another.
All societies appear to distinguish between people and become more or less important that others.
All societies are independent, having no affiliation with any international organizations.
All societies are limited to one annual participation.
All societies are rational and irrational at the same time.
All societies are witness to some form of gang rivalry, and Romania is no exception.
All societies attempt to balance their member's individual freedom against the commonweal.
All societies believe animals have played and do play a special role in our spiritual lives.
All societies can hire Guild rooms for society use free of charge.
All societies contain pressures to conform although to different degrees.
All societies create hierarchies, and forms of address.
All societies create ideologies to make excuses for inequality.
All societies develop a story about the way the world works.
All societies do it.
All societies employ sanctions to enforce standards of behaviour.
All societies evolve naturally out of their predecessors.
All societies evolve.
All societies face the question of how to pay for the increased cost of pensions.
All societies face the relentless demands of a rapidly changing knowledge economy.
All societies fall in between.
All societies go through changes, but in change, some aspects remain stable.
All societies have a classifacatory system of determining kinship terminology.
All societies have a form of social status.
All societies have a mechanism for wasting labor.
All societies have a natural inclination to preserve their own prosperity.
All societies have a set of formal rules.
All societies have a standard.
All societies have a variety of traditional ways of managing and resolving conflict.
All societies have an air or flavour to the way in which they are organised.
All societies have equal status and share equal responsibilities and duties in helping each other.
All societies have institutions and techniques that function as does a biological immune system.
All societies have laws and procedures how to deal with slander.
All societies have laws proscribing murder, rape, theft and a myriad other acts deemed destructive.
All societies have music.
All societies have norms governing sexual behavior.
All societies have religion, and all depend upon it for solidarity.
All societies have rules and guidelines for proper conduct.
All societies have rules.
All societies have social rules.
All societies have some degree of liberty.
All societies have some division of labor based on age and sex.
All societies have some type of ceremony to commemorate the passing of a life.
All societies have structures and patterns that favor one roup over another.
All societies have terrible things in their past.
All societies have their permanent proportion of criminals.
All societies have three realms that are autonomous, but organically related with each other.
All societies have to find effective ways of exercising power, controlling it and transferring it.
All societies have value systems that direct how one acts and interacts in society.
All societies have world views which are based on a set of cultural assumptions.
All societies involve some level of authority.
All societies operate by consent.
All societies possess a certain structure.
All societies really appreciate any effort to learn the local language and culture.
All societies recognize and respect the power of music.
All societies recognize the frailness of the human condition.
All societies require retribution to be proportionate to the wrong done.
All societies see the human body as more than just a physical organism.
All societies selectively glorify certain aspects of their past while neglecting others.
All societies share seven cultural universals.
All societies suffer some crime.
All societies survive by manipulating nature.
All societies take death seriously.
All societies tolerate some surveillance for law enforcement and security purposes.
All societies ultimately depend on their economic performance to further their own existence.
All societies use kinship as a basis for forming social groups and for classifying people.
All societies use language for patently useful things like sharing technology and inventions.
All societies use speech as a vehicle of language.
All societies value different types of intelligences.
All society benefits from a solid foundation of society-conscious organizations.
All society has a long way to go.
All society is for gain, or for glory.
All society uses statistics to track cause and effect.
Any society needs to find ways of regulating ownership, modes of production and human relationships.
Any society using women warriors incurs a significant disadvantage in the long run.
Every society always has some women who never marry .
Every society always has some women who never marry.
Every society breaks down, whether it's Rome, Spain, the British Empire.
Every society celebrates with fat.
Every society changes over time.
Every society consists of many members, each with differing capacities, skills, and desires.
Every society contains some sociopaths who kill people.
Every society defines itself by what it chooses to remember and by what it chooses to forget.
Every society depends on trust and loyalty, on courtesy and kindness, on bravery and reverence.
Every society draws distinctions between good and evil, right and wrong, noble and ignoble.
Every society encourages conformity to the group.
Every society gets the kind of criminal it deserves.
Every society gets the Titus Oates it deserves.
Every society goes through periods of change every so often.
Every society has a body of knowledge what they have learned and understand about the world.
Every society has a distinct cultural system made up of instrumental, symbolic and social relations.
Every society has a place where people can network among their peers.
Every society has a word of ants.
Every society has an elite.
Every society has evil within it.
Every society has gays.
Every society has individuals who have no desire to be religious.
Every society has it.
Every society has laws.
Every society has male and female ideals.
Every society has one, and no two are exactly the same.
Every society has quite different attitudes and taboos about same sex affection and sexual activity.
Every society has rites of passage between childhood and adulthood.
Every society has rituals or rites concerned with separating boys and girls, females from males.
Every society has rules for interpreting life.
Every society has taboos and they appear to be, particularly to the outsider, as irrational.
Every society has taboos.
Every society has the dilemma of infiltrating groups to learn their real intentions.
Every society has the task of allocating social labour in order to maintain it.
Every society has their own viewpoint.
Every society is based on conflict.
Every society is composed of individuals.
Every society is ruled by an elite over-class.
Every society knows that lieing is wrong.
Every society labels the past to authenticate the present.
Every society needs a consistent form of communication currency.
Every society needs a good scapegoat.
Every society needs leaders.
Every society needs some shared values to hold it together.
Every society needs to be fixed in one way or another.
Every society needs to produce the wherewithal for people to live and sustain the next generation.
Every society needs urban space where innovations can be created.
Every society ought to have laws protecting children.
Every society regulates the thoughts and behavior of individuals.
Every society requires charity, as much as it requires self-interest and the market.
Many societies also offer cheaper rates for special book series and conferences.
Many societies collapse because of criminality, drugs, sex and the like.
Many societies expect the sons of leaders to become leaders.
Many societies have a concept of and a word for the dragon, even though the creature never existed.
Many societies have a record of success for hundreds, even thousands of years.
Many societies have databases for identifying plants.
Many societies have different forms of male and female speech.
Many societies have only one house.
Many societies have rules or laws about nudity , and where they allow it .
Many societies have rules or laws about nudity, and where they allow it.
Many societies have strict rules about homosexuality.
Many societies have the advantage of a king or a queen.
Many societies have worldwide membership.
Many societies have yet to address the issue.
Many societies invite speakers who are internationally renowned in their field.
Many societies keep local records, photos and even information about cemeteries.
Many societies maintain newsletters and keep active vertical files of member pedigree charts.
Many societies maintain Web pages about themselves.
Many societies negotiate prices with local mortuaries or work through a particular funeral home.
Many societies offer student memberships at a fraction of the cost of a full-membership.
Many societies place a higher value on males than females.
Many societies produce publications related to their county.
Many societies publish booklets giving details of the census in towns and villages in their area.
Many societies publish books, newsletters, magazines, journals, standards, or specifications.
Many societies publish data about specific collecting fields in newsletters, papers and journals.
Many societies publish lists of who is researching what name.
Many societies regard their elders as counselors and advisory members.
Many societies require every citizen to vote.
Many societies try to enforce monogamous relationships.
Most societies accept decisions.
Most societies achieve development.
Most societies achieve sustainable development.
Most societies also hold regular meetings e.g. once a month.
Most societies are multicultural, and many oppress indigenous people in the name of development.
Most societies are patrilineal.
Most societies are terrible at dealing with difference, and our future holds only more of it.
Most societies become societies.
Most societies believe it is a fair punishment because it is portrayed in the Bible.
Most societies build schools.
Most societies carry out operations.
Most societies covered are scientific or technical.
Most societies create culture.
Most societies create intellectual culture.
Most societies depend on the fertility of their fields for food.
Most societies encourage individuals.
Most societies encourage religious men, e.g., rabbis, to marry and produce large families.
Most societies evolve over time.
Most societies have a code of conduct for fossil collecting.
Most societies have a committee member that has the technical expertise to set up a web site.
Most societies have a creation myth which explains how and when the Earth was formed.
Most societies have a limited number of classes.
Most societies have a special student rate as well.
Most societies have a strong taboo against the practice of incest or intra-familial marriages.
Most societies have agencies.
Most societies have an annual meeting in the spring and a Compact Day celebration in the fall.
Most societies have children.
Most societies have differences.
Most societies have durations.
Most societies have duties.
Most societies have experience.
Most societies have inheritances.
Most societies have initiation rites.
Most societies have institutions.
Most societies have laws.
Most societies have majorities.
Most societies have members.
Most societies have moral duties.
Most societies have official spokesmen of some sort.
Most societies have potential.
Most societies have some form of incest avoidance.
Most societies have taboos about mating across the lines of clan, ethnicity, or race.
Most societies have the goal of promoting astronomy.
Most societies have Web sites.
Most societies hire teachers.
Most societies hold in high esteem persons who reach down and help others.
Most societies increase complexity.
Most societies introduce animals.
Most societies invite upper-division and graduate students to join based on academic criteria.
Most societies involve individuals.
Most societies involve labor.
Most societies kill cows.
Most societies live in countries.
Most societies maintain newspapers.
Most societies make contributions.
Most societies make great contributions.
Most societies make life.
Most societies make money for their library fund, etc.
Most societies now exhibit cultural pluralism.
Most societies offer legal services.
Most societies offer services.
Most societies pay attention.
Most societies pay individuals.
Most societies proclaim the equal worth of all citizens and pass laws to support that claim.
Most societies provide medicine.
Most societies receive manytimes more letters than they can adequately answer.
Most societies recognize marriages.
Most societies recognize sex marriages.
Most societies regard other species as their relatives.
Most societies rely on energy.
Most societies rely on leaders.
Most societies require individual participants.
Most societies require knowledge.
Most societies require labor.
Most societies require mathematical knowledge.
Most societies require participants.
Most societies see women.
Most societies seek to distribute health care according to concepts of efficiency and equity.
Most societies seem to find a balance between the two.
Most societies send a self-addressed stamped postcard.
Most societies socialize to two and only two genders but some societies provide for three or more.
Most societies support individuals.
Most societies tend to stress one way over the other.
Most societies undergo a generational pattern of defining experience.
Most societies use concepts.
Most societies use knowledge.
Most societies use science.
Most societies use scientific knowledge.
Most societies use wood.
Most societies view a hero as a person with impressive physical abilities.
Some societies actually respect alcohol dragons, mainly for their potent alcohol secretions.
Some societies also have members who provide tutoring services to other students.
Some societies appear less susceptible to the cultural influence of alien beverages than others.
Some societies are department-specific, while others have additional membership requirements.
Some societies are more advanced, and more successful than others.
Some societies are national and communicate mostly via newsletters and annual meetings.
Some societies become government.
Some societies become markets.
Some societies become sources.
Some societies can promote interdisciplinary relationships with biology and the physical sciences.
Some societies charge for lookup services, photocopies and for postage.
Some societies concentrate on organising programmes of lectures of field visits.
Some societies consider domestic ownership to be an important element of free and independent media.
Some societies consider the use of various herbs and plants to be traditional methods.
Some societies contain queens.
Some societies dedicate to conservation.
Some societies encourage students.
Some societies even create 'in-between' categories, or 'third genders'.
Some societies face nothing less than an existential challenge.
Some societies have a small annual renewal fee, or dues.
Some societies have arrangements whereby children are brought up in other families .
Some societies have arrangements whereby children are brought up in other families.
Some societies have aspects.
Some societies have big snakes.
Some societies have fission.
Some societies have more intricate systems.
Some societies have pairs.
Some societies have particularly interesting and significant collections.
Some societies have rabbits.
Some societies have snakes.
Some societies have surplus.
Some societies hold that they are special and somehow more important than other societies.
Some societies increase cooperation.
Some societies kill mammals.
Some societies makes a plan of hawk watch.
Some societies offer newsletters, journals, workshops, conferences, or any combination of the above.
Some societies offer tutoring.
Some societies organize specifically to promote deep-sky or planetary or meteor observing.
Some societies partition their environment more than others.
Some societies possess dogs.
Some societies promote applications.
Some societies provide copies.
Some societies provide examples.
Some societies provide fields.
Some societies publish articles.
Some societies publish journals.
Some societies publish the results of their projects.
Some societies punish by amputation and caning, which are considered cruel and unusual here.
Some societies reckon descent patrilineally for some purposes, and matrilineally for others.
Some societies recognize polygamy and polyandry.
Some societies require that their members take holy orders and make the society be their life.
Some societies resist change more than others.
Some societies restrict their job listings to members only.
Some societies see effects.
Some societies seek democratic prestige by requiring every citizen to vote.
Some societies seem hopelessly conservative, inward looking, and hostile to change.
Some societies send their Newsletters to their entire mailing lists.
Some societies suffer fate.
Some societies suffer same fate.
Some societies support science.
Some societies take pride.
Some societies try brute force in numbers.
Some societies use a variation of candling, whereby herbed smoke is simply blown into the ears.
Some societies use natural resources.
Some societies use resources.
Some societies value human rights, some violate the rights of weaker members.
A sociobiologist is a biologist
Sociobiologists are biologists.
Sociobiologists believe that staring at women helps to maximize male reproductive opportunities.
Sociobiologists predict that helping decreases with kinship distance.
Sociobiologists say it's all about reproduction.
Sociobiologists think that analogies between ants and people are somehow revealing.
Sociobiologists often conflate social and genetic evolution.
Most sociobiologists are genetic determinists, though some are more subtle than others.
Sociobiology applies knowledge from biology to explain social behavior.
Sociobiology deals with the biological basis for the social behavior of people and other animals.
Sociobiology goes micro.
Sociobiology is a controversial area of scholarship for many reasons, some political.
Sociobiology is biology
Sociobiology is biology.
Sociobiology is fixed on the toolmaker concept.
Sociobiology is the craniometry of the future.
Sociobiology is the historical outgrowth of three prerequisite trends.
Sociobiology is the study of the biological and evolutionary basis of animal behavior.
Sociobiology is the systematic study of all forms of social behavior, in animals and humans.
Sociobiology is the systematic study of the biological bases of social behavior.
Sociobiology places social behavior in an evolutionary context.
Sociobiology represents the biologizing of tacit daily common sense.
Sociocultural anthropology emphasizes in-depth field research.
Sociocultural anthropology investigates customs and products of civilization.
Sociocultural anthropology provides a framework for the study of human social and cultural activity.
Sociocultural evolution is a double-edged sword.
Sociocultural familiarity influences the choice of approach.
Sociocultural influences point out differing role expectations.
Sociocultural questions have an especially broad scope open to many interpretations.
Socioeconomic conditions can affect age at menarche.
Socioeconomic data exist on the communities in which the graduates practice.
All socioeconomic data are for residents of attendance area.
All socioeconomic data are for residents of atttendance area.
Socioeconomic dialects ch.
Socioeconomic factors appear to affect the stage at diagnosis.
Socioeconomic factors are a significant component of man's environment.
Socioeconomic factors are major influences on both energy intake and energy expenditure.
Socioeconomic factors are the primary reason that children are available for adoption by foreigners.
Socioeconomic factors do play a part.
Socioeconomic factors have an even bigger impact.
Socioeconomic factors play an important role in both nutritional excess and deficiency.
Socioeconomic factors take their toll.
Socioeconomic impacts result, either directly or indirectly.
Socioeconomic information is included.
Socioeconomic information is very limited, and there are no comparisons to other media.
Socioeconomic integration serves two major goals.
Socioeconomic needs range widely.
Socioeconomic problems are risk factors for susceptibility to heat-related illness.
Socioeconomic state can be measures at the individual or group level.
Socioeconomic status has a major impact on health.
Socioeconomic status includes variables such as education, income and occupation.
Socioeconomic status influences our urban experience.
Socioeconomic status is a descriptive term that relates to an individual's education and wealth.
Socioeconomic status is a key determinant of oral health.
Socioeconomic status is a major predictor of student scores across all ethnic categories.
Socioeconomic status is almost the prime determinant for how folks are treated.
Socioeconomic status is an example of a place variable.
Socioeconomic status is an important influence on obesity, particularly among women.
Socioeconomic status is an important predictor of health that deserves particular focus.
Socioeconomic status is another variable that has been shown to correlate with locus of control.
Socioeconomic status is defined by educational attainment , occupation , and income .
Socioeconomic status is involved in the development of cancers.
Socioeconomic status is linked to health at every level of class.
Socioeconomic status is measured as an index that combines household living standard with education.
Socioeconomic status is medium-high, one of the highest in the subregion.
Socioeconomic status is weakly related to parental involvement.
Socioeconomic status ranges from struggling to make ends meet to easy affluence.
Socioeconomic status remains a major predictor of student scores across all ethnic categories.
A sociolinguist is a linguist
Sociolinguists are also generally interested in research around language choice and language change.
Sociolinguists emphasize the practical challenges to language purism.
Sociolinguistic variables play an important role in expression.
Sociological analyses make clear how remote such outcomes are.
Sociological argument is based on the concept that society is an entity.
Sociological conceptions lodge social action in the action of society or in some unit of society.
Sociological factors are also at work.
Sociological factors can have implications for design.
Many sociological factors influence crime rates.
Sociological fatherhood is a lot like being a designated driver.
Sociological history is important.
Sociological imagination is illustrated by recent theory and research.
Sociological inquiry is analytical .
Sociological investigations illustrate the consequences of the gaps in our educative system.
Sociological knowledge gives one that tools to analyze and plan one's own life course.
Sociological maps seek to locate people in a social and cultural context.
Sociological numskulls attribute the nonparticipation to the stigma of being absent from work.
Sociological research is combined with an important architectural survey.
Sociological research provides practical help in assessing the results of policy initiatives.
Sociological research supplies a body of data on which informed social policy can be based.
Sociological statistics show higher rates for divorced men to remarry than women.
Sociological studies emphasize the critical necessity of wholesome family life.
Most sociological study is present oriented.
Sociological Subjects Use the search form or browse through a huge alpha list of categories.
Sociological theories guide the interpretation of a wide array of social experiences.
Sociological theory helps one see the larger and longer range picture.
Sociological theory is a diverse field.
Sociological theory is dealt with through dedicated modules at each level of the course.
Sociological theory sees that power relations within social structures bring about deprivation.
Sociological training helps students bring a breadth and depth of understanding to the workplace.
Sociological training helps students bring breadth and depth of understanding to the workplace.
Sociological treatments emphasize cultural influences.
A sociologist is a social scientist
Sociologist are also the product of cultural conditioning as people and as sociologists.
Sociologist is charged with treason for sharing public information with foreign professors.
Sociologist tend to have more intense social idealism than other majors.
Sociologists also focus on environmental issues.
Sociologists also investigate how people, through interaction, sustain or change society.
Sociologists also study the ways in which people, as they interact, shape their social systems.
Sociologists also work in areas such as the media, public communications and marketing.
Sociologists also work in the media, public communication and marketing.
Sociologists analyze social institutions such as family, education, medicine, religion and politics.
Sociologists approach problem-solving with a wider orientation than other disciplines.
Sociologists approach their study of society in different ways based on their assumptions.
Sociologists are also active in some subfields that are fully interdisciplinary.
Sociologists are by training subversives.
Sociologists are careful to separate sex form gender.
Sociologists are concerned with how social conditions influence our lives as individuals.
Sociologists are concerned with the effect of social traits on daily life.
Sociologists are concerned with understanding all aspects of society and social life.
Sociologists are especially likely to be employed in the government or in the non-profit sector.
Sociologists are human beings with deep emotions.
Sociologists are in a position that is unique.
Sociologists are interested in everything about the social world.
Sociologists are interested in religion in so far as religion takes institutional forms.
Sociologists are interested in understanding the social world.
Sociologists are more inclined to use descriptive methodology.
Sociologists are quick to point to cases of abuse and emotional injury.
Sociologists are social scientists.
Sociologists are specialists.
Sociologists are university teachers too.
Sociologists argue for - population control on the basis of a shortage of housing, food, space, etc.
Sociologists assign people to upper, middle, and lower classes.
Sociologists attempt to identify patterns of behavior and to provide explanations for such patterns.
Sociologists attempt to understand the world of human relations.
Sociologists believe social class is the most important division in society.
Sociologists believe the refutable and already refuted.
Sociologists blame it on the way that children are socialized from birth.
Sociologists call it the compulsion of proximity.
Sociologists call such antiquated beliefs culture lag .
Sociologists can ponder the effects of crafting a friendship bracelet for peers.
Sociologists can strictly be administrators.
Sociologists claim that people have an in-built sensor for determining their status in a group.
Sociologists classify societies as either pre-industrial , industrial , or postindustrial .
Sociologists classify the Mexican society as high-context.
Sociologists collect data to support all theories.
Sociologists commonly divide the areas of study within the field into macro and micro.
Sociologists conduct research in an objective, value-free way.
Sociologists conduct research on organizations, groups and individuals.
Sociologists consider the everyday problems people encounter in their family and work lives.
Sociologists continue to research and debate the role of being male or female in our society.
Sociologists count the Italian family unit among the strongest in the world.
Sociologists develop conceptual and methodological tools to make sense of such experiences.
Sociologists differ in their own personal and characteristic approach to science.
Sociologists distinguish between racial and ethnic groups.
Sociologists do research, write, and teach.
Sociologists emphasize and examine the diversity of human experience.
Sociologists emphasize the larger societal forces.
Sociologists examine the behaviour of people in society.
Sociologists examine the complexities of racial and ethnic identity in America.
Sociologists fight over whether heredity or instincts influence social behavior.
Sociologists find it hard to really observe the effects of violent TV on children firsthand.
Sociologists follow the scientific method in conducting their research.
Sociologists getting elected, that's news.
Sociologists have a field day analysing some of our more peculiar social eccentricities.
Sociologists have four basic career options.
Sociologists have keen senses of observation and analysis, and abundant and natural curiosity.
Sociologists influence peoples lives through their research and public policy recommendations.
Sociologists investigate the causes of social problems, such as crime, poverty, and racism.
Sociologists investigate the structure of groups, organizations and societies.
Sociologists investigate the structure of groups, organizations, and societies.
Sociologists look at the social causes and consequences of behavior.
Sociologists perform a wide variety of tasks.
Sociologists primarily engage in performing research in their area of sociological interest.
Sociologists pursue a general study of human behavior in the social setting.
Sociologists refer to social institutions or conventions that influence individuals behavior.
Sociologists report that denominationalism is declining in significance for congregational identity.
Sociologists report that people are ruder today than anytime in modern history.
Sociologists say it's becoming more common.
Sociologists say men tend to be violent against women when they feel their power eroding.
Sociologists say such residential segregation can last for generations.
Sociologists say teen rebellion is a part of what draws some teenagers to satanic cults.
Sociologists say that more children are now living in single-parent homes than ever before.
Sociologists say that the crime rate in the U.S. has fallen because incomes have risen.
Sociologists say that throughout history, marriage rates have varied.
Sociologists say there is no evidence that the majority of church members ever tithed.
Sociologists say they are deadening, a prison for women and a desert for children.
Sociologists see many similarities between deviant and nondeviant behavior.
Sociologists see religion as that which provides an agreed way of looking at the world.
Sociologists seek to describe and explain patterns of social change.
Sociologists seek to develop self-knowledge.
Sociologists seek to understand human behavior in the social context.
Sociologists speak about the institutional and the charismatic aspects of a community.
Sociologists speak of secularisation, philosophers of naturalism and materialism.
Sociologists Speak Out.
Sociologists strap on more baggage.
Sociologists study everything from love and marriage to war and revolution.
Sociologists study everything from small informal groups to entire countries.
Sociologists study how individuals are affected by each other and by the groups that they belong to.
Sociologists study how people relate to each other and how groups influence individuals.
Sociologists study human behavior in industrialized societies.
Sociologists study human society and social behavior.
Sociologists study human society and social behaviour.
Sociologists study people in natural, everyday settings, as well as in controlled settings.
Sociologists study people, their organizations, and their cultures.
Sociologists study social organization.
Sociologists study the behavior and interaction of groups, tracing their origin and growth.
Sociologists suggest that our actions are shaped by the context in which they occur.
Sociologists talk about feeling the walls of an institution.
Sociologists teach and conduct research.
Sociologists tend to agree.
Sociologists tend to argue that the problem is one of environment.
Sociologists tend to use assimilation , while anthropologists prefer the term acculturation .
Sociologists then require a deep understanding of social processes and institutions.
Sociologists try to build theories on it.
Sociologists try to stand back and look at human interaction from a broad perspective.
Sociologists typically focus on patterned and group behaviors.
Sociologists view the market as a social construction.
Sociologists warn of losing an entire generation of youth to poverty-related diseases.
Sociologists work in a wide range of areas, in government, private and community sectors.
Sociologists work in business, government, social service and education.
Sociologists work in one or more special fields.
Sociologists write libraries about gemeinschafts and gesellschafts.
Sociologists often contrast sex with gender.
Sociologists often debate the place of personal experiences in the classroom.
Sociologists often define cults by their cultural idiosyncracies.
Sociologists often take a quite casual attitude towards the problem of concept-formation.
Sociologists often use statistics to count and measure patterns in how people act or behave.
Sociologists sometimes work for think tanks, for governmental agencies, for nonprofit groups, etc.
Sociologists usually conduct surveys or engage in direct observation to gather data.
All sociologists commit themselves and are directed by a particular set of 'domain assumptions'.
All sociologists engage in analyzing ideas and data on how society works.
Many sociologists also do research outside of the university.
Many sociologists believe gender is the most important division in society.
Many sociologists believe social class is the most important division in society.
Many sociologists now consider the whole question of whether the family is universal as a non-issue.
Many sociologists recognize today that marriage is a great civilizer of unruly men.
Most sociologists read, conduct research, and write reports, articles, and books.
Most sociologists study the groups which people form in their association with others.
Most sociologists teach, do research, and write.
Most sociologists utilize the deductive-inductive, or scientific , method in their researches.
Most sociologists work in a special field, such as criminology, urban studies, or the family.
Most sociologists work in one or more specialties.
Some sociologists are basically administrators.
Some sociologists are primarily administrators.
Some sociologists believe that deviance is socially defined.
Some sociologists believe that the numbers are less important than the philosophical implications.
Some sociologists combine different research methods.
Some sociologists conduct research, others teach in schools, polytechnics and universities.
Some sociologists conduct surveys or social experiments.
Some sociologists define religion as a belief system shared by a group of individuals.
Some sociologists even go so far as to say the media shapes our personalities.
Some sociologists feel that young people learn more from their peers than adults.
Some sociologists figure out better ways to do new research and analysis.
Some sociologists focus on crime and law enforcement.
Some sociologists have private practices in counseling, research, or consulting.
Some sociologists study how segments of society interrelate.
Some sociologists study social problems, deviant behavior, juvenile delinquency or criminology.
Some sociologists work as organizers in social movement type organizations.
Sociology of education is the study of human efforts to achieve cultural continuity.
Sociology of gender is a prominent subfield of sociology .
A sociology is a social science
Sociologies are social science.
Sociology also applies the sociological perspective to itself as a discipline.
Sociology also ranges across time and serves as a useful complement to history.
Sociology approaches the study of social phenomena systematically and methodically.
Sociology asks questions about what it means to be human and what it means to live in society.
Sociology aspires to be an unbiased look at what humans hope, dream and value.
Sociology attempts to connect individual experiences to a conception of a larger social structure.
Sociology attempts to identify and understand the social functions and processes of human behavior.
Sociology attempts to understand the individual in terms of social forces and trends.
Sociology beats technology every time.
Sociology broadens the student's perspective of the overall organization and function of society.
Sociology changes the world.
Sociology characteristically embraces a wide range of competing paradigms and approaches.
Sociology combines social relevance with the rigor of a scientific discipline.
Sociology combines the rigor of a scientific discipline with a concern for social relevance.
Sociology considers the behaviour and motivation of individuals working in bureaucratic settings.
Sociology considers the interdependence between the group and the individual.
Sociology contains lots of links to sociology of other institutions.
Sociology continues on the cutting edge of extending service to the community.
Sociology continues to be a fascinating field.
Sociology contributes classes for the secondary area.
Sociology deals with a variety of problems within our society today.
Sociology deals with issues relevant to people and social life.
Sociology deals with the collective behavior of people in groups.
Sociology deals with the major issues confronting our world, our nation and our lives.
Sociology deals with the scientific study of group behavior.
Sociology demands empirical evidence that links sociological ideas to lived experience.
Sociology describes the way that groups interact and develop towards violence.
Sociology dominates science.
Sociology encompasses all aspects of human experience.
Sociology encompasses areas such as gerontology, criminology, gender studies, and much more.
Sociology encompasses many different perspectives of study.
Sociology engages in the study of people and their life in groups.
Sociology examines how groups and institutions are structured and how they act.
Sociology examines how groups function in society.
Sociology examines the interplay between human interactions and social institutions.
Sociology excites different reactions.
Sociology explores assumptions about people, their groups, and society.
Sociology explores social life and the social causes and consequences of human behavior.
Sociology focuses on recurrent patterns of social interaction and social structure.
Sociology focuses on the social causes of human behavior such as group membership.
Sociology focuses on why and how societies are established and change.
Sociology formulates social principles and laws that objectively describe the social world.
Sociology gives the cadet a disciplinary framework to address social issues and topics .
Sociology graduates frequently go on to graduate work in teaching and research.
Sociology has a beautiful sister science, namely anthropology.
Sociology has a foundation in universal law, to be sure.
Sociology has a methodology that makes it of little help as an aid to ethics.
Sociology has a special obligation to benefit human beings.
Sociology has a written history, but it is a partial account.
Sociology has flexible methods of assessment.
Sociology has specializations that cross into a variety of interests and fields.
Sociology helps bring contentious issues into sharper focus .
Sociology helps students gain an understanding of the social world.
Sociology helps the professional to tune into rapidly changing fads and trends.
Sociology helps to open the mind to the deceptively familiar world of our social arrangements.
Sociology impinges directly on industrial relations.
Sociology Includes links to related job search sites.
Sociology includes many sub-fields that examine different aspects of society.
Sociology investigates the structure of groups, organizations, and societies.
Sociology involves the observation and explanation of human behavior in a wide variety of areas.
Sociology involves the study and analysis of the way people behave in different societies.
Sociology involves the study of human beings in social contexts.
Sociology is a behavioral and interpretive science.
Sociology is a comprehensive behavioral science.
Sociology is a core discipline in many programs of study.
Sociology is a core skills discipline.
Sociology is a discipline built on scientific analysis of the social world.
Sociology is a discipline focusing on analysis of the social world.
Sociology is a discipline in the social sciences and part of the liberal arts approach to education.
Sociology is a discipline resting on the premise that knowledge is power.
Sociology is a discipline which encompasses diverse theoretical and methodological approaches.
Sociology is a fascinating subject for many reasons.
Sociology is a general field of study with numerous applications.
Sociology is a generalising study that combines scientific method with a theoretical approach.
Sociology is a god-send to good racists.
Sociology is a key discipline, together with some aspects of health studies.
Sociology is a liberal arts discipline.
Sociology is a liberal arts major with an advantage.
Sociology is a liberal arts major.
Sociology is a little more subtle.
Sociology is a major that emphasizes the scientific study of social systems and their components.
Sociology is a multitude of valuable perspectives on history.
Sociology is a perspective on and the study of social life.
Sociology is a pluralistic enterprise.
Sociology is a rather broad discipline since all of human behavior is social.
Sociology is a real science, but a difficult one.
Sociology is a rewarding field to convey to others.
Sociology is a science which uses scientific methods to develop theories about social interaction.
Sociology is a science which uses the scientific method as does any science.
Sociology is a science, a social science.
Sociology is a social science concerned with societies and social organization.
Sociology is a social science that strives to understand human behavior.
Sociology is a social science that studies human behavior at the group or societal level.
Sociology is a social science which is concerned with the systematic study of human society.
Sociology is a social science, and, as such, it is neutral and objective.
Sociology is a social science.
Sociology is a sterile discipline unless it is applied to everyday life.
Sociology is a strong major in the liberal arts tradition.
Sociology is a subject with important practical implications for our lives.
Sociology is a useful scientific orientation for better understanding and solving social problems.
Sociology is a valuable preparation for careers in modern organizational settings.
Sociology is a very broad discipline with many different areas.
Sociology is a very good preparation for teaching social studies.
Sociology is a way of seeing and understanding things beneath the surface of the obvious.
Sociology is a way of thinking and a way of seeing.
Sociology is about prolonged and highly changeable social relations.
Sociology is about the study of social behaviour.
Sociology is all about understanding one's personal biases.
Sociology is almost as diverse and divided as society itself.
Sociology is also a major of choice for people who want advanced degrees in social work.
Sociology is also a valuable major for students planning a career in one of the professions.
Sociology is also a valuable major for students planning to attend graduate or professional school.
Sociology is also an adventure.
Sociology is also an excellent foundation for further professional training, such as law school.
Sociology is also the science of the methods people use to interact with one another.
Sociology is an academic discipline.
Sociology is an active and dynamic field.
Sociology is an attempt to understand how society works.
Sociology is an essential field of study in any social work or probation officer programs.
Sociology is an excellent major for students who are interested in global issues.
Sociology is an excellent major or minor for pre-professional training.
Sociology is an exciting and timely field that changes as society changes.
Sociology is an exciting discipline with expanding opportunities for a wide range of career paths.
Sociology is an international discipline.
Sociology is an uncomfortable experience for many people.
Sociology is another science directly concerned with hu- man behavior.
Sociology is basically the study of groups and their processes.
Sociology is blind to the connections between the human and the so-called natural.
Sociology is brilliant.
Sociology is characterized as a discipline by several distinct modes of inquiry.
Sociology is collective psychology.
Sociology is concerned with societal issues.
Sociology is concerned with the reasons for conflict and the reasons for stability in societies.
Sociology is dull to the dull.
Sociology is either history or natural science.
Sociology is embedded in active participation in social life.
Sociology is essentially the science and logic of society.
Sociology is global in orientation, scope, and practice.
Sociology is introduced by doing.
Sociology is like acne.
Sociology is made up of a variety of orientations that provides a rich fabric for social analysis.
Sociology is more like a passion.
Sociology is no less divided among areas of study, paradigms, and value commitments.
Sociology is one branch of the social sciences.
Sociology is one of several academic fields included as a primary component of the major.
Sociology is one of the broadest of the social science disciplines.
Sociology is one of the social sciences.
Sociology is one of the youngest academic disciplines.
Sociology is only one of a family of related social sciences.
Sociology is particularly well suited to provide such training.
Sociology is relevant to any occupation that involves working with people rather than things.
Sociology is relevant wherever human relations are at work.
Sociology is required for nursing students.
Sociology is rich with written material, both theoretically and empirically oriented.
Sociology is taught more than any other science.
Sociology is the biggest department.
Sociology is the closest and it is often difficult to distinguish which fund is applicable.
Sociology is the disciplined and objective study of human science.
Sociology is the easiest to understand what the lowest entity of sociology is.
Sociology is the formal study of society and social structure.
Sociology is the science of human society, social relations, organization and change.
Sociology is the science that studies human society and social behavior.
Sociology is the scientific study of human action and interaction.
Sociology is the scientific study of human beings as social beings - living and working in groups.
Sociology is the scientific study of human group living and the products human relations.
Sociology is the scientific study of human interaction.
Sociology is the scientific study of human social behavior and societal organization .
Sociology is the scientific study of human social behavior.
Sociology is the scientific study of human social life.
Sociology is the scientific study of human social relationships and structures.
Sociology is the scientific study of human social relationships at the group level.
Sociology is the scientific study of human society and social behavior.
Sociology is the scientific study of human society and social interaction.
Sociology is the scientific study of human society.
Sociology is the scientific study of humans in their groups.
Sociology is the scientific study of humans living with one another in a society.
Sociology is the scientific study of social behavior, groups and society.
Sociology is the scientific study of social interaction and organization.
Sociology is the scientific study of social interaction.
Sociology is the scientific study of social organization.
Sociology is the scientific study of society and human behavior .
Sociology is the scientific study of society and human behavior.
Sociology is the scientific study of society and social interaction.
Sociology is the scientific study of society.
Sociology is the scientific study of the structure and process of social behavior.
Sociology is the social science devoted to the study of human society and social relations.
Sociology is the social science which studies human groups and society.
Sociology is the study and discussion of the role of human relationships in today's society.
Sociology is the study of contemporary society.
Sociology is the study of culture, society, and groups within a society.
Sociology is the study of group life, social interactions, and relationships in society.
Sociology is the study of group life.
Sociology is the study of groups and how they affect human behavior.
Sociology is the study of how human beings construct and inhabit social worlds.
Sociology is the study of how people act and react in relationship and response to each other.
Sociology is the study of how society organizes itself.
Sociology is the study of human behavior and most importantly, human society.
Sociology is the study of human behavior in groups.
Sociology is the study of human behavior in social groups.
Sociology is the study of human beings in group settings.
Sociology is the study of human group life.
Sociology is the study of human group relationships in society.
Sociology is the study of human groups, institutions, and societies.
Sociology is the study of human interactions within a group context.
Sociology is the study of human social behavior.
Sociology is the study of human social interaction.
Sociology is the study of human social life, groups, institutions and societies.
Sociology is the study of human social relationships and institutions.
Sociology is the study of human societies and social behavior.
Sociology is the study of Human societies and social behavior.
Sociology is the study of human societies.
Sociology is the study of interactions and relations among human beings.
Sociology is the study of interpersonal and group aspects of human behavior.
Sociology is the study of life in society.
Sociology is the study of man in groups.
Sociology is the study of people and communities.
Sociology is the study of people in the context of the society in which they live.
Sociology is the study of people in their environments.
Sociology is the study of situations in which human beings are in relationship with one another.
Sociology is the study of social and cultural questions at the centre of contemporary life.
Sociology is the study of social behavior.
Sociology is the study of social groups and the ways in which they shape human behavior.
Sociology is the study of social groups, institutional structures, and social interaction.
Sociology is the study of social groups.
Sociology is the study of social interaction, social groups, institutions, and social structure.
Sociology is the study of social life and interaction .
Sociology is the study of social life and the social causes and consequences of human behavior.
Sociology is the study of social life and the social causes and consequences of human behaviour.
Sociology is the study of social life and the social causes of consequences made by human behavior.
Sociology is the study of social life and the social origins and consequences of human behavior.
Sociology is the study of social life, groups and modern societies.
Sociology is the study of social life, social change, and the social consequences of human behavior.
Sociology is the study of social relationships and social structures.
Sociology is the study of society and social behaviour.
Sociology is the study of society and social relations.
Sociology is the study of society as a whole and of human social organization in groups.
Sociology is the study of society.
Sociology is the study of the individual, groups and society.
Sociology is the study of the influence of groups on behavior attitudes, opinions and social events.
Sociology is the study of the interaction between the individual and society.
Sociology is the study of the organization, dynamics and consequences of social life.
Sociology is the study of the sources and consequences of human social interaction.
Sociology is the study of the ways in which human life is socially organized.
Sociology is the systematic study of human group behavior.
Sociology is the systematic study of human society.
Sociology is the systematic study of our social world.
Sociology is the systematic study of social behavior and human groups.
Sociology is the systematic study of social behavior.
Sociology is the systematic study of social life.
Sociology is the systematic study of social organization and social life in society.
Sociology is the systematic study of the organization and condition of society.
Sociology is treated here as a multi-paradigmatic science.
Sociology is valuable in both public and private spheres.
Sociology is valuable too in the personal lives of individuals.
Sociology is very different.
Sociology is, basically, the scientific study of how groups work.
Sociology is, in large part, a study of variables and their relationships.
Sociology Listed below are electronic journals in the field of Sociology selected by library staff.
Sociology looks at people and sees patterns.
Sociology makes perfect sense.
Sociology now has such a space.
Sociology offers a major in sociology and social thought.
Sociology offers a perspective, a view of the world.
Sociology offers emphases in criminology, social psychology, and general sociology.
Sociology offers insights into discovering the world and one's place in it.
Sociology offers many interesting courses for non-majors in Sociology.
Sociology offers something for everyone.
Sociology participates in a rather long tradition of systematic social thinking .
Sociology places some explanatory weight on the concept of role-behavior .
Sociology places some explanatory weight on the concept of role-behavior.
Sociology prepares students for a variety of careers.
Sociology prepares students for graduate study in social work.
Sociology prepares students for most graduate programs in the liberal arts and social sciences.
Sociology provides a unique perspective that enriches the student's understanding of the world.
Sociology Provides a variety of sociology resources.
Sociology provides an educational background relative to the nature and causes of social problems.
Sociology provides appropriate preparation for legal studies.
Sociology provides important information useful both to personal life and public policy decisions.
Sociology provides students with basic skills that can be applied in a variety of work environments.
Sociology Provides the student with an understanding of group behavior.
Sociology relates to the specific study of human social behavior.
Sociology remains an on-going contributor to service learning.
Sociology represents one of three distinct approaches to the study of human behavior.
Sociology See Another dept.
Sociology seeks to develop one's heart as well as one's brain.
Sociology seeks to explain social structure, social institutions, and social interaction.
Sociology seeks to place society in the international setting of today's changing world.
Sociology sees humans as fundamentally social.
Sociology Select the name of the resource from the listing to jump to a short description.
Sociology serves as something like a home in a raucous world of competing ideas and values.
Sociology studies social life and social organization.
Sociology studies the impact that social structure has on individuals and groups.
Sociology studies the lives and interactions of groups and individuals.
Sociology studies the resulting balance between social reproduction and social transformation.
Sociology studies the structure and processes of modern, industrial societies.
Sociology suggests objectivity, curiosity, and a continuing search for real truth and true reality.
Sociology systematically studies societal institutions and social behavior.
Sociology talks about what everyone does when together.
Sociology teaches skills of observation, organization, writing and data analysis.
Sociology teaches the student to become an active, rather than a passive, member of society.
Sociology tends to confuse empirical description with more general analytical processes.
Sociology thus proceeds through various forms of analysis toward advancing human understanding.
Sociology tries to discover the circumstances in which any generalization applies.
Sociology tries to discover the circumstances.
Sociology understands and explains human behaviors as a result of social and cultural contexts.
Sociology utilizes scientific standards to study society.
Sociology welcomes attendees from other departments and institutions.
Sociology always beats technology, but eventually sociology changes.
Every Sociology implies a Theology.
A sociopath is a sufferer
Sociopaths approach interpersonal relationships as an opportunity to exploit and manipulate.
Sociopaths are expert at dumping goods on unsuspecting buyers at high prices.
Sociopaths are fearless, guiltless and ruthless.
Sociopaths are incapable of experiencing guilt or shame for their actions.
Sociopaths are manipulative.
Sociopaths are neurotics.
Sociopaths are professional liars.
Sociopaths are untreatable With intervention most incest victim lead normal adult lives.
Sociopaths are usually extremely charming and charismatic.
Sociopaths can ask themselves if they are one.
Sociopaths can be criminals.
Sociopaths exhibit abnormally spontaneous and daring behavior.
Sociopaths exhibit poor impulse control.
Sociopaths have a hard time dealing with criticism.
Sociopaths have a low tolerance for boredom.
Sociopaths have almost no friends, but many acquaintances.
Most sociopaths are profoundly chaotic types.It's a myth that sociopaths are born leaders.
Sociopathic behavior can quickly turn violent and sometimes even deadly.
Sociopathic children exhibit clear verbal and nonverbal signs.
Sociopolitical issues addresses societal value systems that impact relationships.
Sock monkeys are incredibly ugly, and always made by hand.
Sock puppets are controlled by putting a hand through a sock .
Sock puppets are controlled by putting a hand through a sock.
Sock puppets are easy to make.
Sock puppets can have very distant different usernames far from the orginial user and username.
A sock is hose
Sock appear to many pity either use Dallas cowboys hats.
Sock create past one childrens sleep disorders.
Sock have with an conscience indeed waste Coleman tents.
Sock isa footwear.
Sock occupy all ashes into some level rodney dangerfield movie.
Socks agrees to testify.
Socks are a good game for five year olds.
Socks are a special favorite.
Socks are also important.
Socks are an afterthought in many people's wardrobes.
Socks are another factor for runners to consider in winter.
Socks are better than stockings for the above reasons.
Socks are capable of warm foots.
Socks are cotton and nylon.
Socks Are crucial travel equipment.
Socks are dyed to match and hand crocheted.
Socks are especially helpful.
Socks are exempt.
Socks are for people of all shapes and sizes, short ones, fat ones, and even high-risers.
Socks are garments.
Socks are hosiery.
Socks are located in beds.
Socks are located in bureaus.
Socks are located in drawers.
Socks are located in gyms.
Socks are located in houses.
Socks are located in shoes.
Socks are located in suitcases.
Socks are longer and heavier for added protection.
Socks are made of fiber.
Socks are made of synthetic fiber.
Socks are made of thread.
Socks are mandatory.
Socks are no longer a safe solution.
Socks are obviously necessary - wool ones are best.
Socks are often one of the most neglected, yet essential elements of correct dress.
Socks are ok.
Socks are on excellent option to avoid blistering.
Socks are one of the more beneficial disposables of modern times.
Socks are one step ahead in quality and comfort.
Socks are optional on most courses.
Socks are red with a horizontal white stripe, trimmed in black.
Socks are slippy.
Socks are socks, man.
Socks are sports-specific for running, tennis, light running, light hiking, walking and aerobics.
Socks are the best example, perhaps, and even that can seem sinister.
Socks are to be worn with tennis shoes at all times.
Socks are used for comfort.
Socks are usually white, but can be other colors.
Socks are what people wear, people here and people everywhere.
Socks are white fold-over crew socks.
Socks are white with a horizontal red stripe, trimmed in black.
Socks can also go into zippered mesh bags hung on the front of the hampers.
Socks can be the ultimate in individuality and the most extreme way to make a statement.
Socks can decrease friction between the feet and shoes.
Socks can eat any place they want.
Socks can eat anywhere they want.
Socks can eat wherever they want.
Socks Can Eat Wherever They Want.
Socks can help here too.
Socks come in a variety of styles and colors, as well as extra-comfort features.
Socks come in an array of different colors .
Socks come in an array of different colors.
Socks come in every size, shape and form.
Socks come in pairs and are much cheaper than shoes.
Socks come in two styles.
Socks come packaged in a clear package box with animal print ribbonbow.
Socks contain and absorb petroleum-based pills on land or water.
Socks correspond to shoe size.
Socks fit securely on small feet.
Socks get holes.
Socks has no more attention until a babysitter comes.
Socks has really good leash manners.
Socks have (part) sections.
Socks have a life of their own in the washer.
Socks have primarily to keep feet warm and dry.
Socks hides in a corner and then sneaks up on people and jumps on their heads.
Socks is a black and white domestic shorthair cat.
Socks is a cat.
Socks is a doll.
Socks is a generic socket library designed to work well in a firewalled environment.
Socks is a new arrival at the shelter and is being evaluated.
Socks is a proxy protocol for firewall traversal and remote access to servers.
Socks is a sweet dog, if a little too quiet.
Socks is an extremely loving and sweet horse.
Socks is easier to set up, easier to compile and allows for greater flexibility.
Socks is just around the corner and downstairs.
Socks is the first cat, and performs many official functions.
Socks is the tour guide.
Socks made of cotton or wood feel the best.
Socks make excellent mittens and several layers of hats are recommended.
Socks make slippery floors even more dangerous.
Socks never constitute a gift.
Socks never work as a gift.
Socks seem incidental until they are gone.
Socks seem to prevent the numbness quite well.
Socks sold on shoe size can be as potentially damaging as an ordinary pair of socks.
Socks suck fast.
Socks symbolize strength of soul, sense of reality, and beginnings.
Socks take the worst beating.
Socks uses sockets to represent and keep track of individual connections.
Socks Wear clean socks.
Socks Wear comfortable dark socks.
Socks Welcome to our shop.
All socks are machine washable.
All socks can be machine washed and dried.
Most socks are made of fiber.
Most socks are made of synthetic fiber.
Some socks are heavy and worn by large men, Some socks are for ladies, proper and thin.
Some socks are high, up to the knee, Some socks are low and hard to see.
Some socks are too thick or too thin inside ski boots.
Some socks are worn by big football players, They ride high, with stripes, and match their wearers.
Some socks have effects.
Some socks have significant effects.
Socket programming is very hard to pick up from man pages and source code alone.
A socket wrench is a hand tool
Socket wrenches are about the most versatile and frequently use tools in plant maintenance.
Socket wrenches are good for working on automobiles and other machinery.
A socket is a receptacle
Socket also fits some brake-light switches.
Socket angles away from the belt and allows flag to hang away from clothing as players move.
Socket Call Creating a socket for comunnications.
Socket emails a newsletter index to resellers, partners and registered users.
Socket expects Customers to act responsibly when consuming resources on our system.
Socket extends  java.lang.
Socket features an skinnable interface similar to many top-notch instant messengers.
Socket fittings for the other subjects are in progress.
Socket fuses screw in and out just like a light bulb.
Socket head with two teeth.
Socket is a group activity hub.
Socket is freeware.
Socket is included.
Socket is mounted on top with light bulb hanging down.
Socket is ready to write to.
Socket is simple, as is plugging in the fan.
Socket is the world's leading supplier of plug-in serial communication cards for mobile computers.
Socket is to the right.
Socket is too tight.
Socket isa container.
Socket offers the broadest range of connectivity and data collection products on the market today.
Socket question Using SimpleClientSocket to connect to a server running locally.
Socket releases flag only when flag is pulled.
Socket serves tens of thousands of individuals in hundreds of communities.
Socket snaps into trim for consistent lamp positioning.
Socket stars .
Sockets allow communication between two different processes on the same or different machines.
Sockets allow local or network connection between processes.
Sockets allow realtime communication.
Sockets also includes direct support for modems and serial lines.
Sockets are a loop, clevis, or pin eye terminal attached at the end of a piece of wire rope.
Sockets are a software version of a string and two cans.
Sockets are also available with mounting or locking flanges.
Sockets are also the default communication type for the srcmstr daemon.
Sockets are available in several drives.
Sockets are available in the last remaining structure.
Sockets are available on all computing platforms.
Sockets are cavities.
Sockets are cheap.
Sockets are couplers.
Sockets are either connection-oriented or connectionless.
Sockets are everywhere now.
Sockets are fairly straightforward to setup in Java.
Sockets are file descriptors and obey file descriptor semantics.
Sockets are flexible, but too low level for fast development.
Sockets are in blocking mode when they are first opened with the socket command.
Sockets are just an abstraction of a low-level feature of the operating system.
Sockets are located in cabinets.
Sockets are more prone to rusting.
Sockets are normally three pin and of the 'square' variety.
Sockets are opened inside the listener adapters hosted in a separate process.
Sockets are part of bones.
Sockets are receptacles.
Sockets are the square ports that accept a CPU without any card being involved.
Sockets are the two-pin type.
Sockets are usually three pin square .
Sockets are usually three-pin square.
Sockets are very versatile and are a basic component of interprocess and intersystem communication.
Sockets become even more super.
Sockets belong to processes or functions that are implemented within software in the node.
Sockets bind the application to service ports that functions as the endpoints of data transmission.
Sockets bound on the internal net can request any node number they like.
Sockets come in two primary flavors.
Sockets connect only with sockets in the same domain.
Sockets exist in communication domains.
Sockets exist within communication domains.
Sockets have (part) sections.
Sockets look like little platforms that are mounted flat on the motherboard s surface.
Sockets namespace to create two objects, a networkstream and a TCPClient.
Sockets normally exchange data only with sockets in the same communication domain.
Sockets provide more information about the errors.
Sockets require a European two-pin type plug or adaptor.
Sockets require a two-pin type plug or an adapter.
Sockets take European plugs with two round pins.
Sockets take the standard continental Europe round-prond plug.
Sockets usually have three round pins.
All sockets are accessible from the lab basement.
All sockets have gold-plated connectors.
All sockets used have gold-plated contacts and are of the best quality in the industry.
Many sockets have no earth pin.
Many sockets have no ground pin.
Most sockets are of the two-pin variety.
Some sockets are difficult to work with.
Socketable armor is also very nice.
Socketable items are a third class.
Socketable items are user modifiable.
Socketed items act like regular weapons, helms, and shields, but have one additional feature.
Socketed items are easy to identify as their names appear in gray text when highlighted.
Sockets programming is a dream.
Sockeye patterns are typically sparse.
A sockeye salmon is salmon
Sockeye salmon are anadromous, meaning they migrate from the ocean to spawn in fresh water.
Sockeye salmon are delivered by setnetters to a processing and canning plant.
Sockeye salmon are excellent game fish and prized worldwide for their delicate taste.
Sockeye salmon are fish.
Sockeye salmon are found in the North Pacific Ocean.
Sockeye salmon are one of five salmon species native to the state.
Sockeye salmon are salmon.
Sockeye salmon are semelparous , dying after they spawn .
Sockeye salmon are the most abundant fish, but chum, king, and silver salmon are also numerous.
Sockeye salmon are the most abundant fish.
Sockeye salmon are the only salmon with a strict lake rearing requirement.
Sockeye salmon is ideal for salads and more showy presentations.
Sockeye salmon is the third-most common Pacific salmon species, after pink and chum salmon .
Sockeye salmon rely on streams, lakes, estuaries and the ocean for their lifecycle.
Sockeye salmon return to their natal stream to spawn after spending one to four years in the ocean.
Sockeye salmon tend to stratify in the lake during different times in the morning.
Sockeye salmon turn bright red once they enter their spawning rivers.
A sockeye is salmon
Sockeye are interesting to catch in the lake.
Sockeye are valuable commercial fish due to their deep red flesh and rich meat.
Sockeye can be very thick as well.
Sockeye demonstrates an wide range of musical taste, with varying degrees of success.
Sockeye generally spend two years at sea.
Sockeye have complex life histories that span thousands of kilometers.
Sockeye prefer sparse, red hoochies fished behind a flasher.
Sockeye spend the first year or two in a lake system before migrating out to sea.
Sockeyes are extremely sensitive to temperature.
Sockeyes are salmon.
Sockeyes lack spotting on their back and tail fin and the tail lacks any obviously silvery sheen.
Sockeyes tend to swim on the surface, while chinooks run deep.
Sockeyes there are extinct or endangered.
Socotra island is home to one of the best surfing places in the world.
Socratic instruction can take many forms.
Socratic method adds zest to ethics, law classes.
Socratic proofs are also more human readable as proof texts.
Socratic questions are open and if used appropriately can stimulate inquiry and exploration.
A sod house is a house
Sod house is pretty interesting.
Sod houses are houses.
Sod houses are remarkably interesting as historical artifacts, now.
Sod houses have both advantages and disadvantages.
Sod houses serve as insulation against the cold.
Sod webworms are active during the night hours feeding on grass blades.
Sod webworms are caterpillars of small brown to dull gray moths.
Sod webworms are the caterpillars of lawn moths.
Sod webworms can damage an area of lawn about the size of a softball.
Sod webworms create patches of chewed blades.
Sod webworms create silken tubes in lawn thatch.
Sod webworms feed at night and curl up on or near the top of the soil during the day.
Sod webworms feed on grass blades.
Sod webworms feed only at night.
Sod webworms have a preference for newly seeded, thick lawns.
Sod webworms have one to two generations per year in Colorado.
Sod webworms live in the soil and damage grass roots.
Sod webworms produce two to three generations each year.
Sod webworms spend the winter as larvae.
Sod webworms Webworm injury is similar to that caused by cutworms.
SOD acts as a relatively weak anti-inflammatory.
Sod acts like a giant sponge catching and holding rainwater.
Sod also has many other uses.
SOD assists the body in the utilization of many minerals including copper, zinc and manganese.
Sod establishes itself quickly.
Sod forming grasses naturally form a carpet-like turf.
SOD helps prevent damage that is implicated in tissue degeneration associated with aging.
Sod is a land
Sod is already grass with roots.
Sod is also less work than seed, requiring less watering and weeding.
Sod is also very expensive.
Sod is better at holding any lawn chemicals that are used.
Sod is big business.
Sod is cut and floated to form islands.
Sod is expensive, and is limited to stoloniferous and rhizomatous species.
Sod is grass grown elsewhere and cut in sheets with a thin layer of roots.
Sod is money.
SOD is partly due to biological processes and partly due to chemical processes.
Sod is status, as well as status quo.
SOD is too good for that.
Sod is usually comes in squares or rolls that contain estabished grass, roots, and some soil.
Sod likes to be moist.
Sod needs to be put in , but waiting till sprinkler system is in.
Sod needs to be watered as soon as it's installed.
SOD normally acts to safely remove free radicals.
Sod prevents the damaging effects of super oxide free radicals from destroying cellular organelles.
Sod provides a durable surface for large harvesters and prevents erosion.
SOD revitalizes cells and reduces the rate of cell destruction.
SOD revitalizes the body cells and reduces the rate of cell destruction.
Sod turns brown and then greens up later.
SODs are ubiquitous enzymes with diverse biophysical properties.
Sods can compete with crops, interfere with irrigation, or sometimes enhance certain pests.
SODs catalyze the dismutation of two superoxide radicals into oxygen and hydrogen peroxide.
Any sod containing a legume that is plowed down adds nitrogen to the soil.
Some sod is down.
Some sod is grown agriculturally , and is sold to landscapers who use it to quickly get a lawn .
Some sod is grown agriculturally, and is sold to landscapers who use it to quickly get a lawn.
Some sods are copper peptides.
Soda bottles fill with hot water.
Soda bottles fill with water.
Soda bottles have bases.
Most soda bottles are uneven at the bottom.
Most soda bottles fill with hot water.
Most soda bottles fill with water.
Most soda bottles have bases.
Soda pop is a soft drink
Most soda pop contains a few per cent by weight of dissolved carbon dioxide.
SODA also encompasses the idea of lookup and discovery.
Soda causes imbalances.
Soda contains calories.
Soda contains carbon dioxide.
Soda contains dioxide.
Soda contains sugar calories.
Soda contains sugar.
Soda contains water.
Soda has caffeine.
Soda has flavor.
Soda has smooth flavor.
Soda has smooth vanilla flavor.
Soda has sugar.
Soda has vanilla flavor.
Soda is beverages.
Soda is carbonateds.
Soda is drinks.
Soda is located in cans.
Soda is located in movies.
Soda is located in theatres.
SODA is over two years old and continues to be regarded as New Zealands best web awards site.
Soda is salt
Soda is soft drinks.
Soda isa beverage.
Soda isa salt.
Sodas also contain essentially no electrolytes.
Sodas are a hot commodity on the ship.
Sodas are a quadruple whammy.
Sodas are acidic in nature and loaded with sugar and chemicals.
Sodas are also available.
Sodas are also treated like gold much as like in prisons, prisoners use cigarettes for money.
Sodas are detrimental to both the spleen and the kidneys.
Sodas are either full of sugar or artificial sweetener.
Sodas are familiar, sterile, and usually served quite cold.
Sodas are free, and beer is available for purchase by the six pack.
Sodas are free.
Sodas are professionally packaged and with extra care for shipment, so breakage is extremely rare.
Sodas are some of the biggest performance inhibitors out there.
Sodas can cause head aches and coffee can increase diarrhea.
Sodas contain phosphorus.
Sodas contain sodium which is detrimental to our bodies if taken in large and uncontrolled amounts.
Sodas cost extra.
Sodas have very little nutritional value, and frequently contain caffeine.
Sodas imported from Mexico, along with iced tea, domestic soda, and coffee, are also available.
Sodas mixed with juice can also be a refreshing treat.
Every soda is like having a dessert.
Many sodas also contain caffeine.
Many sodas also have caffeine.
Most soda causes imbalances.
Most soda contains calories.
Most soda contains carbon dioxide.
Most soda contains dioxide.
Most soda contains sugar calories.
Most soda contains sugar.
Most soda contains water.
Most soda has a high sugar content.
Most soda has flavor.
Most soda has no vitamins or protein.
Most soda has smooth flavor.
Most soda has smooth vanilla flavor.
Most soda has sugar.
Most soda has vanilla flavor.
Most sodas contain corn syrup.
Some soda contains oxide.
Some soda has nutrients.
Some soda helps body weight.
Some soda helps pain.
Some soda helps weight.
A sodalite is a mineral
Sodalite cuts very nice gemstones.
Sodalite helps alleviate insomnia caused by overactive mental chatter.
Sodalite helps in balance when one is emotionally or mentally confused.
Sodalite promotes issues of trust, enhances companionship and the commonality of goals with others.
Sodalites are minerals.
A sodality is a class
Sodality runs on a shared leadership model .
Sodalities usually form around particular gifts, ministries or activities.
A soddy is a house
Soddies are practical and tough, but vulnerable.
Soddies are small houses with walls built of stacked layers of uniformly cut turf.
Soddies are warm in winter and cool in summer.
Sodic soils are dispersible and are thus vulnerable to erosion.
Sodic soils are hard and cloddy when dry and tend to crust.
Sodic soils are high in exchangeable sodium.
Sodic soils are low in the kinds of salts found in saline soils, but they are high in sodium.
Sodic soils are salt affected lands dominated by the electro-chemical bonding of sodium on to clay.
Sodium acetate is a soluble salt.
Sodium acetate is a weak base and the conjugate base for acetic acid.
Sodium acetate is acetate.
Sodium acetate is chemical compounds.
Sodium acetate is ionic compounds.
Sodium acetate is salt.
Sodium acetate protonates the nitrogen of aniline so that it is soluble in water.
Sodium acetate reacts with acetic anhydride to produce acetic anhydride.
Sodium aluminate is used in fabric printing processes.
Sodium amide is an example.
Sodium arsenate is used in ant killers and in animal dips as an insecticide.
Sodium atoms combine with atoms.
Sodium atoms combine with chlorine atoms.
Sodium atoms have shells.
Sodium atoms have valence shells.
Sodium azide inhibits the activities of iron-porphyrin compounds such as catalase and cytochromes.
Sodium azide is a broad-spectrum enzyme inhibitor and acts as an antimicrobial agent.
Sodium azide is a component of the propellant that inflates the airbag.
Sodium azide is harmful if swallowed.
Sodium azide is known to produce hypotension in laboratory animals and humans.
Sodium azide is poisonous.
Sodium azide is self-reactive.
Sodium azide is the explosive ingredient that makes vehicle airbags inflate instantly on impact.
Sodium azide is very toxic.
Sodium azide reacts with copper, lead, and acids to create dangerous products.
Sodium azides are chemical compounds.
Sodium azides are inorganic compounds.
A sodium benzoate is salt
Sodium benzoate has activity against yeast, mold, and bacteria.
Sodium benzoate is a sale food preservative that has been in use for years.
Sodium benzoate is a slightly hygroscopic, white, odorless or nearly odorless product.
Sodium benzoate is the sodium salt of benzoic acid.
Sodium benzoate is used as a preservative in many condiments, such as relishes and salad dressings.
Sodium benzoate stops contamination by microbes.
Sodium benzoates are chemical compounds.
Sodium bicarbonate acts as a buffer against lactic acid.
Sodium bicarbonate attenuates pain on skin infiltration with lidocaine, with or without epinephrine.
Sodium bicarbonate can neutralize both acid and base spills.
Sodium bicarbonate can produce a cloudy solution when added to lidocaine.
Sodium bicarbonate causes potassium to shift from extracellular to intracellular fluids.
Sodium bicarbonate dissolves in water.
Sodium bicarbonate has a unique chemical property that attracts and absorbs odors.
Sodium bicarbonate is a commonly used buffering agent in cattle diets.
Sodium bicarbonate is a natural ingredient found in saliva.
Sodium bicarbonate is administered intravenously to restore acid-base balance.
Sodium bicarbonate is also a very osmotically active solution.
Sodium bicarbonate is an ampholyte.
Sodium bicarbonate is an old standby antacid.
Sodium bicarbonate is antacids.
Sodium bicarbonate is carbonate
Sodium bicarbonate is chemical compounds.
Sodium bicarbonate is converted into soda ash, which is used to make glass and detergent.
Sodium bicarbonate is effective in reversing some of the cardiotoxicity.
Sodium bicarbonate is given intravenously.
Sodium bicarbonate is given to correct acidosis.
Sodium bicarbonate is indicated early to begin correction of acidosis.
Sodium bicarbonate is inorganic compounds.
Sodium bicarbonate is ionic compounds.
Sodium bicarbonate is medicine.
Sodium bicarbonate is mildly basic.
Sodium bicarbonate is non-toxic and water soluble.
Sodium bicarbonate is powder.
Sodium bicarbonate is salt.
Sodium bicarbonate is stable under long-term storage conditions and is nontoxic and noncorrosive.
Sodium bicarbonate is white.
Sodium bicarbonate neutralizes acid.
Sodium bicarbonate taken orally makes the urine less acidic and more alkaline.
Sodium bicarbonate works synergistically with the other actives as an expectorant.
Most sodium bicarbonate neutralizes acid.
Some sodium bicarbonate improves performance.
A sodium bichromate is a mordant
A sodium bichromate is salt
Sodium bichromate is relatively easy to handle, transport and store.
Sodium bichromate is used extensively in the manufacture of lead chromate pigments.
Sodium borate is the most common form of supplement.
Sodium bromide is a white solid.
Sodium bromide is only toxic in large amounts, like sodium chloride.
Sodium carbonate is a moderate alkali.
Sodium carbonate is a salt.
Sodium carbonate is chemical compounds.
Sodium carbonate is inorganic compounds.
Sodium carbonate is ionic compounds.
Sodium carbonate is salt
Sodium carbonate is salt.
Sodium carbonate is sold as washing soda .
Sodium carbonate is the active ingredient in baking soda.
Sodium carbonate is used as washing soda and for softening hard water.
Sodium carbonate is used in the precipitation of cobalt carbonate.
Sodium cellulose phosphate has phosphate.
Sodium channels accumulate at the tips of injured axons.
Sodium channels are ion channels.
Sodium channels become inactivated and potassium channels are opened.
Sodium channels underlie rapid impulse propagation in neurons and in muscle.
A sodium chlorate is salt
Sodium chlorate comes in dust, spray and granule formulations.
Sodium chlorate has a soil-sterilant effect.
Sodium chlorate is a non-selective herbicide.
Sodium chlorate is also a potent nephrotoxin and acute tubular necrosis is common.
Sodium chlorate is considered non-toxic to fish.
Sodium chlorates are chemical compounds.
Sodium chlorates are salt.
Sodium chloride can cause eye and skin irritation if used in too high concentrations.
Sodium chloride can partially dry an organic phase when used as a concentrated brine wash.
Sodium chloride comes from underground deposits sea water, brine.
Sodium chloride conducts electricity.
Sodium chloride does precisely nothing to pH and hardness.
Sodium chloride is a binary compound
Sodium chloride is a cube .
Sodium chloride is a cube.
Sodium chloride is a relatively inexpensive salt compared to calcium chloride.
Sodium chloride is a salt.
Sodium chloride is a synthetic form of salt - table salt.
Sodium chloride is added to the ice to lower the freezing point of the ice.
Sodium chloride is also very soluble.
Sodium chloride is always sodium chloride.
Sodium chloride is an electrolyte.
Sodium chloride is an example of a crystalline solid.
Sodium chloride is an example of a strong electrolyte.
Sodium chloride is an example of an antacid.
Sodium chloride is an example of an ionic crystal.
Sodium chloride is an ideal encapsulation material.
Sodium chloride is an ionic compound .
Sodium chloride is an ionic compound, that is the components are present as ions.
Sodium chloride is basic table salt.
Sodium chloride is by far the most common salt that exists naturally on the Earth.
Sodium chloride is called an ionic compound.
Sodium chloride is chemical compounds.
Sodium chloride is common salt .
Sodium chloride is common table salt which is important in animal nutrition.
Sodium chloride is commonly deficient in swine rations.
Sodium chloride is formed by the combination of sodium and chlorine.
Sodium chloride is important for animal nutrition.
Sodium chloride is inorganic compounds.
Sodium chloride is ionic compounds.
Sodium chloride is mined in a similar manner.
Sodium chloride is nutrients.
Sodium chloride is odorless but has a characteristic taste.
Sodium chloride is only one of more than six million known compounds.
Sodium chloride is relatively inexpensive, but it can burn plants and corrode metal and concrete.
Sodium chloride is salt.
Sodium chloride is soluble in water and very slightly soluble in ethanol.
Sodium chloride is the chemical name for common table salt.
Sodium chloride is the most common chlorine ore.
Sodium chloride is the salt most commonly used to season food.
Sodium chloride is the same in the U.S. as it is in China.
Sodium chloride is used because it is cheap and easy to obtain in large quantities.
Sodium chloride is used for three reasons.
Sodium chloride is used in veterinary medicine as emesis causing agent.
Most sodium chloride conducts electricity.
Some sodium chloride exists as crystal.
Sodium chlorite is a colorless solid.
Sodium chlorite is also the trigger for the release of chlorine dioxide.
Sodium chlorite is made into chlorine dioxide for infectious disease control.
Sodium chlorite is mixed through the CD generator above.
Sodium chlorite is the most common chlorite.
Sodium chlorite reacts with hydrochloric acid to make chlorine dioxide .
Sodium chlorite reacts with hydrochloric acid to make chlorine dioxide.
Sodium chlorites are chemical compounds.
Sodium chromate is available in anhydrous crystalline form.
Sodium citrate is a strong buffer.
Sodium citrate is a white, granular or crystalline powder with a pleasant acid taste.
Sodium citrate is an alkaliniser used to treat urinary tract infections.
Sodium citrate is used as a flavoring.
Sodium citrate is used as an acidity regulator in food and drinks.
Sodium compounds are used in soaps , toothpaste , baking and antiacids .
Sodium compounds are used in soaps, toothpaste, baking and antiacids.
Sodium compounds have many applications, the most well-known being sodium chloride as table salt .
Sodium cyanide dissolves instantly in water, turning into hydrocyanic acid.
Sodium cyanide is a corrosive, highly toxic chemical.
Sodium cyanide is a white, crystalline compound.
Sodium cyanide is acutely toxic to any living thing.
Sodium cyanide is chemical compounds.
Sodium cyanide is cyanide
Sodium cyanide is cyanide.
Sodium cyanide is produced from the reaction between hydrogen cyanide and sodium hydroxide.
Sodium deficiencies affect weight.
Sodium deficiencies are rare in our day and time, but they can occur.
Sodium deficiency can trigger hypertension, as mentioned previously.
Sodium deficiency causes skin to become sticky and makes it wrinkle faster.
Sodium deficiency leads to signs of dehydration and hypovolemia.
Most sodium deficiencies affect weight.
Some sodium deficiencies cause blood pressure.
Some sodium deficiencies cause low blood pressure.
Some sodium deficiencies cause low pressure.
Some sodium deficiencies cause pressure.
Sodium dichromate is a bright orange crystal.
Sodium dichromate is a mordant
Sodium dichromate is salt
Sodium ferrocyanide is added to slurry as an anti-caking agent and corrosion inhibitor.
Sodium fluorescein is the standard clinical method for evaluating tear film breakup.
Sodium fluoride is a compound that has many industrial uses.
Sodium fluoride is a poison.
Sodium fluoride is a powerful roach killer and rat poison.
Sodium fluoride is a toxic derivative created by aluminum smelting.
Sodium fluoride is a vitamin inhibitor.
Sodium fluoride is added to most public drinking water.
Sodium fluoride is added to prevent tooth decay.
Sodium fluoride is added to public water supplies in carefully regulated, nontoxic amounts.
Sodium fluoride is an active ingredient in anti-caries mouth washes.
Sodium fluoride is another nonhormonal approach to the prevention of and therapy for osteoporosis.
Sodium fluoride is chemical compounds.
Sodium fluoride is employed as an insecticide.
Sodium fluoride is inorganic compounds.
Sodium fluoride is ionic compounds.
Sodium fluoride is rapidly and almost completely absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract.
Sodium fluoride is salt
Sodium fluoride is salt.
Sodium fluoride is solids.
Sodium fluoride is the active ingredient in many brands of toothpaste.
Sodium fluoride is the ingredient.
Sodium fluoride is the only one that has been studied extensively.
Sodium fluoride is toxic substances.
Sodium fluoride is white.
Sodium hydroxide breaks down the lignin in wood.
Sodium hydroxide can absorb carbon dioxide.
Sodium hydroxide can cause burns.
Sodium hydroxide can cause severe burns and death.
Sodium hydroxide can cause severe burns of the eyes and skin.
Sodium hydroxide can cause severe burns that result in damage to the eyes and possibly blindness.
Sodium hydroxide causes severe skin burns and destroys skin tissue.
Sodium hydroxide enables industries that produce paper, soap, and aluminium.
Sodium hydroxide is a corrosive material.
Sodium hydroxide is a noxious chemical that can become airborne on hot, windy days.
Sodium hydroxide is a respiratory irritant.
Sodium hydroxide is a severe irritant of the eyes, mucous membranes, and skin.
Sodium hydroxide is a strong alkali and is corrosive to any tissue with which it comes in contact.
Sodium hydroxide is a strong alkali that can eat flesh off of bones.
Sodium hydroxide is a strong base.
Sodium hydroxide is added to raise the pH to a non-corrosive level.
Sodium hydroxide is an alkali, which is why sodium is sometimes called an alkali metal.
Sodium hydroxide is available in dry or liquid form.
Sodium hydroxide is bases.
Sodium hydroxide is caustic and corrosive to skin.
Sodium hydroxide is chemical compounds.
Sodium hydroxide is corrosive to flesh and can cause blindness.
Sodium hydroxide is corrosive.
Sodium hydroxide is crystal.
Sodium hydroxide is destructive to eye tissues on contact.
Sodium hydroxide is hydroxide
Sodium hydroxide is inorganic compounds.
Sodium hydroxide is ionic compounds.
Sodium hydroxide is lye.
Sodium hydroxide is manufacture of soap.
Sodium hydroxide is sold as lye in the drain opener department of many gorcery and hardware stores.
Sodium hydroxide is solids.
Sodium hydroxide is the alkaline agent which alters keratin.
Sodium hydroxide is toxic substances.
Sodium hydroxide is used in the manufacture of paper , soap and ceramics .
Sodium hydroxide is used in the manufacture of synthetic fibres, soaps and detergents.
Sodium hydroxide is used to make paper, detergents and soap.
Sodium hydroxide is used to produce hard bar soaps.
Sodium hydroxide is used wherever a cheap alkali is needed, for example, in making soap .
Sodium hydroxide promotes swelling and expansion of hemicellulose.
Sodium hydroxide reacts with aluminum to form hydrogen gas.
Sodium hydroxide reacts with carbon dioxide and gives sodium carbonate and water.
Sodium hydroxide remains in solution .
Some sodium hydroxide has bonds.
Some sodium hydroxide has ionic bonds.
A sodium hypochlorite is a hypochlorite
A sodium hypochlorite is a whitener
A sodium hypochlorite is an antimicrobial
Sodium hypochlorite becomes less toxic with age.
Sodium hypochlorite can cause blistering of the skin and severe deep burns to the eyes.
Sodium hypochlorite is a strong oxidizing agent.
Sodium hypochlorite is added for disinfection.
Sodium hypochlorite is added to drinking water at the secondary disinfection stations.
Sodium hypochlorite is inherently an unstable compound.
Sodium hypochlorite is manufactured by dissolving chlorine in sodium hydroxide solution.
Sodium hypochlorite is manufactured by mixing chlorine with sodium hydroxide and water.
Sodium hypochlorite is the chemical name for the common name bleach.
Sodium hypochlorite is the most common method for controlling the bio-fouling of cooling systems.
Sodium hypochlorite substitutes for in vitro plant propagation.
Sodium hypochlorites are chemical compounds.
Sodium hypochlorites are disinfectants.
Sodium hypochlorites are hypochlorites.
Sodium hypochlorites are inorganic compounds.
Sodium intake affects factors.
Sodium intake affects risk factors.
Sodium intake causes blood pressure.
Sodium intake causes pressure.
Sodium intake increases calcium excretion.
Sodium intake increases excretion.
Sodium intake promotes effects.
Sodium ion ca.
Sodium ions are a product of the reaction.
Sodium ions are found in the ocean .
Sodium ions are found in the ocean.
Sodium ions are kept on the outside of the cells membrane.
Sodium ions are positive, and chloride ions are negative, that's why they stick together as salt.
Sodium ions are positive, so the area immediately outside the cell membrane is positive.
Sodium ions are the dominant cation in the soil solution iv.
Sodium ions are used to build up electrical gradients in the firing of neurons in the brain.
Sodium ions balanced by other ions are necessary to normal cell function in all tissues of the body.
Sodium ions can displace essential plant nutrients in the soil.
Sodium ions enter the cell and begin the depolarization.
Sodium ions enter the cell.
Sodium ions follow passively.
Sodium ions increase the activity when magnesium ions are present.
Sodium ions travel down the axon.
Sodium lactate affects pathogens in cooked beef.
Sodium lamps are best for supplementing natural light.
Sodium lamps are the brightest of the high intensity discharge lamps.
Sodium lamps use a mix of neon gas and solid sodium to achieve their golden hue.
Sodium lights emit less blue wave light.
Sodium lights make the sky a nasty brown colour.
Sodium metal is all too happy to donate an electron in most circumstances.
Sodium metal is produced by the electrolysis of molten sodium chloride.
Sodium metal is reacted with it.
Sodium metal is soft enough to be cut with a plastic knife.
Sodium metal reacts violently with water.
Sodium metal reacts with water to produce sodium hydroxide and hydrogen.
Sodium nitrate is a powerful oxidizer.
Sodium nitrate is a white solid very soluble in water .
Sodium nitrate is chemical compounds.
Sodium nitrate is included in fertilizers.
Sodium nitrate is inorganic compounds.
Sodium nitrate is ionic compounds.
Sodium nitrate is nitrate
Sodium nitrate is nitrate.
Sodium nitrate is salt.
Sodium nitrate is toxic substances.
Sodium nitrate is used in dry cured meat, because it slowly breaks down into nitrite.
Sodium nitrate is used to make gunpowder.
A sodium nitrite is a nitrite
Sodium nitrite is a common nitrite.
Sodium nitrite is a toxic substance, and at sufficient dose levels, is toxic in humans.
Sodium nitrite is used to make the diazonium ion.
Sodium nitrite is used to preserve meat.
Sodium nitrites are chemical compounds.
Sodium nitrites are inorganic compounds.
Sodium nitrites are nitrites.
Sodium oxalate is toxic.
Sodium oxide is alkaline .
Sodium oxide reacts with carbon dioxide to form sodium carbonate.
Sodium peroxide can react explosively with water.
Sodium phosphate is phosphate
Sodium phosphates are capable of seriously reducing the ionic serum calcium.
Sodium restriction corrects hyperfiltration of diabetes.
Sodium restriction is especially important for the elderly.
Sodium retention is aided by increased aldosterone levels in newborns.
Sodium retention is promoted by increases in blood estrogen levels.
Sodium salt is monoxone.
Sodium salts preserve mummies.
A sodium silicate is glass
Sodium silicate is corrosive and can cause severe eye irritation and corneal burns.
Sodium silicate is the most commonly used structural grout for clean, sandy soils.
Sodium silicates are available in either granular or aqueous solution forms.
Sodium silicates are chemical compounds.
Sodium sulfacetamide can cause reddening and scaling of the skin.
Sodium sulfacetamide inhibits bacterial growth.
Sodium sulfacetamide is a sulfonamide with antibacterial activity.
Sodium sulfate is a soluble salt.
Sodium sulfate is a stimulant of the epithelia cells and of the nerves.
Sodium sulfate is a sulphate
Sodium sulfate is chemical compounds.
Sodium sulfate is inorganic compounds.
Sodium sulfate is ionic compounds.
Sodium sulfate is salt.
Sodium sulfate is toxic substances.
Sodium sulfate is used as a drying agent.
Sodium sulfide allows to obtain light blue product of prevailing cristobalite structure.
Sodium sulfide is provided as a source of hydrogen sulfide.
A sodium sulphate is a sulphate
Sodium sulphate is a mineral which is produced in several locations in southern Saskatchewan.
Sodium telluride is made by reacting tellurium and sodium in liquid ammonia.
Sodium telluride is used to make organic tellurium compounds.
A sodium thiopental is a barbiturate
Sodium thiopental is a short acting barbiturate which causes unconsciousness quite quickly.
Sodium vapor is used in streetlights and produces a brilliant yellow light.
Sodium vapor produces bright yellow lines.
Sodium acetate plus one-half equivalent of sodium hydroxide.
Sodium acetate, however, also dissociates in water to give the OAc - ion.
Sodium affects clayey soils more than it affects sandy soils.
Sodium alone is a soft metal which reacts violently with water.
Sodium alone is very reactive.
Sodium also assists in keeping our muscles and nerves in top-top shape.
Sodium also assists in the proper functioning of muscles and nerves.
Sodium also encourages calcium to pass through the kidneys.
Sodium also enhances overall mental efficiency and performance.
Sodium also forms many useful compounds.
Sodium also helps make the drink taste better, which leads to greater consumption by the athlete.
Sodium also helps regulate other body functions.
Sodium appears in detergents in some oils, and as an antifreeze additive.
Sodium appears to also have a separate source more widely distributed in patches over the surface.
Sodium appears to be a part of relatively volatile glue which holds together silicate grains.
Sodium atoms in the gas cloud are particulary efficient at reflecting yellow light .
Sodium atoms in the gas cloud are particulary efficient at reflecting yellow light.
Sodium attracts fluid, and when people retain fluid they have trouble breathing.
Sodium attracts water.
Sodium burns in air with a brilliant yellow flame.
Sodium burns in air with an orange flame to form sodium oxide .
Sodium burns readily in air forming a mixture of sodium oxide and sodium peroxide.
Sodium burns with a bright yellow color in a flame test .
Sodium can also be toxic to foliage.
Sodium can also cause dispersion and swelling of clays, especially montmorillonite.
Sodium can alter surface water pH, making it more acidic.
Sodium can bind to the potting mix molecules through the cation exchange capacity of the soil.
Sodium can cause soil to become compacted, inhibiting root growth.
Sodium can cause water retention which can aggravate high blood pressure.
Sodium can contribute to high blood pressure.
Sodium can hold excess fluid in the body and place an added burden on the heart.
Sodium can kill the soil.
Sodium can occur as a salt in a crystalline solid.
Sodium can raise blood pressure.
Sodium causes fluid retention, and fat increases the risk of heart disease.
Sodium causes fluid retention, gas, heartburn, and cardiovascular problems.
Sodium causes fluids to build up in the tissues.
Sodium combines directly with the halogens.
Sodium comes in many forms.
Sodium contributes to high blood pressure in many individuals.
Sodium corrodes quickly in airand so has few uses.
Sodium depends on using low-salt tuna.
Sodium diffuses in and is pumped back out, while potassium does the reverse journey.
Sodium dimethyl arsenate.
Sodium does contribute to high blood pressure.
Sodium ethoxide is the conjugate base of ethanol.
Sodium exists as a negatively charged electrolyte.
Sodium floats on water, which decomposes it to evolve hydrogen and form the hydroxide.
Sodium fluoride An oral supplement to help maintain healthy teeth.
Sodium forms only outer-sphere complexes.
Sodium forms positive ions and chlorine makes negative ions.
Sodium gives off a yellow color.
Sodium has (part) atoms.
Sodium has excellent electrical conductivity and is an important heat transfer agent.
Sodium helps alleviate leg cramps, as does calcium.
Sodium helps cause high blood pressure in some people.
Sodium helps maintain proper body fluid volume.
Sodium helps move our muscles and develop bone.
Sodium helps regulate movement of fluids in and out of body cells.
Sodium helps the kidneys to regulate water levels in the body.
Sodium helps to maintain the concentration of body fluids at correct levels.
Sodium helps to prevent sunstroke.
Sodium helps to regulate acid-base balance and fluid movement across the cell membranes.
Sodium helps to regulate the water in the body.
Sodium holds water, causes bloating thus increases weight.
Sodium imbalances a.
Sodium improves palatibility as it offsets the sweetness of the added sugars.
Sodium iodide gives a yellow solid that turns black on the addition of sodium sulfide.
Sodium iodide produces a very large amount of light compared to other scintillators.
Sodium is a chemical element that has been used by humans since the ancient times.
Sodium is a chemical that is naturally present in our bodies.
Sodium is a compound of many foodstuffs, for instance of common salt.
Sodium is a dispersing agent, and it causes soil structure to disintegrate.
Sodium is a light , silver-coloured metal .
Sodium is a light, metallic element.
Sodium is a light, silver-coloured metal.
Sodium is a little bit trickier.
Sodium is a low-melting metal which reacts violently, and even explosively with water.
Sodium is a metal that burns when put into water and chlorine is a poisonous gas .
Sodium is a metal that burns when put into water and chlorine is a poisonous gas.
Sodium is a metal that ignites when it comes into contact with water.
Sodium is a metal that is so unstable that it bursts into flame when placed in water.
Sodium is a mineral and an important component of body fluids.
Sodium is a mineral associated with high blood pressure.
Sodium is a mineral found naturally in many foods.
Sodium is a mineral needed to maintain body fluids and proper nerve function.
Sodium is a mineral that attracts and holds water.
Sodium is a mineral that combines with chlorine to form salt.
Sodium is a mineral that helps the body regulate blood pressure .
Sodium is a mineral that is needed by the body for proper functioning.
Sodium is a mineral that is required by the body to regulate blood pressure and blood volume.
Sodium is a mineral that occurs naturally in foods.
Sodium is a mineral that the body uses to regulate blood pressure.
Sodium is a mineral used by the body to control blood pressure and blood volume.
Sodium is a mineral which is added.
Sodium is a mineral.
Sodium is a naturally occuring mineral found in small amounts in most foods and abundantly in salt.
Sodium is a nutrient that our body needs to function properly.
Sodium is a part of many other ingredients added to prepare foods that often have no salty taste.
Sodium is a part of salt and other substances in foods.
Sodium is a part of salt.
Sodium is a regular part of our food supply.
Sodium is a sneaky substance.
Sodium is a soft, silver-white metal.
Sodium is a soft, silvery-white metal.
Sodium is a solid on Earth.
Sodium is a very important element in fertilizers.
Sodium is a very light metal, light enough to float on water.
Sodium is a very reactive element that is never found free in nature.
Sodium is a very reactive element.
Sodium is a very soft, silvery-white metal.
Sodium is a very soluble and natural ingredient of water.
Sodium is a very soluble, natural ingredient of water.
Sodium is a very soothing mineral to the liver.
Sodium is a vital element.
Sodium is a well established risk factor for hypertension and resulting ischemic heart disease.
Sodium is absolutely essential for life.
Sodium is abundant in most foods except fruit.
Sodium is adsorbed and becomes attached to soil particles.
Sodium is alkali metal.
Sodium is also highly chemical reactive.
Sodium is also important to moose.
Sodium is also important to proper nerve function and the metabolism of proteins and carbohydrates.
Sodium is also necessary for nerve and muscle functioning.
Sodium is also vital for the function of nerves.
Sodium is also vital to regulating many body processes.
Sodium is available in abundance in the American diet.
Sodium is available in adequate quantities from a variety of plant foods.
Sodium is chemical elements.
Sodium is commonly deficient in diets, but chlorine levels are usually adequate.
Sodium is considered an alkali metal.
Sodium is contraindicated in patients with hypertension.
Sodium is especially important in extracellular water balance and the acid-base balance.
Sodium is essential for good health.
Sodium is essential in maintaining normal body fluid levels.
Sodium is essential, but controversely surrounds the amount required.
Sodium is even cheaper and more plentiful than lithium.
Sodium is found in a great many foods.
Sodium is found in as an alloy in nuclear reactor coolant.
Sodium is found in nature only in the combined state.
Sodium is found in salt and many other foods.
Sodium is found in salt and other foods.
Sodium is found in table salt and some prepared foods, especially canned foods.
Sodium is found in very large amounts in areas such as extracellular fluid and perspiration.
Sodium is found naturally in foods such as milk, seafood and eggs.
Sodium is found naturally in low to moderate amounts.
Sodium is found naturally in many foods.
Sodium is found naturally in milk, meats and certain vegetables.
Sodium is harmful in a variety of ways as it is associated with heart disease and water-weight gain.
Sodium is hidden in many foods, so check labels on food packages for sodium content.
Sodium is hidden in many processed foods and naturally occurs in many other favorites.
Sodium is highly mobile and can readily leach from exposed spoil.
Sodium is important for proper digestion in the stomach, nerve function, and muscle contractions.
Sodium is important in the body in limited amounts.
Sodium is in another group with elements having one electron in their outer shells.
Sodium is in high concentration outside the cell and low inside.
Sodium is in table salt as part of a compound.
Sodium is in table salt.
Sodium is made entirely from sodium atoms.
Sodium is major extracellular cation and potassium is the major intracellular cation.
Sodium is metal
Sodium is metallic elements.
Sodium is more active than potassium.
Sodium is more reactive in air when in a liquid state than in a solid state.
Sodium is much more difficult to understand.
Sodium is necessary for all creatures.
Sodium is necessary for hydrochloric acid production in the stomach.
Sodium is necessary for proper bodily functions.
Sodium is observed to concentrate near the poles, forming bright spots.
Sodium is often a limiting factor of plant growth.
Sodium is one of several naturally occurring elements in blood called electrolytes.
Sodium is one of the elements used.
Sodium is one of the main positively charged mineral ions or electrolytes in body fluid.
Sodium is one of the most serious limiting minerals in nature for mammals.
Sodium is only one of many factors known to affect blood pressure.
Sodium is our planet's sixth most abundant element and it is the most abundant alkali metal.
Sodium is pivotal to fluid and electrolyte balance and to the homeostasis of all body systems.
Sodium is present in additives such as monosodium glutamate and sodium bicarbonate.
Sodium is present in fair abundance in the sun and stars.
Sodium is present in most antacids.
Sodium is present in the white and pink feldspar crystals in a piece of granite.
Sodium is primarily responsible for maintaining normal levels of extracellular fluid volume.
Sodium is regulated by our kidneys.
Sodium is replaced with appropriate rehydration.
Sodium is responsible for regulating and transferring body fluids.
Sodium is rich in the serum but poor in the intracellular water.
Sodium is so soft that it can be easily cut with a knife .
Sodium is so soft that it can be easily cut with a knife.
Sodium is soft, malleable and ductile.
Sodium is ubiquitous.
Sodium is used in fireworks to make an intense yellow color.
Sodium is used in the broth or solution of some enhanced products, usually at very low levels.
Sodium is used in the manufacture of tetraethyl lead and as a cooling agent in nuclear reactors.
Sodium is vital for maintaining fluid balance in body tissues.
Sodium is vital to normal body growth.
Sodium is, after chloride, the second most abundant element dissolved in seawater.
Sodium isa metal.
Sodium lactate effect on sensory characteristics, cooked meat color and chemical composition.
Sodium lights on the wall emit blueness, giving the steam the color of a new bruise.
Sodium makes up most of the cations of blood plasma.
Sodium means metal of soda.
Sodium naturally present in water also helps to replace that lost through perspiration.
Sodium occurs in many minerals, such as cryolite, soda niter, zeolite, amphibole, and sodalite.
Sodium occurs naturally in foods.
Sodium occurs naturally in most foods.
Sodium occurs naturally in nearly every food, from milk and beets to celery.
Sodium occurs naturally in water and in water treated by water softeners.
Sodium performs many essential functions in the body.
Sodium periodate interference with the quantitation of membrane phosphatase.
Sodium phosphide is a black solid.
Sodium phosphide is an example.
Sodium phosphide is flammable, making toxic gases when burned.
Sodium plays a key factor in maintaining fluid balance and is essential for rapid fluid absorption.
Sodium plays a very important role in controlling the fluid balance in the body.
Sodium plays an essential role in regulating fluids and blood pressure.
Sodium plays an essential role in the regulation of blood pressure and blood volume.
Sodium produces a yellow flame.
Sodium ranks seventh in order of abundance of the elements in the earth's crust.
Sodium reacts readily with the halogens , forming the appropriate sodium salt.
Sodium reacts very vigorously.
Sodium reacts vigorously with fluorine and chlorine at room temperature.
Sodium reacts violently on contact with water and often ignites or explodes the hydrogen formed.
Sodium reacts violently with water and actively with air.
Sodium reacts with organic halides in two ways.
Sodium reacts with water more vigorously than lithium and less vigorously than potassium.
Sodium reacts with water.
Sodium readily reacts with oxygen to form sodium oxide.
Sodium refers to the salt present in the water and is generally naturally occurring.
Sodium residues after on-farm investigations.
Sodium rushes in, and potassium rushes out.
Sodium soothes the liver.
Sodium sulfate anhydrous.
Sodium tends to be high also.
Sodium thiosulfate anhydrous of fixer fame is a well known darkroom material, too.
Sodium thiosulfate instantaneously removes chlorine.
Sodium turns on the thirst mechanism and athletes are more likely to keep on drinking.
Most sodium comes from processed foods.
Some sodium causes abnormalities.
Some sodium causes reversible abnormalities.
Some sodium conducts electricity.
Some sodium has effects.
Some sodium has harmful effects.
Some sodium has other harmful effects.
Some sodium is essential for survival.
Some sodium is found in most foods, from vegetables to TV dinners.
Some sodium is necessary for good health, but there is enough natural sodium in foods.
Sodomists are predators.
A sodomite is an offender
Sodomites are in Washington helping govern the country, helping make laws.
Sodomites have their unholy sexual unions blessed by members of the clergy.
Sodomy laws are still on the books in a number of states.
Sodomy laws create opportunities for police abuse.
Sodomy laws tend to be enforced only against homosexuals.
A sodomy is sexual perversion
Sodomies are moral issues.
Sodomies are perversion.
Sodomy also includes bestiality, another sin that extends beyond the perimeter of even nature.
Sodomy is . . .
Sodomy is a crime in Malaysia.
Sodomy is a graver sin than murder.
Sodomy is a sexual act, other than intercourse, such as oral or anal sex.
Sodomy is a special brand of fast growing grass.
Sodomy is a special kind of fast growing grass.
Sodomy is a special kind of fast-growing grass.
Sodomy is a special land of fast growing grass.
Sodomy is an example of living in contradiction of our basic constitution.
Sodomy is an unnatural sexual act that many homosexual men do.
Sodomy is anal sex.
Sodomy is behavior and has good health reasons to be avoided.
Sodomy is called homosexuality or being gay or lesbian.
Sodomy is illegal and can carry a penalty of two years in prison.
Sodomy is illegal in Zimbabwe, while homosexuality practice carries a mandatory prison sentence.
Sodomy is illegal in Zimbabwe.
Sodomy is similar to rape.
Sodomy is sin against family and children.
Sodomy is sin against parents.
Sodomy is sin against the body.
Sodomy is still against the law in some states.
Sodomy is still illegal in Texas.
Sodomy is still on the books in many states.
Sodomy is the Bible word for homosexuality.
Sodomy is the third major term, and is also defined in three degrees.
Sodomy is wrong.
Sodomy occurs when a person engages in deviate sexual intercourse with another.
Sodomy upsets the natural order of verbs, predicates, and noun declensions.
SoE continues to evolve.
SoE reports on the Internet.
SOEs are a major polluters.
SOEs are subject to the same tax burden and tax rebate policies as their private sector competitors.
SOEs continue to function and operate within South Africa.
SOEs do purchase and supply goods and services from the private sector and foreign firms.
SOEs remain deeply entrenched in China.
SOEs sell vacant stands to private enterprises illegally, and fair administrators impose fines.
SOEs always have arrangements already made with hospitals in the event of an accident.
Some SOEs encourage early retirement.
Soem people are like that.
Soesterberg village prepares for visitor invasion.
A sofa bed is a couch
Sofa beds are also available in fixed or loose covering.
Sofa beds are an addition to the guest rooms on the upper floor.
Sofa beds are available for extra persons.
Sofa beds are located in basements.
Sofa beds are located in guest rooms.
Sofa beds are located in hotels.
Sofa beds are located in living rooms.
Sofa beds are located in motels.
Sofa beds are located in studio apartments.
Sofa beds can provide for extra guests.
Sofa beds can sleep two adults, but are better for children.
Sofa isa furniture.
Sofa pillows and a throw add even more color.
Sofa sets custom made by manufacturer.
Sofas are chairs.
Sofas are furniture.
Sofas are located in homes.
Sofas are located in houses.
Sofas are located in living rooms.
Sofas are seats.
Sofas are used for comfort.
Sofas are used for fucking.
Sofas are used for loungings.
Sofas are used for overnight guests.
Sofas are used for people.
Sofas are used for seats.
Sofas are used for sleeping.
Sofas have (part) sections.
Sofas have (part) upholstery.
Sofas have legs.
SOFAs make no reference to Amerasian children, who are often abandoned by their fathers.
Every sofa is a pullout double bed, providing additional sleeping space.
Some sofas result in injuries.
Sofas tend to have oak frames, with only the seat and back padded and covered with fabric.
A soffit is a side
Soffits are of an open style.
Soffits are sides.
Soffits are the undersides of roof overhangs.
Soft adventure is a less strenuous form of adventure travel.
Soft airline carry bag as optional accessory.
Soft alternatives are less green because they use more land.
Soft ambiguities are unresolvable and thus fatal for the logical meaning of the sentence.
Soft answers turn away, they say, Wrath.
Soft arms conserve energy.
Soft backpacks are comfortable and compact, but less stable.
Soft bags are better for packing that hard-sided luggage.
Soft bags are preferable.
Soft bags are preferred.
Soft baits are, as usual, doing well as in white and chartreuse.
Soft bank is one of the major high-tech companies in the world.
Soft bargaining is just the opposite.
Soft bark is the main food for a beaver.
Soft barriers account for most obstacles of project success.
Soft bedding is dangerous, regardless of the initial sleep position of the infant.
Soft belly is exactly what it sounds like.
Soft binaries get softer.
Soft blues melt well for sauces, pastas or even fondues.
Soft body uprights simply fill from one spot and lose airflow quickly, hampering performance.
Soft bones fracture more easily than normal bones.
Soft booms suck, broken ones suck more.
Soft boots work well and single board with both feet attached a good thing as well.
Soft bottom consists of unconsolidated sediment and unvegetated areas.
Soft bottoms are important to species like catfish, and insect eaters such as crappies and sunfish.
Soft bottoms occur where sediments accumulate.
Soft boxes give a spread of light suitable for background lighting or fill.
Soft bread crumbs a few seconds.
Soft breads are best with fish salads or flaky pieces of fish.
Soft breezes are everywhere.
Soft breezes blow gently across the popular outdoor restaurant area during the warm summer months.
Soft breezes carry a gentle perfume of jasmine and the fresh aroma of lemon groves.
Soft breezes swish through the bay leaves.
Soft breezes wave the flag.
Soft bricks crack too easily.
Soft bristles are better than hard.
Soft bristles are gentle for little ones.
Soft bristles are lightweight, to make the brush easy to handle.
Soft buns are great , and they're perfect for hot weather.
Soft bunker shots.
Soft butter Combine all ingredients in order given in a medium size bowl.
Soft cages are easy to transport and harvest.
Soft capital have emergent properties which happen in parallel with consumptiveness.
Soft carbohydrates are much harder to brush away than crunchy vegetables and good meat.
Soft carrier has a hard board bottom with fleece removable cover.
Soft case allows for professional presentation without bulk.
Soft case is included.
Soft cashmere comes from the wool of certain types of goats called cashmere goats.
Soft catheter is soft for comfort, yet firmer than red rubber for easy insertion.
Soft center cradles the neck to help correct poor sleeping posture.
Soft certification applies to all products other than apparel, textiles or footwear.
Soft chaparral is made of lower softer shrubs.
Soft cheeks reduce clatter.
Soft cheeses are as likely to be non-vegetarian as hard cheese.
Soft cheeses are as likely to be non-vegetarian as hard cheeses.
Soft cheeses are higher in fat than hard ones.
Soft cheeses are highly perishable.
Soft cheeses match differently than hard.
Soft cheeses take a shorter amount of time to come to room temperature than firm and hard cheeses.
Soft clipping emphasizes the lower- order harmonics, the third and fifth, etc.
Soft coal burns with a smoky flame.
Soft coal is a hot potato.
Soft coal is coal
Soft coal is dirty, but it makes heat.
Soft coal is found in many states.
Soft coat textures tangle and mat quicker than hard coats.
Soft code includes global commands and player -created commands placed on things or rooms.
Soft color is applied with graphite in combination with translucent layers of oil.
Soft colors abound, with garlands of pink roses gracing the windows.
Soft colors entwine and explode with possibilities.
Soft colors promote quiet and concentration.
Soft colors surround small windows, giving an interesting view of the city .
Soft commodities appear to have bottomed and have been recovering a little in recent weeks.
Soft comps are cocktails, restaurant expenses and shows that the casinos produce themselves.
Soft constraint can be more or less satisfied and are the same as optimisation criteria .
Soft construction circumvents bodysurfing area restrictions.
Soft Contact Lenses Soft contact lenses are initially the most comfortable type of lens.
Soft contacts are just what the name implies - softer, more flexible and therefore more comfortable.
Soft control is essentially a firm grasp.
A soft copy is matter
Soft copies are available at additional cost.
Soft coral comes in dramatic, often electric hues of orange, red, pink, and white-fringed by purple.
Soft coral has flexible skeletons that can sway in strong currents.
Soft corals are an important component of coral reefs.
Soft corals are colonial animals and some do have calcium carbonate skeletons of a sort.
Soft corals are important competitors for space on reefs.
Soft corals are in abundance here, including large gorgonian sea fans, and sea anemones.
Soft corals are similar to their hard coral cousins, but lack a hard limestone skeleton.
Soft corals blanket the colorful walls all the way down.
Soft corals come in shapes that look like whips, plumes, or fans and have only eight tentacles.
Soft corals exert no direct effect on coral reef fish assemblages.
Soft corals exert no direct effect on reef fishes.
Soft corals have a skeleton of horney tubes, spikes and rods.
Soft corals look like trees or bushes.
Soft corals populate the deeper waters, especially where there is current.
Soft corals reproduce by both sexual and asexual means.
Soft corals require extremely good water quality.
Soft corals require medium to slightly high water flow.
Soft corals take a little more care.
Most soft corals rely on the ocean current to supply necessary nutrients.
Soft Core Is Join today for hundreds of erotic pictures.
Soft cores are the most flexible and portable, but they are also the least predictable.
Soft corn is field corn
Soft corn is field corn.
Soft corns are result from bony prominences and are located between the toes.
Soft corns are usually interdigital and form over the phalangeal condyles between the toes.
Soft corns can occur between the toes.
Soft corns come between the toes and are very painful.
Soft corns resemble open sores and develop between the toes as they rub against each other.
Soft cost includes everything except the actual construction of a building.
Soft costs are intangible, indirect costs.
Soft cover has small tear on right hand cover.
Soft crab is a good bait option.
Soft crabs act soft.
Soft curds means too low of a temperature.
Soft cushions placed in the heel of the shoes or under the ball of the foot can help relieve pain.
Soft denim shirts, sand blasted bottoms, shirts with contrast stitching.
Soft desert colored fabric is carefree and fun, complementing most colors children wear today.
Soft design enables easy grip and safe play for young children.
A soft diet is a diet
Soft diets help most types of dysphagia by making it easier to move food in the mouth and esophagus.
Soft dogs are sensitive and seem to get their feelings hurt very easily.
Soft Dogs provide a friction grip, nonskid surface without marring the material.
Soft dollars are assets of the adviser's clients.
Soft dollars are mostly time and capacity savings.
Soft dollars can make efficient use of available commissions.
A soft drink is a drink
Soft drink has none.
Soft drink serves at cafe by car park.
Soft drink vending machines are also available.
Soft drinks are a complement to many types of foods that together form a balanced diet.
Soft drinks are a push button away.
Soft drinks are a safe substitute of water although they tend to have a high sugar content.
Soft drinks are also available at a nominal cost.
Soft drinks are also available.
Soft drinks are also popular in Egypt.
Soft drinks are always available in the clubhouse.
Soft drinks are always free.
Soft drinks are among the biggest contributor of sugar in the diet, according to experts.
Soft drinks are available at all times.
Soft drinks are available at any time during the tour.
Soft drinks are available at the entrance counter.
Soft drinks are available at the visitor center.
Soft drinks are available for purchase.
Soft drinks are available for sale, and a gift shop is located at the farm.
Soft drinks are available in a range of sizes.
Soft drinks are available on site.
Soft drinks are available through vending machines.
Soft drinks are available.
Soft drinks are basically sugar water.
Soft drinks are beverages.
Soft drinks are by far the most popular beverages by quantity consumed.
Soft drinks are carbonateds.
Soft drinks are complimentary.
Soft drinks are expensive.
Soft drinks are good and cold and be sure to try the movie special.
Soft drinks are good for three months.
Soft drinks are in no way essential to life, as long as there's water around.
Soft drinks are indeed complimentary now in the dining rooms, a nice change.
Soft drinks are located in movies.
Soft drinks are mostly water.
Soft drinks are no good.
Soft drinks are our fuel.
Soft drinks are snack food.
Soft drinks are so popular and visible that they are subject to various myths.
Soft drinks are still mixed from syrup and soda water.
Soft drinks are sugar water, nutritional zeros.
Soft drinks are the most acid substance a person can put in their body.
Soft drinks are the most deal-driven category in the supermarket.
Soft drinks are the number one source of added sugars in the American diet.
Soft drinks are very destructive to children's teeth.
Soft drinks are very expensive to buy and the cheapest drink to buy in a supermarket is milk.
Soft drinks are widely available in food stores, supermarkets, kiosks.
Soft drinks bring joy or promote peace.
Soft drinks can also mean soft bones.
Soft drinks can compliment many types of food, which when combined form a proper diet.
Soft Drinks can remove rust from a car bumper or other metal surfaces.
Soft drinks can retain carbonation if they are sealed and resealed as tightly as possible.
Soft drinks come from vending machines beside the service line.
Soft drinks come in litre bottles.
Soft drinks come with free refills, seating is limited and orders are completed promptly.
Soft drinks contain phosphates which block calcium absorption.
Soft drinks contain some carbonic acid which gives a tingling taste.
Soft drinks diminish the phosphorus levels which increases the risk of osteoporosis.
Soft drinks flow The soft drinks industry is one of the top performers in the Chinese mainland.
Soft drinks have a high phosphorus content, which also reduces magnesium levels in the body.
Soft drinks have virtually unlimited shelf lives.
Soft drinks provide a refreshing and wholesome way of quenching thirst.
Soft drinks provide sugar and calories and little else.
Soft drinks replace milk and fruit juice in the diets of children and adolescents.
Soft drinks represent the 'new generation'.
Soft drinks sell over a billion litres a year.
Soft drinks steal water from the body.
Soft drinks supply one half of our carbohydrates.
Soft drinks taste great in a bottle . . .
Soft drinks wear away tooth enamel.
All soft drinks are also free of charge on scheduled and charter flights.
Many soft drinks contain phosphoric acid, which increase the risk for stones.
Most soft drinks contain artificial colorants, caffeine, sugar, or artificial sweeteners.
Most soft drinks contain caffeine, which tends to increase the flow of urine.
Most soft drinks contain caffeine.
Most soft drinks contain the element sodium which is a shiny silvery metal.
Most soft drinks use fructose, derived from corn, as a sweetener.
Some soft drinks contain acid.
Some soft drinks contain an artificial sweetener called aspartame.
Some soft drinks contain fructose.
Some soft drinks have a large amount of added caffeine.
Soft drinkers outnumber beer drinkers.
A soft drug is a narcotic
A soft drug is a street drug
Soft drugs are cheap and less dificult to find.
Soft drugs are drugs of abuse.
Soft drugs are narcotics.
Soft drugs cause less addiction, though ciggarettes cause a lot.
Most soft drugs are already legal, mainly alcohol and tobacco.
Soft dust puffs up around our feet with each step.
Soft edges are gradual edges where plant succession occurs or is mimicked.
Soft edges make the cloning blend better.
Soft egg Put on the gloves and goggles.
Soft enamel fill optional.
Soft errors are errors corrected by the hardware without software intervention.
Soft eyes see better.
Soft fabric feel.
Soft fabric hangs over the back and arms.
Soft fabric helps prevent chafing and binding.
Soft fabric prevents hand abrasions.
Soft fabrics are better than stiff ones.
Soft fabrics have less of a fan-like appearance on the ends than fabrics with more body .
Soft fats spread better, so more tenderizing.
Soft ferrite is now an important material for various electronic components.
Soft ferrites are the most effective when they have a large flux swing and low coercivity.
Soft finish represents threshold levels of residual sweetness.
Soft fists insist on Heaving the needles, The leafy bedding, Even the paving.
Soft flakes settle on bare branches outside, Winter stars sparkle above in the sky.
Soft fleshy fruit contains seeds.
Soft flour tortillas with charcoal broiled meats or vegetables and salsa.
Soft foam can add pressure.
Soft foam needs a stiffener or it can create pressure points.
Soft focus begins with a relaxation of the mind and visual field.
Soft focus has it's advantages in art, just as clarity does.
Soft focus is so easy to do.
Soft fonts are typefaces that are stored on cartridge or disk and loaded as needed on the printers.
Soft foods are usually better tolerated.
Soft foods help by reducing the strain on the jaw thereby making chewing easier.
Soft footing takes more energy than firm footing, with deep sand and mud the most tiring of all.
Soft footsteps echo across the wooden floor, then a dull thud sounds from across the room.
Soft fruit appear less likely to crack.
Soft fruit contains seeds.
Soft fruit have a very short shelf life.
Soft fruit tend to have an over ripe appearance.
Most soft fruit contains seeds.
Soft furnishings heighten the comfort and banish winter chills.
Soft gel keeps cold in freezer or refrigerator.
Soft gels are the easiest method to take lecithin.
Soft gels cause more oxygen to reach the content, which makes the oil more prone to rancidity.
All soft goods are black velour.
Soft greens adorns the painted flowers.
Soft grip handle for pick up from any side.
Soft grip handle pad reduces pressure points and provides a hand conforming.
Soft grip handle pad reduces pressure points and provides a non-slip surface.
Soft ground is therefore very unsuitable for an arch.
Soft growth is fragile and more easily damaged in transit.
Soft growth is pinched back in spring to increase density.
Soft hackle is preferred.
Soft hair lies against the skin and keeps the deer warm in the snow.
Soft halters have color coordinated nylon leads.
Soft hand grips.
Soft hands are a fab asset.
Soft hands are hands that contain at least one Ace.
Soft hands make soft horses and hard hands make hard horses.
Soft hands make soft horses, hard hands make hard horses.
Soft hands turn it into a soothing healing heat.
Soft handles add a final touch.
Soft handles lend a springboard effect for comfortable catches.
Soft handoff is provided, since the cells use the same channels.
Soft hearts lose.
Soft illustrations portray the diversity of children while a strong rhyme draws listeners in.
Soft inner tissue is surrounded by layers.
Soft insect slaps, a child's protest punctuate half-sleep.
Soft iron is used as a core in electromagnets.
Soft issues are the major stumbling block.
Soft jazz adds background to a dining room quieted down after a lively day.
Soft jazz plays on the sound system.
Soft jazz plays on the stereo.
Soft jazz plays unobtrusively in the background.
Soft jobs evaporate, real estate goes soft.
Soft keys are objects on the display screen that represent the function keys on the keyboard.
Soft keys permit accurate and fast counting with decreased hand fatigue.
Soft lambskin makes for a durable and beautiful garment.
Soft layers erode faster than hard layers.
Soft layers tend to form slopes and harder layers form cliffs.
Soft lead is required for ALL divers.
Soft lead tends to dampen the ability to feel the bottom and detect fish strikes.
Soft leads take a more subtle approach to presenting details or information.
Soft leaves are good.
Soft leather covers all seats and front buckets add heat elements plus power controls.
Soft leather covers with gilt title and paper edges and marble paper end sheets.
Soft leather covers.
Most soft leaves have no stomates in the upper epidermis.
Soft lens Made of gel-like plastic, soft contact lenses contain varying amounts of water.
Soft lenses are available in a variety of wearing styles.
Soft lenses are often better, but still be careful of loss.
Soft lenses have the additional disadvantage of being attacked by organic solvents.
Soft lenses offer greater wearing comfort, especially in the early stages.
Soft lenses require a daily as well as a weekly cleaning.
Soft lenses require a shorter adaptation period and are well suited for occasional use.
Soft lenses require careful attention to cleaning, rinsing and disinfection.
Soft lenses require careful attention to cleaning, rinsing and disinfections.
Soft lenses absorb chemicals from the water.
Soft lenses are brittle when dry and break easily.
Soft lenses are more expensive than gas permeable lenses.
Soft lenses are particularly suitable for sports, as they are difficult to accidentally dislodge.
Soft lenses are suitable for correcting most refractive errors.
Soft lenses are very delicate and tear easily.
Soft lenses can correct many vision problems.
Soft lenses can dry out in winds and dry areas.
Soft lenses have to be washed daily, sterilized and the protein build-up removed on a regular basis.
Soft lenses offer comfort and good vision for most people.
Soft lenses retain organic vapors long after exposure.
Soft lenses tend to trap vapors which can irritate the eye.
Some soft lenses do absorb organic vapors and corrosive vapors like hydrogen chloride or ammonia.
Soft light bathes the landscape in a warm morning glow.
Soft light envelopes the film.
Soft light is most comfortable and inductive to conversation and good dining.
Soft light is the opposite and comes from a reflected source or a broad source.
Soft light makes skin imperfections and facial shadows less noticeable.
Soft light spills from golden wall lamps, giving the space a well-lit look without being harsh.
Soft light works like overlay with less intensity while Hard light is more intense.
Soft lights illuminate the bubbles and two swimming fish in the aquarium.
Soft lighting can come from a diffuse light source such as a window or just indirect ambient light.
Soft lighting illuminates the pink walls.
Soft lighting is available for the evenings.
Soft lighting is integrated with the standard remote illuminated entry system.
Soft lighting shines on a stately oak bar crowned by a dried flower topiary.
Soft lighting using a small lamp with a colored bulb can evoke dreamy and seductive qualities.
Soft lines offer the consumer jewelry, shoes and clothing.
Soft links are distinguishable from files, and can span across file systems.
Soft links can reduce damage to the slider grommets and extend the life span of suspension lines.
Soft links report only if they are different.
Soft links work differently.
Soft lithography allows complex nanoscale structures to be formed, even on curved surfaces.
Soft lockers provide private storage for all crew members.
Soft loft feel with new chef's kitchen and fantastic accents.
Soft luggage can fit in the front spare tire compartment.
Soft luggage is desirable and easiest to transport.
Soft luggage is preferred.
Soft luggage is requested.
Soft lustre bathes the range of urns On every slanting terrace-lawn.
Soft maple is available on wet sites as far south as Collier County.
Soft maples grow quickly.
Soft margarine is readily spreadable even at refrigerated temperatures.
Soft margarines packaged in tubs have lower levels of trans fats than the harder, stick margarines.
Soft mast consists of fleshy seed such as cherries, crabappples and hawthorns.
Soft mast is an important source of food for many wildlife species during the summer.
Soft mast is fleshy fruit such as blueberries, black cherries, and apples.
Soft mast is the seeds, catkins, and berries produced by plants.
Soft masts includes the fleshy fruits of black cherry, dogwood, and serviceberry, etc.
Most soft mast looks promising.
Soft mats are superior to hard mats in removing charges.
Soft mats provide safety and comfort when performing grappling and tumbling techniques.
Some soft materials cover antlers.
Some soft materials have high permeability.
Some soft materials have permeability.
Soft matrices are inappropropriate for searches with short motifs.
Soft matter lacks translational and rotational invariance but rather possesses scale invariance.
Soft measures are customers' feelings and opinions.
Soft mercy marks the human from thc beast.
Soft minds do.
Soft mode provides lower damping levels, which gives a cushier ride at lower speeds.
Soft modems are the newest type of modem to come onto the PC market.
Soft modems have some real benefits in small devices, such as laptop and hand held computers.
Soft modems rely heavily on the computer's processor to do a lot of the modem's functions.
Soft molt is when a canary constantly sheds feathers all year round.
Soft money allows corporations, unions and individuals to get around contribution limits.
Soft money allows foreign and unwanted influences to control election funds without limits.
Soft money allows unlimited contributions to political parties.
Soft money allows wealthy individuals and rich interests to give too much. . . .
Soft money are funds with sources other than state appropriations.
Soft money begins to matter only after the party nominee is known.
Soft money buys political influence, something a media company wants as much as anybody.
Soft money can help challengers compete with incumbents.
Soft money comes with fewer strings attached than hard money.
Soft money consists of unregulated political contributions to parties.
Soft money corrupts our representatives and our institutions.
Soft money encourages participation of the entire electorate.
Soft money includes labor money.
Soft money is a bipartisan addiction.
Soft money is a contribution made to political parties.
Soft money is a counterfeit issue.
Soft money is a huge loophole used by special interests to get around campaign finance regulations.
Soft money is a legal term for campaign contributions that are exempt from important restrictions.
Soft money is a loophole for big-dollar contributors to donate unlimited amounts of funding.
Soft money is a scandal.
Soft money is always to the benefit of the incumbent.
Soft money is better and more accurately called non-federal money.
Soft money is big money.
Soft money is completely out of control.
Soft money is considered a major loophole in a very loophole-ridden federal campaign finance law.
Soft money is corporate and union money given indirectly, through the parties.
Soft money is defined as dollars given to the party as a whole or for promotion of an issue.
Soft money is defined as funds contributed to a political party instead of to a specific candidate.
Soft money is described as any funds provided by groups outside a candidate's campaign committee.
Soft money is easier for the party committees to raise but harder to spend.
Soft money is for change - for doing better.
Soft money is for devising ways to get better results with hard money after the grant period.
Soft money is illegal for campaigns to accept directly.
Soft money is important in a campaign because it's easy to raise.
Soft money is insecure funding, usually available for a year or less.
Soft money is large, unlimited, unregulated donations to political parties and PACs.
Soft money is legal.
Soft money is money that is raised outside a campaign by groups that support a particular candidate.
Soft money is nothing but a slush fund.
Soft money is only good for one year, journals are every year.
Soft money is only one.
Soft money is political contributions.
Soft money is political donation
Soft money is raised by national parties and spent on behalf of their candidates.
Soft money is raised by special interested groups, such as political parties.
Soft money is raised under various exceptions and loopholes in the campaign finance laws.
Soft money is supposed to build support for parties rather than assist specific candidates.
Soft money is the biggest loophole in the campaign laws.
Soft money is the gaping loophole in the Watergate era campaign election laws.
Soft money is the latest fad, and involves dollars groups spend for issue advocacy.
Soft money is the loophole of all loopholes.
Soft money is the monster devouring our political system.
Soft money is the most corrupt money in the current campaign finance system.
Soft money is the most dangerous money in American politics today.
Soft money is the name given to unlimited, unregulated contributions for party-building efforts.
Soft money is the other way around.
Soft money is the oxymoron of the decade.
Soft money is the primary source of big money in politics.
Soft money is the principle cause of political corruption and voter apathy in America.
Soft money is the term for unlimited donations to political parties.
Soft money is the unlimited, unregulated contributions to political parties by special interests.
Soft money is the unlimited, unregulated donation to political parties.
Soft money is the unlimited, unregulated money that has no business influencing politics.
Soft money is the unregulated money from corporations, unions, and rich people.
Soft money is unregulated donations to political committees as opposed to candidates.
Soft money is unregulated funds that unions, corporations and individuals can donate to parties.
Soft money is unrestricted contributions to political parties.
Soft money is used largely to skirt the stricter limits on donations to individual candidates.
Soft money is where the real campaign is fought.
Soft money is, as everyone knows, the root of all evil.
Soft money makes government a soft touch.
Soft money makes up a relatively small proportion of money in politics.
Soft money needs to be completely eliminated.
Soft money ought to be banned.
Soft money ought to be eliminated, or at least capped.
Soft money ought to go.
Soft money raises at least the perception of undue influence on elections and candidates.
Soft money refers to largely unregulated donations to candidates.
Soft money refers to the large, federally unregulated contributions made to political parties.
Soft money refers to the unlimited, unregulated amounts which can be given to the political parties.
Soft money refers to unlimited funds collected by political parties.
Soft money represents unlimited and largely unregulated campaign donations to the party committees.
Soft money violates the intent of the Federal Election Campaign Act.
Soft money wins again .
Soft motion is acquired with precise balancing.
Soft motion is characterized by the absence of proprietary hardware or motion control boards.
Soft mud is called gooey.
Soft music fills the air as the bright sunlight pours in through the windows.
Soft music fills the foyer.
Soft music fills the room.
Soft music helps ease the transition into a new place.
Soft music is desirable.
Soft music is more desirable.
Soft music is played and aromatherapy permeates the atmosphere.
Soft music is played.
Soft music is used to create a relaxing atmosphere.
Soft music is used to enhance the massage experience.
Soft music plays for the dogs' enjoyment and various animal videos play for the cats.
Soft music plays in the background to add the finishing touch.
Soft music plays in the background.
Soft music plays on hidden speakers and air plants dangle from hanging baskets.
Soft music plays on the bus's loudspeaker system.
Soft music plays throughout the bus, setting the mood for a quiet afternoon.
Soft music plays throughout the video and parents spontaneously sing nursery rhymes while stroking.
Soft music plays, the scent of the tree and holiday baking please the hungry soul.
Soft music plays.
Soft negotiators approach negotiation as a path to agreement.
Soft neoprene helps to maintain strap tension while preventing tools from shifting in the fenderbag.
Soft news is essentially analysis.
Soft news is important, it recaptures the viewers attention.
Soft news is news
Soft news is news.
Soft news refers to the news that ends a newscast.
Soft nodules appear on the ears, nose, and cheeks and sometimes break down into discharging sores.
Soft noodles are also ideal for stuffed pasta recipes like manicotti and ravioli.
Soft nose can induce premature softening of the mango's nose.
Soft oak joins in on the interesting finish, which shows some peppery notes as well.
Soft ones appear between the toes because of unusual pressure and sweat.
Soft pads clutch both fine and rounded surfaces snugly.
Soft pads protect floors, tables, and countertops.
Soft paintings illustrate each short verse that describe the twelve months of the year.
A soft palate is a flap
Soft palate ends in the uvula .
Soft paper is better than chamois skin.
Soft parts are more likely to decay than hard parts.
Soft parts decay.
Every soft part is probed, indented, or stepped on by fellow travelers.
Soft partitions provide the flexibility to effectively utilize high-capacity storage devices.
Soft passions merge from a heart to a heart Blending with the eloquence of the unspoken word.
Soft pastel comes closest to painting with pure pigment.
Soft pastels adorn the lobby and overstuffed furniture suggests a laid-back setting.
Soft pastels are a crumbly, particulate medium.
Soft pastels have minimal binding agents and contain proportionately more pigment than hard pastels.
Soft pasture is also relatively clean and comfortable for cattle to lie on.
Soft pathways offer quiet nature walks and relaxed reflection in a peaceful forest atmosphere.
Soft Paws are an excellent alternative to declawing.
Soft Paws are completely safe, painless and non-toxic.
Soft Paws are easy to apply.
Soft Paws are extremely safe and non-toxic.
Soft Paws are soft, vinyl nail caps that are applied to cats' newly trimmed nails.
Soft Paws can be quite a surprise for an unsuspecting veterinarian.
Soft Paws come in a kit and are easy to apply.
Soft Paws nail caps for cats are an effective, safe and humane alternative to declawing.
Soft Paws vinyl nail caps for cats.
Soft peaks refers to peaks that curl over slightly at the tip when the beater is lifted.
Soft pencils write better on damp paper than pens do.
Soft phones use a computer's network connection, sound card, and a microphone-speaker setup.
Soft pink impatiens or petunias flatter stern gray-stone walls.
Soft pitch seems to behave much better.
Soft plaque is more likely to rupture than hard, stable plaque, the researchers say.
Most soft plaques contain minimal collagen and elastin.
Soft plastic enables it to stick to the chains better.
Soft plastics are also a favorite used on jigs and with out.
Soft plastics continue to fool bass in flooded areas and off rock piles.
Soft plastics offer a realistic substitute for the use of bait.
Soft plastics present a greater hazard than hard plastics do.
Some soft plastic is formulated to either sink or float.
Soft porcelain is fired at lower temperatures and is therefore cheaper to manufacture.
Soft porn whets the appetite and curiosity for harder porn.
Soft pottage softens the coat of our stomachs.
Soft power depends largely on the persuasiveness of information.
Soft power is the ability to achieve goals through attraction rather than coercion.
Soft prescriptions tend to be wrong on the small scale too.
A soft pretzel is a pretzel
Soft pretzels are both low in fat and delicious.
Soft pretzels are pretzels.
Soft pricing is only part of the performance challenge.
Soft profile accentuates hop characteristics.
Soft prototypes are the computer-generated renderings of a design.
Soft pubescence is often present.
Soft Reality can create the specialized components necessary to share data among systems.
Soft Reality is a network graphics consulting company.
SOFT records list many older living children.
Soft reserves has homework, midterm and quiz answers.
Soft reset is done on a per-neighbor basis.
Soft reset is required.
Soft rings are easy for baby to stack.
Soft rings make it easy for baby to grasp and stack.
Soft rock favorites.
Soft rock is an oxymoron.
Soft rock is the kind of muic they play.
Soft rocks are good for some colors.
Soft rocks are rocks.
Soft roll is roll
Soft rolls are a nice accompaniment.
Soft rope makes a nice handle.
A soft rot is a plant disease
Soft rot can affect tubers while in storage or in the soil before harvest.
Soft rot can cause extensive damage to potatoes in storage within a few hours.
Soft rot causes the rhizomes to become mushy and have a disagreeable odor.
Soft rot has no odor.
Soft rot is a severe problem in storage and transit as well as in the field.
Soft rot is caused by bacteria that break tubers down in a soft, slimy, stinking decay.
Soft rot is especially common during rooting of cuttings.
Soft rot is most serious in wet, heavy soils.
Soft rot is prevented by planting healthy rhizomes and eliminating the iris borers.
Soft rot is the most common storage rot.
Soft rot occurs as a slimy rot of the tuber without the dark color.
Soft rots are plant diseases.
Soft rots can potentially affect all crops.
Soft rots occur mostly in moisture-saturated angiosperm wood products.
Soft rubber blades, wide grip.
Soft rubber handle is easy to grip and reloads are a snap.
A soft rush is a rush
Soft rush has a lateral inflorescence that appears to erupt from the side of the stem.
Soft rush has no leaves .
Soft rush occurs in shallow marshes, inland fresh meadows, borders of bogs and along shores.
Soft rustle spreads itself like slow rust.
Soft sand can cause flip-overs on landing or too much drag for takeoff.
Soft sand causes a surprising amount of resistance.
Soft sand covers gentle slope, and limpid water makes mild tide.
Soft sand is an aid to workability and can contribute significantly to the final colour.
A soft scale is a scale insect
Soft scales are difficult to control.
Soft scales are generally larger than the mealy bugs and the bodies of the nymphs are soft.
Soft scales are scale insects.
Soft scales feed primarily on the woody parts of the host.
Soft scales have a cottony or feltlike deposit on the backs but no free covering.
Soft scales infest many deciduous woody plants and some conifers.
Soft scales molt twice before they reach maturity.
Soft scales produce honeydew, But hard scales find it impossible to do.
Soft scales retain their legs and antennae throughout adult life.
Soft scales tend to be larger than armored scales.
Soft scales vary widely in color, size, and shape.
Many soft scales are hemispherical and dark.
Some soft scales require one year to reach maturity.
Soft schedule leaves no room for error.
Soft scheduling is based solely on instructor availability and student availability.
Soft science is any of the social sciences , including history , and political science .
Soft science is any of the social sciences, including history, and political science.
Soft sciences are harder than hard sciences.
Soft sea breezes waft over the walls, cooling the intense morning sun.
Soft sea sounds.
Soft security is especially attractive in open settings, and motivates our approach.
Soft security permits anything as long as it is good behaving.
Soft sediment folds in Quaternary sediments, southern California.
Soft seed germinates within two days while hard seed germinates in about a week.
A soft sell is an advertising
Soft sell is key.
Soft sell is the key.
Soft shadow edges, blurry reflection, and translucency.
Soft shadows require memory to create a shadow map.
Soft shapes are pleasing to little hands, and the fabric box is easy for baby to handle.
Soft shells indicate metabolic bone disease.
Soft shoe dancing, or light dancing, consists of reels, single jigs, and slip jigs.
Soft shoe is very similar to ballet in nature and extremely athletic as well.
Soft shoes are requisite.
Soft shoes are tap dancing.
Soft shoes tend to feel stiff and move on their own when new.
Soft sighs call only for stillness.
Soft skis conform to the snow's surface, but lack durability.
Soft skills are often just as important as the quantifiable ones.
Soft skills are skills relating to people issues.
Soft skills are the building blocks of technology usage.
Soft skills are the ones found to be most lacking.
Soft skills have a direct impact on productivity and retention.
Soft skills involve behavior, attitudes, and communication styles.
Soft skills range from search strategies and note taking skills to manipulating graphics.
Soft skin is such a luxury.
Some soft skin contains glands.
Soft sleepers are four bed compartments with nice sheets and generally good comfort.
Soft snags have virtually no commercial value.
Soft snores crawl like whispers downstairs.
Soft snow becomes cruel and splintery.
Soft snow is definitely better for riding and the sport seems more mellow.
Soft snow is packed into the cracks to keep out the wind.
Soft soccer is available for boys and girls in pre-kindergarten through first grade.
Soft soil makes for easy gardening.
Soft soils amplify ground shaking.
Soft soils tend to overlie stiffer soils and bedrock.
Soft soles have comfortable cushion insoles.
Soft solder is especially subject to the effects of saliva acids.
Soft solder is fine.
Soft solder is solder
Soft sole gives excellent grab and sensitivity on very steep rock and plastic.
Soft soul chimes intermingled with shimmering mandalas in unquestioning agreement.
Soft sounds are at the top of the graph and loud sounds at the bottom.
Soft spikes are available in the clubhouse for a fee.
Soft spikes are comfortable, and help reduce the spike marks around the cups.
Soft spikes are mandatory on all golf shoes, tennis shoes are acceptable.
Soft spikes are mandatory.
Soft spikes are now a requirement of many golf courses in Spain.
Soft spikes are preferred.
Soft spikes are the future of golf.
Soft spikes can sometimes make it slippery to walk.
Soft spikes footwear only.
Every soft spike offers the maximum comfort and stability.
Soft sponges are made of spongin, which are flexible fibers of protein.
A soft spot is weakness
Soft spots are affection.
Soft spots are easy to detect and can be a warning that harmful fungi exist.
Soft spots are the first sign of quality loss.
Soft spots mean big trouble and a very expensive repair.
Soft spots underlain by mud can trap vehicles venturing off the safe areas.
Some soft spots persist, but the market inches upward on a positive report about e-commerce sales.
Soft spreads are lower than hard margarines in trans-fatty acids.
Soft squeegees are more adaptable and transmit less force than hard ones.
Soft stainless is often good.
Soft state consists of information that, if lost, can be reconstructed from existing hard state.
Most soft state is maintained on only one node at a given instant.
Soft stools are key for normal, daily elimination.
Soft stools pass more easily than hard ones.
Soft strings play the melody the first time.
Soft stuff rises to stiff challenge A smattering of soft blobs can stiffen a stiff material.
Soft styles redirect energy whereas hard styles emanate energy.
Soft substrate is best such as fine gravel or sand.
All soft suits have some hard parts, some even have hard joint bearings.
Soft sunlight bathes the landscape in rich oil painting colours.
Soft sunlight filters through the cathedral trees, brightening the meadow on the opposite bank.
Soft surfaces absorb it.
Soft surfaces are best.
Soft surfaces are unsafe for babies even if they are placed on their backs.
Soft swells yield to manual pressure, but no impression can be made manually on hard swells.
Soft switches provide functions such as call control and routing.
Soft tannins are present but nearly concealed by the forward fruit.
Soft tannins coat the mouth.
Soft tannins flood the mouth, making one suddenly yearn for a grilled lamb chop.
Soft tannins make it ready to drink now and over the next couple of years.
Soft tannins predominate and make the wine approachable now or in the next year or two.
Soft tannins suggest ageworthiness.
Soft tannins support a smooth, elegant, lingering finish.
Soft tannins turn a bit astringent in a long raspberry and bitter-chocolate finish.
Soft tape binding is acceptable at minimal cost.
Soft targets are easy targets.
Soft technologies are processes, approaches, sets of rules and models of organization.
Soft temper is easier to bend.
Soft tennis is different from regulation tennis .
Soft tennis is different from regulation tennis.
Soft tennis is popular in Japan .
Soft tennis is popular in Japan.
Soft tennis uses a softer, rubber ball but is otherwise similar to regular tennis.
Soft term lose customers.
Soft terry feel fabric with buttons down the back.
Soft testicles indicate degeneration of tissue and poor semen quality.
Soft textures absorb sound.
Soft things are easy to melt.
A soft tick is a tick
Soft ticks are ticks.
Soft ticks are usually larger and colored a more uniform blueish gray.
Soft ticks can engorge several times their own body weight.
Soft ticks have a body which cover their entire head.
Soft ticks lack a scutum, are soft-bodied, and have mouthparts visible from below.
Some soft ticks pass through up to seven nymphal molts before they become adults.
Soft ties attach to crib or changing table.
Soft tissue can be as informative as hard.
Soft tissue changes including ingrown toenails, dry skin, and hair loss.
Soft tissue connects bones.
Soft tissue disappears over time.
Soft tissue goes first, then ligaments.
Soft tissue includes muscles, skin and connective tissue, tendon, ligaments and membranes.
Soft tissue includes muscles, skin and connective tissue, tendons, ligaments and membranes.
Soft tissue is basically every part of the body except the bone structure.
Soft tissue is radiolucent to some extent.
Soft tissue is surrounded by layers.
Soft tissue is the actual connective tissue of an organism, such as muscles, fat, and blood.
Soft tissue is used to repair tendon and ligament damage.
Soft tissue refers to the soft connective or supporting tissues, such as muscle.
Soft tissue restraints to lateral patellar translation in the human knee.
Soft tissue sarcomas in childhood.
Soft tissue sarcomas No time requirement.
Soft tissue sarcomas, particularly some types of rhabdomyosarcomas, also occur in children.
Soft tissue stretching can bring about significant changes in joint mobility.
Soft tissue surrounds airways.
Soft tissue surrounds bones and joints, such as ligaments, tendons, or muscles.
Soft tissue surrounds upper airways.
Soft tissue swelling is seen as well as a marked periosteal reaction.
Soft tissue swelling traps the plaque in the pocket.
Soft tissue syndactyly of all fingers.
Soft tissue treatments for edema, wounds, burns, and peripheral vascular disease.
Soft tissue tumours.
Soft tissue webbing sometimes occurs over the ventral aspects of the flexed joints.
Soft tissues are the supporting structures of the body.
Soft tissues become progressively stiffer and inflexible as fibrotic infiltration ensues.
Soft tissues connect, support, and surround other body parts and organs.
Soft tissues contain actin, elastin, collagens and mucopolysacharides.
Soft tissues have variable appearances based on the pulse sequences chosen.
Soft tissues heal with scar tissue and cause future pain and suffering.
Soft tissues lose their ability to stretch.
Soft tissues refer primarily to the muscles, tendons, ligaments and bursae.
Soft tissues refers to muscles, tendons, ligaments, fascia and nerves.
Most soft tissue is surrounded by layers.
Most soft tissue surrounds airways.
Most soft tissue surrounds upper airways.
Some soft tissue fills bone cavities.
Some soft tissue fills cavities.
Some soft tissue surrounds epiglottises.
Soft tofu is a good choice for recipes that call for blended tofu or in Oriental soups.
Soft tofu is a good choice for recipes that use blended tofu or silken tofu.
Soft tofu is good for recipes that call for blended tofu.
Soft tofu is good for use in recipes that use blended tofu, or soups.
Soft tofu is good in recipes calling for blended tofu.
Soft tofu is great for dips, salad dressings, sauces, shakes and cheesecake.
Soft tones foreground, crashes and bangs back.
Soft top is white, with all black vinyl interior.
Soft top looks new.
Soft toss is a good drill.
Soft touch handle.
Soft touch is a victim
Soft toys are anti-allergic and non toxic.
Soft Toys are great for indoor games.
Soft training emphasizes a relaxed body rather than a tense one.
Soft training focuses on teaching deeper and deeper levels of relaxation.
Soft treads protect floors and pass over floor obstrucions more easily.
Soft treats range from very firm to squishy.
Soft tubes help to cushion the ride.
Soft tulle is used for veils and trains.
Soft tulle remains a big favorite but is now being worn all year round.
Some soft tumors can be more easily removed than very fin-n hard tumors.
Some soft tumors can be more easily removed than very firm, hard tumors.
Soft undercoat becomes clothing.
Soft value is articulated using descriptive words and or phrases.
Soft variants deliver softer stretch and good runnability.
Soft velvets can combine well with light cottons and nubby woolens alike.
Soft video encoding targets real-time speeds.
Soft View is the most durable interior window covering at any price.
Soft vinyl handle provides good grip.
Soft vinyl is quiet on kitchen and hardwood floors.
Soft vinyl saddle adjusts for different bow limbs.
Soft vision is a way of looking at the world without straining the eyes.
Soft vowels palatalize certain following consonants.
Soft walls are the answer.
Soft walls are transparent, anti-static material with physical flexibility characteristics.
Soft walls provide the flexibility which is unattainable with conventional cleanrooms.
Soft water appears better .
Soft water appears better.
Soft water can be touchy at low pH ranges, so be careful.
Soft water can cause corrosion in pipes.
Soft water can make all coffee taste dull, effectively muting the good bright flavors in a cup.
Soft water constitutes the remainder of the formulation.
Soft water dissolves appreciable amounts of lead, which is poisonous.
Soft water flows from deep in the earth and contains sodium.
Soft water has fewer minerals than hard water.
Soft water has less insoluble ions than does hard water.
Soft water helps soap lather better and leaves less of a ring on the bathtub.
Soft water increases the saline content.
Soft water is best for diluting to the proper strength.
Soft water is best for pickling.
Soft water is easy to make lather with soap.
Soft water is essentially free of dissolved calcium or magnesium.
Soft water is gentle, beautifying, enriching.
Soft water is good for bubbles.
Soft water is good for laundry and shampooing.
Soft water is satisfactory for most aquarium fish.
Soft water is water
Soft water is water.
Soft water makes dishes and glassware shine - hard water spots are eliminated.
Soft water makes rinsing out shampoo a challenge, and can leave hair limp and dull.
Soft water requires less soap or detergent than hard water.
Soft water wears away hard rock, if it persists.
Soft water weekens the gluten during mixing and fermentation.
Soft waves last only a few months but are best for fragile and double processed hair.
Soft wax is used to seal the hole, and it is also used to seal the log ends during dry seasons.
Soft wheat contains less gluten and more starch and water than hard wheat.
Soft wheat grows in the South and is ideal for any non-yeast recipe.
Soft wheat is a shoe-in, hard wheat a possibility.
Soft wheat is higher in protein and about the same as corn in energy.
Soft wheat is made into 'cake flour' and has a lower protein content.
Soft wheat is wheat
Soft wheat is wheat.
Soft wheats are ideal for products such as cookies and crackers.
Soft wheats produce an array of crackers, cookies, cereals, cakes, pancakes, breading and pastries.
Soft wheats tend to have lower water absorbing capacity than hard wheats.
Soft wheels have a more comfortable ride, grip the surface better but tend to wear out sooner.
Soft wheels offer a smoother, more comfortable ride on rough ground.
Soft wheels offer higher traction and the smoothest ride.
Soft wheels protect wood floors.
Soft wheels provide a more comfortable ride.
Soft wheels provide traction and prevent sliding.
All soft wheels are non-marking.
Soft whimpers blend in best.
Soft whispers penetrate the soul.
Soft wood is the main type of lumber used in homes, decks, and fences.
Soft woods are more likely to warp or split.
Soft woods require less power, hard woods more.
Soft woods tend to burn when edge pressure is too high.
Soft woods work well for kindling and to make a quick hot fire.
Soft words ensure harmony.
Soft words win hard hearts.
Soft yarn is fine.
