Crystal Lake is also steep-walled.
Crystal Lake is approximately three miles long and about one mile in width.
Crystal Lake is known for it's natural beauty and abundant population of trout.
Crystal Lake is like finding a gold nugget.
Crystal Lake is oligotrophic and little production of food occurs in the upper waters.
Crystal Lake is one of the clearest lakes the world with sugar sand beaches.
Crystal Lake is the largest lake in the county and is dotted with many cottages.
Crystal lakes lie calmly at the feet of raw and mighty rockface, untamed after millions of years.
Crystal malt plays a prominent role in some examples.
Crystal mass is estimated from use of the mass dimension relation cited in the above reference.
Crystal meth is a trap.
Crystal meth is so lucrative.
Crystal meth is usually in powder form and can be in varying levels of purity.
Crystal meth is very addictive, leading to repeat offenders.
Crystal methamphetamine is the drug of choice among Philippines drug users.
Crystal model has to be varied as much as necessary to test as many models as applicable.
A crystal oscillator is an oscillator
Crystal oscillators are low cost and provide excellent stability.
Crystal oscillators are one of the fundamental building blocks of electronic systems.
Crystal oscillators are oscillators.
Crystal oscillators drift over time.
Crystal oscillators provide a simple solution for precise, stable, and calibration-free clocks.
Crystal Park has a new parking area with picnic tables and toilets.
Crystal Park is open for day use.
Crystal physics is based on physics, crystallography and mathematics.
Crystal radios are simple devices.
Crystal radios are solid state technology.
Crystal radios make for very good science fair projects.
Crystal River introduces a new line of chest waders and hip boots.
Crystal River is a hard driving traditional bluegrass band based in Orange, California.
Crystal River is a two-hour drive north of Tampa.
Crystal River is a world traveled poet and photographer.
Crystal River is financially secure, no question about it.
Crystal River is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Crystal River is one of the better places in the state to spot manatees.
Crystal River offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Crystal River offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Crystal salt has properties.
Most crystal salt has properties.
A crystal set is a radio
Crystal sets are a great tool for teaching, and a superb hobby.
Crystal sets are a great tool for teaching, and they are a superb hobby.
Crystal sets are radio receivers.
Crystal sets provide a step-wise introduction to electronics.
Crystal space is an open source internet project.
Crystal spheres move across the moonlit landscape like floating clouds.
Crystal structure affects mineral properties more than their chemical nature.
Crystal structure changes to accommodate the larger atoms.
Crystal structure depends on the conditions under which the mineral forms.
Crystal structures show evidence.
Crystal structures show little evidence.
Most crystal structures show evidence.
Most crystal structures show little evidence.
Some crystal structures affect physical properties.
Some crystal structures affect properties.
Some crystal structures are fcc, bcc, hcp and diamond.
Crystal twins are common.
Crystal water covers everything in blue.
Crystal acts as an oscillator, magnifying and transmitting pure tone.
Crystal acts as an ossilator, magnifying and transmitting pure tone.
Crystal are cubic.
Crystal are life forms and have a lot to say and share, they are communication devices.
Crystal are monoclinic.
Crystal are orthorhombic.
Crystal attends the Stone Mountain congregation.
Crystal begins by looking at the scale of the threat to minority languages.
Crystal binding to renal epithelail cells is increased in response to injury.
Crystal changes one form of energy into another.
Crystal comes together as silent as ink.
Crystal comes with a connectivity suite, which is an extensible framework.
Crystal considers it to be part of the wider field of discourse analysis.
Crystal consists of atoms.
Crystal consults privately to educational organizations.
Crystal controls properties.
Crystal creates leading edge data and text processing solutions and system utilities.
Crystal faces team with record-keepers .
Crystal floods the body with adrenaline-the same hormone that prepares it for emergencies.
Crystal forms the base coated with colored transparent glass red, blue or green.
Crystal glazes needs simple forms with sparse or no decoration.
Crystal goes to a light cranberry and then up to a rich cranberry at top.
Crystal goes with any color or out fit.
Crystal has corners.
Crystal has faces.
Crystal has flat surfaces.
Crystal has molecular structures.
Crystal has periodic structures.
Crystal has physical properties.
Crystal has properties.
Crystal has sharp corners.
Crystal has sides.
Crystal has structures.
Crystal has surfaces.
Crystal has symmetry.
Crystal has uniform physical properties.
Crystal intends to continue to grow rapidly and profitably well into the next century.
Crystal is a solid
Crystal is always a favorite and it lasts a lifetime and beyond.
Crystal is approx.
Crystal is components.
Crystal is everywhere from hats to handbags and everything in between.
Crystal is glassware.
Crystal is in a sixth grade class.
Crystal is in special educational classes and continues to make steady progress.
Crystal is inanimate objects.
Crystal is part of watchs.
Crystal is protective covering.
Crystal is rocks.
Crystal is solids.
Crystal is subtle.
Crystal is well behaved and well adjusted.
Crystal isa matter.
Crystal knows what it means to persevere.
Crystal lattices .
Crystal lives in Kentucky and suffers from brain stem encephalitis.
Crystal lives in Phoenix.
Crystal looks so amazing.
Crystal manages wealth for high net-worth individuals.
Crystal now support hierarchical reporting.
Crystal plans to study public policy and history in college.
Crystal processes commands from the standard input, one per line.
Crystal provides rack system wiring and testing.
Crystal refers to the shape of the crystals that make up the mineral.
Crystal reflects light.
Crystal reflects sunlight.
Crystal remains in foster care until then.
Crystal runs around three minutes.
Crystal sells eggnog in quart, pint and half-gallon containers.
Crystal settling causes low density minerals to sink to the bottom of plutons.
Crystal shares the stage generously and for good reason.
Crystal specimens to cabnet size are for sale.
Crystal stays in the body for about three to five days after use.
Crystal takes pride in giving attention to even the smallest detail.
Crystal uses guide lines and fields snap to the guidelines.
Crystal vases for division winners and sweatshirts for reserve champions.
Crystal vases, brass vases, fluted vases are some of the types of vases used for fresh flowers.
Crystals affect the sugar's texture.
Crystals also come with an aurora borealis finish.
Crystals also form in the ears and other relatively cool tissues.
Crystals also have generally small blotchy inclusions of calcite.
Crystals also occur in elongated , terminated prisms.
Crystals also precipitate as pH changes.
Crystals amplify and access all levels of mind, emotion, spirit, and body.
Crystals appear pure under the microscope.
Crystals are a fascinating subject.
Crystals are a mineral formation which have a unique property.
Crystals are a solid substance that have a geometrically shaped form.
Crystals are a tool and can be like a storage battery of thought energy.
Crystals are acicular or fibrous and form in tufts and encrustations.
Crystals are almost alive, in that they grow by reproducing themselves.
Crystals are already in hand for one novel carotenoid-binding protein.
Crystals are also transmitters of vibrational healing.
Crystals are an alternative method to manage stress.
Crystals are an amazing thing to see.
Crystals are an opportunity to apply math to real life objects.
Crystals are another common cure.
Crystals are attuned to the cycles of the earth and natural infra frequencies.
Crystals are available for evaluation.
Crystals are beautiful and entice positive energies into a home.
Crystals are beautiful things.
Crystals are beautiful wonders of nature.
Crystals are blood red and transparent when held to the light.
Crystals are brittle.
Crystals are commonly brilliant.
Crystals are commonly opaque but can be found translucent.
Crystals are commonly tetrahedral.
Crystals are commonly transparent and colorless.
Crystals are commonly up to an inch across, and sometimes to several inches.
Crystals are dark but rather small.
Crystals are dodecahedrons and trapezohedrons, often with striated surfaces.
Crystals are easy to care for and a joy to own.
Crystals are easy to make and observe with the naked eye, a magnifying glass, or a microscope.
Crystals are fascinating to people.
Crystals are fibrous and found in tufted aggregates.
Crystals are flexible.
Crystals are from cirrus and altostratus clouds.
Crystals are generally opaque but some translucent specimens are known.
Crystals are generally opaque but thin crystals or exceptional specimens can be translucent.
Crystals are generally opaque but thin crystals or splinters can be translucent.
Crystals are generally translucent to opaque.
Crystals are generally translucent, but some specimens are translucent.
Crystals are heavier, bulkier, and larger in ALL dimensions with each size increase.
Crystals are isometric and predominatly octahedral.
Crystals are like that, too.
Crystals are limited to alluvial grains.
Crystals are moderately clear, tinged with iron inclusions.
Crystals are mostly translucent to opaque.
Crystals are natural conductors of energy, Each moving electron produce an energy field.
Crystals are nearly opaque being transparent in thin splinters.
Crystals are nearly opaque in massive forms and translucent in small crystals.
Crystals are nearly opaque.
Crystals are neither good nor bad, only their uses can be.
Crystals are of a plug-in type and easily accessible for additional capability.
Crystals are often triangular in cross-section.
Crystals are opaque to translucent in thin slices or at crystal edges.
Crystals are opaque, translucent in only thin splinters.
Crystals are opaque.
Crystals are orderly arrangements of pure substances.
Crystals are oscillators, meaning that they vibrate when stimulated with electricity.
Crystals are partially hollow in some localities.
Crystals are pleochroic from yellow to colorless.
Crystals are polished and have been kept as natural as possible.
Crystals are present in many pieces indicating changes in chemical elements.
Crystals are prismatic but very rare.
Crystals are prismatic hexagons , and usually occur individually.
Crystals are prismatic or tabular , and are usually twinned .
Crystals are prismatic or tabular when present.
Crystals are prismatic to acicular and brittle.
Crystals are pure forms of chemicals.
Crystals are rare and highly sought after.
Crystals are rare, but when found are in the form of rhombohedrons similar to calcite's crystals.
Crystals are rarer than the massive forms, and so are usually sold as specimens.
Crystals are readily available.
Crystals are real world examples of polyhedra.
Crystals are regular structures.
Crystals are rhombohedral, mostly curved, and commonly tarnished.
Crystals are rigid because of the broken translational symmetry.
Crystals are scarce, more commonly as earthy masses, films or crusts, botryoidal and granular.
Crystals are short and stubby with tilted faces at each end.
Crystals are short prismatic and thick tabular , but are extremely rare.
Crystals are short to long prismatic, vertically striated, occasionally acicular or other habits.
Crystals are similar to desktop windows.
Crystals are solid bodies bounded by smooth surfaces called faces, that meet in definite angles.
Crystals are solid structures that form when liquid minerals are gradually cooled.
Crystals are solids that are made up of molecules arranged in a regular repeated pattern.
Crystals are solids that form by a regular repeated pattern of molecules connecting together.
Crystals are solids that have very specific structures.
Crystals are solids whose atoms form a very regular pattern.
Crystals are square and diamond shaped in between bakelite pieces.
Crystals are strong foci for magical energy.
Crystals are substances in which atoms are arranged in a regular, orderly, repeated pattern.
Crystals are the chief indicator for identification.
Crystals are the hardbounds and first editions.
Crystals are the most famous of natural mineral shapes.
Crystals are thermochromic.
Crystals are tools that augment the flow of energy.
Crystals are translucent to less commonly transparent.
Crystals are translucent to opaque in more massive specimens.
Crystals are translucent to opaque.
Crystals are translucent to slightly transparent.
Crystals are translucent to transparent, some specimens approach opaqueness.
Crystals are translucent to transparent.
Crystals are translucent transparent.
Crystals are translucent with darker specimens being opaque.
Crystals are translucent with some unusual specimens being transparent.
Crystals are translucent.
Crystals are transparent but most commonly translucent.
Crystals are transparent to mostly translucent.
Crystals are transparent to opaque.
Crystals are transparent to translucent .
Crystals are transparent to translucent and sometimes nearly opaque.
Crystals are transparent to translucent if green, opaque if black.
Crystals are transparent to translucent, often milky.
Crystals are transparent to translucent.
Crystals are truly earthstars .
Crystals are uncommon and are usually pointed and nearly acicular in radiating clusters or tufts.
Crystals are uncommon and tabular.
Crystals are usually bipyramids or thick tabular crystals.
Crystals are usually cubic or dodecahedral .
Crystals are usually flat and bladed , and often in compact groupings.
Crystals are usually somewhat smaller than spores.
Crystals are usually translucent but some exceptional specimens are transparent.
Crystals are usually translucent to transparent.
Crystals are usually translucent, massive material is opaque.
Crystals are usually well-shaped octahedrons , and less commonly dodecahedrons .
Crystals are very rare and tiny.
Crystals are very sensitive to temperature and when the PC is off the temperature tends to be lower.
Crystals are very uncommon and are usually distorted.
Crystals attract healing and supportive energy while at the same time repel negative energies.
Crystals become larger and larger and finally fall to the earth as hailstones.
Crystals begin to form in the porous cell walls .
Crystals begin to form in the porous cell walls.
Crystals begin to grow when the samples have completely thawed.
Crystals begin to stick together and slowly add layer upon layer to form a stone.
Crystals blow in from the west.
Crystals break both the continuous translational order and the continuous orientational order.
Crystals can allow one to reach higher spiritual levels during meditation.
Crystals can also be smoky in color from the presence of sodium.
Crystals can also be user-installed.
Crystals can also form if the solution or vapor is cooled or subjected to a decrease in pressure.
Crystals can also help when determining the age of rocks.
Crystals can also implement fifth or greater overtone modes, with similar principles.
Crystals can also make meditation easier, as well as helping generally in stress.
Crystals can be a lot of fun.
Crystals can be quite clear but at times they seem to be cloudy due to the deep color.
Crystals can be similar to hornblende, but are always translucent or even transparent.
Crystals can be simple or complexly modified by a variety of prism and pinacoid faces.
Crystals can be small or large.
Crystals can be transparent but most commonly are just translucent.
Crystals can be transparent to translucent.
Crystals can bounce up and down creating layers of ice in the ice crystal.
Crystals can cause the tongue and throat to swell, preventing breathing.
Crystals can clarify thoughts, channel energy, increase creativity and create emotional balance.
Crystals can enhance even a shaded or northern exposure window.
Crystals can form as a result of undissolved sugar sticking to the sides of the saucepot.
Crystals can form from a solid, liquid, or gas.
Crystals can form from vapors, solutions, or molten materials.
Crystals can form on the jelly as a result of using excess sugar.
Crystals can go from pale blue to sky blue to dark blue to very dark blue-green.
Crystals can grow to a considerable size in relatively stagnant ice.
Crystals can heal, protect, store images and thoughts, rid the body of negative energies, and more.
Crystals can make nice specimens with their light green color and glassy luster.
Crystals cleave into smooth flakes.
Crystals come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Crystals come in different shapes, sizes and types.
Crystals disappear quickly, but when collected give a small energy boost.
Crystals dissolve when vanadate, molybdate and tungstate are added.
Crystals do in time lose their sensitivity as detectors and have to be discarded.
Crystals float, silver sparkles, hand-worked details.
Crystals form and grow into stones.
Crystals form and sink to the bottom of the magma chambers.
Crystals form as their component atoms move closer and closer together.
Crystals form between the faces, further damaging seal face flatness by causing scratches.
Crystals form from the evaporation of a saltwater mixture.
Crystals form from vapors, solutions or molten materials, and are built from repeating units.
Crystals form in rock that is the earth.
Crystals form most quickly on metal components.
Crystals form when minerals bind together.
Crystals form when the liquid rock from inside the earth cool and harden.
Crystals form without any interference from the container, other crystals, or turbulent flows.
Crystals generally have smoot hsides and are arranged inorderly repeating patterns.
Crystals get wider in the growth direction as some crystals 'lose' in the growth competition.
Crystals grow a layer at a time.
Crystals grow and rupture cell walls, similar to poking a hole in a water-filled balloon.
Crystals grow at the interface between the solutions.
Crystals grow deep within the Earth's crust, usually around volcanic and earthquake activity.
Crystals grow from the outside, salt crystals build up from sodium and chloride ions.
Crystals grow from the outside, unlike that of a human being.
Crystals grow from the outside.
Crystals grow into different shapes.
Crystals grow naturall over time, or can be grown in a laboratory.
Crystals grow, and sedimentary rocks form.
Crystals hang from the legs of the wall-mounted bureau.
Crystals have a geometrical arrangement of atoms, which is repeated indefinately.
Crystals have a huge following of metaphysical advocates.
Crystals have a lattice and a basis .
Crystals have a regular geometric shape.
Crystals have a structured geometrical shape.
Crystals have an orderly symmetrical molecular structure.
Crystals have characteristic structures.
Crystals have complex symmetries.
Crystals have different types of symmetry and different kinds of faces.
Crystals have extremely high aspect ratios and thready forms.
Crystals have good color and are clean.
Crystals have magickal characteristics.
Crystals have many different attributes and can be labeled in many different categories.
Crystals have messages of their own.
Crystals have order.
Crystals have other value beyond just being pretty.
Crystals have relatively flat surfaces and conchoidal fracture.
Crystals hold promise for optical circuits.
Crystals hook together to form larger snowflakes.
Crystals is a new age thing.
Crystals is the perfect choice for anyone who wants to be on the cutting edge.
Crystals join together and make what's called a formation.
Crystals keep their same shape as they grow but growth rate slows down as the size increases.
Crystals lay on the floor, crying.
Crystals lend themselves to innovation.
Crystals limit molecular motion, thereby impeding conformational changes.
Crystals love the warm bright sunshine and are recharged by it.
Crystals love to be used.
Crystals merit equal attention.
Crystals now leave corpses.
Crystals occur in the urine as gravel or stones.
Crystals operate through the phenomenon known as piezoelectricity.
Crystals orientate at the water droplet surface and stabilize the water droplet.
Crystals oscillate to a natural healing frequency that is activated by mental energy.
Crystals point the way to sharper targets.
Crystals polarize light.
Crystals possess low-impact strength due to their high level of internal defects.
Crystals precipitate in some of the reservoirs.
Crystals produce amplification of the energy in the 'field' in which they reside.
Crystals provide information about cloud types, temperatures, and heights of clouds.
Crystals raise the vibrational level of the body so that the body draws in more light and color.
Crystals recommends going straight to adding hydrogens.
Crystals reconfigure themselves as pressure or temperature changes.
Crystals reveal much in their patterns, flaws, conductivity, growth, cleavage, refractive index.
Crystals show good tetragonal prismatic form and can have a bright sapphire blue color.
Crystals show optical birefringence under polarized light.
Crystals showing color zoning are also highly collectible.
Crystals shown at right are actual size.
Crystals slouch out of matrix.
Crystals stain red in trichrome-stained fecal smear.
Crystals supply energy.
Crystals tend to be deeply striated parallel to the prominent length.
Crystals tend to be prismatic and are often aggregated together into bundles.
Crystals tend to be striated.
Crystals tend to form in grape juices.
Crystals then build upon each other to form a base, or nidus, on which more cyrstals are deposited.
Crystals typically do change the directions, however, and thus become visible.
Crystals used for manifestation provide a focus for the incoming and outgoing powers.
Crystals vary from transparent to translucent.
Crystals work on body, mind and spirit.
Crystals yield more resources than the normal source.
Crystal always has the best quality available and they are very, very unique.
Crystals frequently form penetration twins , where one cube is intergrown in another.
Crystals frequently form penetration twins, where one cube is intergrown in another.
Crystals frequently twin to form interesting results, such as heart, star, and v-shaped twins.
Crystals often accumulate in joints and cause severe pain with movement.
Crystals often appear as strange and beautiful geometric shapes.
Crystals often form penetration and repeated twins , and are frequently striated .
Crystals often occur in parallel or radiating groups.
Crystals often serve as an object which links the bearer with the unseen force.
Crystals sometimes form as needles that fan out from the rock in which they are embedded.
Crystals usually consist of six-sided hexagonal prisms capped by pyramids on one or both ends.
All crystal is high lead crystal.
All crystals are damage free, unless noted.
All crystals are double-checked for quality before they leave our warehouse.
All crystals are random.
All crystals come with a red silk cord ready for hanging.
All crystals have a definite shape.
All crystals have a sterling silver cap for hanging.
All crystals have smooth, mirror-like surfaces.
Every crystal has a parallel resonant frequency and a series resonant frequency.
Every crystal has many defects in it.
Every crystal is different and they can assume many wonderful variants on the six-sided symmetry.
Every crystal possesses cleavage.
Many crystals are available which are exact multiples of the standard baud rates.
Many crystals are bent or deformed.
Many crystals are pseudomorphs of autunite .
Many crystals are trimmed and only the gem quality interior portions are saved.
Many crystals have, but especially quartz, a property called piezoeletricity.
Many crystals seen in urine are absent in the freshly voided specimen.
Most crystal has corners.
Most crystal has flat surfaces.
Most crystal has molecular structures.
Most crystal has periodic structures.
Most crystal has physical properties.
Most crystal has properties.
Most crystal has sharp corners.
Most crystal has sides.
Most crystal has structures.
Most crystal has surfaces.
Most crystal has uniform physical properties.
Most crystal is milky white at the base and gradually clears to the tip.
Most crystal reflects light.
Most crystal reflects sunlight.
Most crystals also polarize light because of the highly regular arrangement of their atoms.
Most crystals are under an inch across, but they have been found up to more than two inches.
Most crystals contain defects that can strongly affect their optical and electrical properties.
Most crystals form in open spaces in underground rock.
Most crystals have flat areas through which one can look.
Most crystals have veils or inclusions or etching which prevent maximum yield.
Some crystal causes acute inflammation.
Some crystal causes inflammation.
Some crystal contains flaws.
Some crystal contains lead.
Some crystal contains visible flaws.
Some crystal creates electricity.
Some crystal creates volt electricity.
Some crystal falls as rain.
Some crystal falls as snow.
Some crystal fills tubules.
Some crystal finds in sand.
Some crystal has conductivity.
Some crystal has disorder.
Some crystal has electrical conductivity.
Some crystal has low conductivity.
Some crystal has low electrical conductivity.
Some crystal has shapes.
Some crystal has tendencies.
Some crystal has unique shapes.
Some crystal helps energy.
Some crystal helps positive energy.
Some crystal is formed by precipitation.
Some crystal is produced by glands.
Some crystal is produced by growth.
Some crystal leads to activations.
Some crystal reacts to heat.
Some crystals are blocky and cubic, and others form radiating clusters of needles.
Some crystals are equant and pseudohexagonal.
Some crystals are found because of specific medications that the pet is receiving.
Some crystals are magic.
Some crystals are pink at one end and green at the other.
Some crystals arrange themselves in oddly shaped masses of concretions know as kidney ore.
Some crystals can grow to a fairly large size of several feet long and nearly a foot across.
Some crystals contain anthraxolite or decayed plant life.
Some crystals contain chlorite inclusions and phantoms formed by fluid inclusions.
Some crystals contain radioactive thorium and uranium.
Some crystals fall onto the observing window, where they can be photographed.
Some crystals grow to a much bigger size giving granite a speckled appearance.
Some crystals have healing properties.
Some crystals have reaction rims of willemite.
Some crystals have the power to bend or refract light.
Some crystals land on a window at the bottom of the chamber, where they can be measured.
Some crystals possess pyro-electricity.
Some crystals show distinctive cross or X-shaped twins.
Crystalized intelligence is that which is learned.
Crystalline boron exists in many polymorphs.
Crystalline boron is transparent, brittle, a non-conductor, and nearly as hard as diamond.
Crystalline cells consist of silicon-wafers covered by glass or plastics.
Crystalline deposits disappear from the chronic lesions.
Crystalline faults are a major cause of defective semiconductor devices.
All crystalline forms flow together in certain definite ways.
Crystalline frequencies describe the elements and forms of matter.
Crystalline graphite is presently the best candidate material for a skyhook.
Some crystalline ice mixes with organic compounds.
Some crystalline lenses receive light.
Crystalline limestone is called marble.
Crystalline materials demonstrate long range periodic order in three dimensions.
Crystalline materials have properties.
All crystalline materials have defects in their lattices called dislocations.
Many crystalline materials exhibit piezoelectric behavior.
Most crystalline materials have properties.
Some crystalline materials have spaces in the lattice where other atoms can fit.
Crystalline polymers are probably the more common of the two due to their physical properties.
Some crystalline powder looks like crystal.
Crystalline quartz is quartz that occurs in distinct crystals.
Crystalline rocks comprise the bulk of the rocks exposed in shields.
Crystalline silica can cause silicosis and lung fibrosis, if inhaled over a long period.
Crystalline silica causes various lung diseases, including silicosis and lung cancer.
Crystalline silica exists in several forms, the most common of which is quartz.
Crystalline silica is a hazard by inhalation.
Crystalline silica is also a known cause of silicosis, a noncancerous lung disease.
Crystalline silica is also a known human carcinogen.
Crystalline silica is clearly a hazardous chemical.
Crystalline silica is considered a hazard by inhalation.
Crystalline silica is found in materials such as concrete, masonry and rock.
Crystalline silica is found in materials such as sand, concrete, masonry, rock, and mineral ores.
Crystalline silica is the basic component of sand, quartz, and granite rock.
Most crystalline silica comes in the form of quartz.
Crystalline silicon has a metallic grayish color.
Crystalline silicon has a metallic luster and grayish color.
Crystalline silicon has the same structure as diamond.
Crystalline silicon has vibrations which can be classified by wavevector and by branch.
Crystalline silicon is more expensive, than hydrogenated amorphous silicon.
Crystalline solids are a severe eye irritant.
Crystalline solids are anisotropic.
Crystalline solids are three-dimensional analogs of a brick wall.
Crystalline solids have a repeating pattern - a high degree of order.
Many crystalline solids are low dustiness.
Crystalline streams tumble down curtains of green moss.
Crystalline structures have properties.
Most crystalline structures have properties.
Some crystalline structures have different refractive indexes.
Some crystalline structures have indexes.
Some crystalline structures have refractive indexes.
Some crystalline structures reflect light.
Crystalline sulfur is made up of rings, each containing eight sulfur atoms.
Crystalline tellurium has a silvery-white appearance and when it is pure it has a metallic luster.
Crystalline tellurium has a silvery-white appearance, and when pure exhibits a metallic luster.
Crystalline tellurium has a silvery-white appearance, and when pure it exhibits a metallic luster.
Crystalline texture is contrasted with granular texture.
Crystalline work is fairly uncommon, and has an extremely dazzling effect on common pottery.
Crystallisation is a critical step.
Crystallisation is a method used to purify solids.
Crystallisation is a natural phenomenon
Crystallization begins with minerals highest in the reaction series.
Crystallization can be divided into stages - primary nucleation is the first .
Crystallization can be divided into stages - primary nucleation is the first.
Crystallization can be slow, especially on humid days.
Crystallization incorporates L Holland's concepts of differentiation, consistency and adherence.
Crystallization increases residual stress.
Crystallization is a complex process with many interrelated factors.
Crystallization is a naturally occurring process of nature.
Crystallization is a stone
Crystallization is a very common process for materials preparation, characterization and processing.
Crystallization is adaptable to continuous operation and can be concentrated.
Crystallization is construction.
Crystallization is delayed by heating and filtering.
Crystallization is governed by other factors as well.
Crystallization is important in either a positive or negative sense in many products.
Crystallization is inhibited by adding phosphate to the mother liquor.
Crystallization is one of the commonly employed techniques for separating the protein.
Crystallization is that absolute moment, that absolute process.
Crystallization is the critical step in solid form control.
Crystallization is the natural process in which liquid in honey becomes solid.
Crystallization is the process of saturating fruit with sugar.
Crystallization is used to purify a solid.
Crystallization isa phenomenon.
Crystallization leads to simple, very uniform repeating structures, which are inert.
Crystallization occurs by vapor diffusion or liquid-liquid diffusion inside the capillary.
Crystallization takes place so rapidly that the growth of crystals can easily be observed.
Crystallization often indicates that a pure substance has been obtained.
Some crystallization occurs in chambers.
Crystallized fruit is confection
Crystallized fruit is used for decorating the top and sometimes added to the dough.
A crystallized ginger is crystallized fruit
Crystallized ginger is a confection rather than a spice.
Crystallized honey is normally acceptable for mead.
Crystallized intelligence is based on knowledge and previously learned skills and abilities.
Crystallized intelligence is important to psychologists as it relates to the study of aging.
Crystallized intelligence is knowledge based and is particularly affected by our experience in life.
Crystallized intelligence reflects the 'acquired knowledge base' capacities.
Crystallized methamphetamine is a smokable and more powerful form of the drug.
Crystallized proteins allow scientists to learn the molecular structure of proteins.
Crystallized sugar is what makes cookies crisp and crunchy.
A crystallizing is a natural phenomenon
Crystallizing makes growth possible.
A crystallographer is a specialist
Crystallographers are specialists.
Crystallographers are the people who study crystals.
Crystallographers call it the finite-size effect.
Crystallographers do it with groups.
Crystallographers illustrate the molecular packing with regular drawings.
Crystallographers prefer the latter, because it makes the rectangular nature of the pattern clearer.
Crystallographers spend a lot of time trying to produce good crystals.
Crystallographers use a slightly different set of names for certain crystal forms .
Crystallographers always describe the global quality of the model by the R-factor or residual index.
Some crystallographers say the correct native state is with the thumb up.
Crystallographic data is the most freqently used starting point for molecular modelling.
Crystallographic homogeneity is obtained by transfer of methylene groups from cell to cell.
Crystallographic web applets space groups etc.
Crystallography can be a complex and time-consuming effort.
Crystallography concerns the form and internal structure of crystals.
Crystallography is a physics
Crystallography is physics.
Crystallography is well integrated in the swiss scenery of science and research.
Crystallography provides an accurate way to identify potentially therapeutic compounds.
Crystalloid solutions are preferred.
CSAR forces are innately observable when operating by both active and passive means.
CSCE forms are valid for one year from their issue date.
CSEM members have a wide variety of industry links both in Australia and overseas.
CSI numbers are unique support identifiers given to each customer with a current support contract.
CSI operation raisees many moral issues.
Most CSIP assignments occur in Harrisburg.
CSLP licenses have a one-year term.
CSLP students maintain a hallway showcase and two bulletin boards.
CSOS physicians are on the staff and admit patients to several area hospitals.
Csound instruments are similar to patches on a hardware synthesizer.
CSPH researchers are hopeful about untangling the web of factors that cause breast cancer.
CSPS members specialize in plastic and reconstructive surgery.
CSSC representative be sure to sign-in at every meeting.
CSSP conferences aim at promoting discussion between competing theories and formalisms.
Some CSUS majors require an academic minor or approved area of concentration.
CSUS students attend all home events free of charge.
CSUS students coordinate art workshops for schoolchildren as well senior citizens at the center.
CSUS students form small groups and help students with their daily homework.
Every CSUS student can get a free Internet account and a personal web page .
Ctenoid scales are similar to the cycloid scales, with growth rings.
Ctenoid scales are the rule.
Ctenoid scales cover the body and upper head.
Ctenoid scales have a characteristic toothed edge.
A ctenophore is an invertebrate
Ctenophores also have distinctive adhesive cells.
Ctenophores also resemble cnidarians in having a decentralized nerve net rather than a brain.
Ctenophores are active predators hunting constantly for small crustaceans and other plankton.
Ctenophores are also highly bioluminescent, meaning they can produce and emit their own light.
Ctenophores are hermaphrodite and many are bioluminescent.
Ctenophores are hermaphroditic.
Ctenophores are invertebrates.
Ctenophores are strictly carnivorous and prey on a variety of planktonic animals.
Ctenophores are the largest animals that use cilia for locomotion.
Ctenophores are the most basal known type of animals.
Ctenophores consume zooplankton, small fish, jellyfish, and other comb jellies.
Ctenophores have connective tissues and a nervous system .
Ctenophores have eight rows of comblike plates arranged longitudinally around the body.
Ctenophores have tentacles that have sticky filaments to capture their prey.
Ctenophores lack the nematocysts characteristic of jellyfish.
Ctenophores move by beating the cilia on their eight ctenes.
Ctenophores move through the water by a. somersaulting.
Ctenophores show biradial symmetry.
All ctenophores are predators, and most are nearly transparent.
All ctenophores bear both an ovary and a testis.
Many ctenophores have two long tentacles, but some lack tentacles completely.
Many Ctenophores possess solid, contractile tentacles.
Most ctenophores have two long tentacles , but some lack tentacles completely.
Some ctenophores live in somewhat brackish water, but all are confined to marine habitats.
CTG curves are excellent so far.
Cthe rest is diverted to hydroelectric power stations.
Ctitical condition needs our prayes.
CTO time is only applicable when the examination was taken on the employee's own time.
CTPS scholars recognize that it is essential to get the fundamentals right.
All CTSS workshops are free of charge and open to all faculty and staff.
Most CTSS workshops require registration.
CTY methods prove optimal in Brooklyn's public schools.
CTY students are talented individuals who often find themselves in high paying jobs.
Cub fans buy into every year.
Cub fans take a lot of heat from fans of other teams.
Cub league is player pitch.
Cub mortality is high for the species in both the wild and captivity.
Cub mortality is high in both the wild and captivity.
Cub pilots are more trouble than they're worth.
Cub players can have one assist from another player on the serve.
Cub reporters are virtually extinct here.
Cub scout does a good thing willingly.
Cub scout helps it mutually to each other.
Cub scout is itself for itself.
Cub scouts are for boys in first through fifth grades.
Cub scouts buy their own uniform shirt, including council patch, pack and den numerals.
Cub scouts buy their own uniform, including council patch, pack and den numerals.
Cub scouts is hosted by several accomplished den leaders and assistants.
Cub scouts is one way of helping.
Cub survival can be much lower when food is poor.
A cub is a beginner
Cubs also make kitten-like sounds, mewing and purring.
Cubs are about the size of a small squirrel or chipmunk when born.
Cubs are active for roughly the same, or slightly longer, periods as their parents.
Cubs are an easy source of protein in spring and early summer.
Cubs are black when they are born and gradually lighten as they reach maturity.
Cubs are born blind, helpless and rely on mother's milk for sustenance.
Cubs are born blind, with closed ear tubes and white to grey fur with clear black stripes.
Cubs are born blind.
Cubs are born hairless and with their eyes closed.
Cubs are born helpless with their eyes closed like domestic cats.
Cubs are born helpless, and typically nurse for two and a half years.
Cubs are born naked, blind and helpless.
Cubs are born toothless, blind, and bald.
Cubs are born with all their spots, so they appear much darker than the adults.
Cubs are born with dark fur, their eyes open, and some teeth already present.
Cubs are born with eyes and ears closed.
Cubs are born with their eyes closed.
Cubs are buff colored with black spots.
Cubs are divided equally between genders at birth.
Cubs are divided equally between sexes at birth.
Cubs are especially noisy when they re nursing.
Cubs are gray when they are born.
Cubs are grayer, with rosettes appearing solid and more closely patterned.
Cubs are in first place of their division.
Cubs are leopards.
Cubs are less then a year old before they start to hunt.
Cubs are lions.
Cubs are male children.
Cubs are more likely to climb fences than adults.
Cubs are novices.
Cubs are playful, regularly romping and wrestling with their littermates.
Cubs are playful, romping in water and wrestling with their littermates.
Cubs are similar to adults in general look, but more greyish in colour.
Cubs are smoky grey in color with long wooly hair, called a mantle, running along their backs.
Cubs are smoky-grey in color with long hair, called a mantle, running along their backs.
Cubs are totally helpless at birth, with eyes closed until the end of their first week.
Cubs are very needy and vulnerable at birth.
Cubs are young animals.
Cubs are young mammals.
Cubs begin eating solid food.
Cubs begin to be weaned at three months and taught to hunt.
Cubs begin to leave the home range in the fall.
Cubs born to females are blind at birth and are the size of a chipmunk.
Cubs can be choosy about nipples and bottles.
Cubs can gain a wide range of badges and awards.
Cubs can join in and help as they arrive.
Cubs can open their eyes in two weeks time.
Cubs continue nursing as they begin foraging.
Cubs dying from starvation, disease or abandonment are possibly more likely to die unobtrusively.
Cubs easily die in the wild because they are so small and defenseless.
Cubs eat meat from their sixth week and they remain weaned six to eight months.
Cubs emerge from the den when they are four to six months old.
Cubs enjoy scraps of salmon from their mother's meal.
Cubs generally remain with their mother for two and a half years.
Cubs grow up very quickly.
Cubs have a lot of rebuilding to do.
Cubs have dark fur and are born blind.
Cubs have different coloring than adults in that the large spots on their sides are completely dark.
Cubs have panda fur coloration within one month after birth.
Cubs have similar coloration as adults.
Cubs have to be taught how to get down the side.
Cubs inherit their mother's rank.
Cubs kick ass.
Cubs learn to hunt by watching the adults.
Cubs leave mother in second year.
Cubs leave their mother between the ages of one and two.
Cubs leave their parents in the fall.
Cubs meet in a group called a pack.
Cubs officially kick off yet another season as well.
Cubs open their eyes within the first month, and begin walking at two months.
Cubs play games to learn everything needed to hunt and survive.
Cubs pull triple play.
Cubs reach independence at approximately two to three years old.
Cubs really enjoy showing off for an adult family member who attends a meeting.
Cubs rely on their mothers for food and protection for more than a year.
Cubs remain with the mother for two years.
Cubs remain with their mother for nearly two years.
Cubs remain with their mothers for a year and a half.
Cubs remain with their mothers for about a year.
Cubs remain with their mothers for two and a half years.
Cubs remain with their mothers through the first and sometimes second winter.
Cubs run around the hall obeying the various signals as raised.
Cubs see a lot and do a lot.
Cubs sleep through their first birthday without celebrating.
Cubs slide down icy slopes into frigid waters, splashing and dog-paddling with their huge paws.
Cubs spend eighteen months with their mothers, so a female bear gives birth every two years.
Cubs spend six to eight weeks in the den.
Cubs stand in their sixer corners, all cubs are blindfolded and hold on to one another in a line.
Cubs start hunting by themselves when they are less than a year old.
Cubs start to eat bamboo around six months and are fully weaned at nine months.
Cubs start to walk at four months of age.
Cubs stay in den with mother for first winter.
Cubs stay in their dens with their mothers until they are about two months old.
Cubs stay with the mother for about one year.
Cubs stay with the mother for approximately two years.
Cubs stay with the mother for one or two years.
Cubs stay with the mother for two years, getting lessons in hunting from mom.
Cubs stay with their mother for a year.
Cubs stay with their mother for about a year.
Cubs stay with their mother for one to two years.
Cubs stay with their mother for two years or a bit longer.
Cubs stay with their mother for up to two years.
Cubs stay with their mother until they are age two.
Cubs stay with their mother until they grow up to about two years.
Cubs stay with their mother up to one year.
Cubs stay with their mothers for two to three years.
Cubs stay with their mothers for up to three years.
Cubs stay with their mothers from one and a half to three years.
Cubs stay with their mothers until adulthood.
Cubs stay with their mothers until they are about two and a half years old.
Cubs stop nursing.
Cubs succumb during the migration tion.
Cubs taste what their mother eats, but swallow little except milk.
Cubs taste what their mother eats, but swallow very little or it.
Cubs weigh a couple of pounds each when first born, and they are born blind.
Cubs weigh about a pound at birth.
Cubs weigh just over two pounds at birth and nurse until they are six months old.
Cubs weigh one-tenth as much as human babies and are born blind.
Cubs weigh under three pounds at birth and are striped.
Cubs wrestle in a lion's embrace.
Cubs frequently have a white collar around their neck and shoulders.
Cubs often remain with each other for several more months.
Cubs usually remain with the mother until the third or fourth year of their life.
Cubs usually stay with the sow for two years.
Cubs usually stay with their mother for two years, then leave to establish their own home range.
Cubs usually stay with their mother one and a half years.
Cubs usually stay with their mother until they are about three years old.
All cubs are welcome to attend pack day trips and special projects that take place during the year.
All cubs are welcome to attend pack trips and special projects that take place during the year.
All cubs have stripes on their faces within a few days of being born.
Some cubs enter the world unwanted from birth.
Some cubs remain with the sow for up to two years before they become independent and drift away.
Cuba isa thing.
Cuban art is available on Internet auction sites and from small galleries.
Cuban art originals gallery of paintings.
Cuban art requires a special permit or official store receipt to get out of the country.
Cuban artisans make up the greater part of all souvenir sales in most cities around the island.
Cuban artists act like artists all over the world now.
Cuban artists are in fashion.
Cuban baseball is a concentration of the best baseball players in Cuba.
Cuban baseball is unfettered by business interests and played for sport and love of the game.
Cuban beer is tasty, but is a little weak.
Cuban bells have a deep, resonant sound that cuts through the ensemble.
Cuban bishops continue to work for the people.
Cuban bread is baked the old way and is quite different than a plain sub roll.
Cuban cabaret is a national pastime.
Most Cuban cars are old and in poor repair.
All Cuban children are liable for work in the fields at age eleven.
Cuban church sees steady growth.
Cuban cigars are available here as well.
Cuban cigars are great richer, spicy, smokes with a touch of sweetness.
Cuban cigars are still the best in the world, cherished by young and old, men and women.
Cuban cigars have nothing on ACID cigars.
Cuban coffee hits the spot.
Cuban coffee is also excellent and packs quite a jolt.
Cuban coffee is available freshly brewed and piping hot at all times.
Cuban coffee is served at the end of a meal in tacitas that are smaller than demitasse cups.
Cuban coffee is, in essence, a short, hot shot of espresso with a healthy dose of sugar.
Cuban coffees come in all sorts of strengths - from high test to jet fuel.
Cuban contracts have no integrity.
Cuban controllers are very helpful, in allowing deviations.
Every Cuban cook has a pressure cooker and a rice cooker in their kitchen.
Cuban cooking makes excellent use of citrus fruits, especially limes and sour orange juice.
Cuban crocodiles eat mammals.
Cuban crocodiles eat small mammals.
Cuban crocodiles have teeth.
Most cuban crocodiles eat mammals.
Most cuban crocodiles eat small mammals.
Most cuban crocodiles have teeth.
Some cuban crocodiles have distribution.
Some cuban crocodiles survive in numbers.
Cuban cuisine is a mix of Spanish and African techniques, using local produce.
Cuban culture has a popular and juridical basis.
Cuban cyclists are vehicular cyclists.
Cuban dishes are delicious and authentic.
Cuban doctors are well-experienced and render a dedicated and selfless services to hospitals.
Cuban doctors encourage women to abort whenever there is a problem pregnancy.
Cuban doctors make a house call.
Cuban economy is tied in closely with U.S. economy.
Cuban enterprise seeks foreign partners to produce magnesium and calcium nitrates. .
Cuban enterprise seeks foreign partners to use the steam surplus to generate electricity.
Cuban exiles can attest to that.
Cuban exiles seek probe of shootdown.
Cuban families stroll next to tourists.
Cuban flags hang outside homes here.
Cuban food features hearty pork, beef, and chicken that has been marinated, breaded, and grilled.
Cuban food has a lot of rice dishes, very tasty.
Cuban food has strong roots in Spain, which show here particularly in an exuberant love of garlic.
Cuban food is caribbean cuisine.
Cuban food is outstanding.
Most Cuban food tastes light and flavorful.
Cuban government says plane was hijacked from western province.
Cuban healthcare is excellent and amongst the best in the world.
Cuban housing is a problem for the population.
Cuban iguanas have excellent vision and the ability to detect shapes and movement at long distances.
Cuban iguanas reach sexual maturity at an age of two to three years.
Cuban images reflect perseverance and a longing for liberation.
Many Cuban immigrants are political refugees.
Cuban Inmates Take Captives in La.
Cuban jets shoot down two unarmed planes owned by Cuban exiles.
Cuban journalists say the foreign journalists serve as a strong deterrent against public abuses.
Cuban laws deny basic rights, including the freedoms of expression, association, and movement.
Cuban laws provide cover for all kinds of human rights abuse.
Cuban life is characterized by a wide variety of cultural activities.
Cuban music combines two primary racial strains to produce Cuban popular music, Spanish and African.
Cuban music has a lot of changes in the bass, the piano and the percussion.
Cuban music is distinctive.
Cuban music is very lively .
Cuban music is very lively.
Cuban music is, again, a hot commodity.
Most Cuban music is, quite literally, a celebration of life itself.
Cuban musicians are good at almost any music.
Cuban musicians become the toast of New York night life.
Cuban musicians combine African and European music and that's the kind of music they listen to.
Cuban nationalism is a class project.
Cuban nature is open and inviting, generous and warm.
Cuban Newspapers Select Cuban Newspapers by name to view current news online.
Cuban officials allege.
Cuban officials deny any crackdown.
Cuban officials have great hopes for the island's tourism sector.
Cuban officials say the pace of foreign investment has slowed since last year.
Cuban officials say their aim is to give the boy a normal life.
Cuban officials say there is no connection between the arrests and the independent libraries.
Cuban operatives assist.
Cuban people are religious.
Cuban production is relatively small.
Cuban production is small.
Cuban publishers draw interest Several publishing houses from Cuba participated in the bookfair.
Cuban refugee seeks vixen with first-world navigational skills.
Cuban resources are only for the tourist.
Cuban revolutionaries get a discount.
Cuban rum is also superb.
Cuban seed cigars from Honduras, Nicaragua, Dominican Republic and United States.
Most Cuban seed goes as filler, and much of the olor crop is used for binder.
Cuban son leads to Latin jazz.
Cuban son leads to New York Salsa.
Cuban students receive training at no cost and international students pay a modest tuition.
Cuban submarines are a good alternative to main courses.
Cuban television consists of two stations.
Cuban tobacco is acknowledged as among the finest in the world.
Cuban tobacco is famous worldwide.
Most Cuban tobacco is descended from Honduran seed.
Cuban tree frogs outside of their native habitat in Cuba.
Cuban troops begin withdrawing from Angola.
Cuban turtles are Costa Rican turtles.
Cuban women are the only exception.
Cuban workers are by Latin American standards highly trained and educated.
A cubby is a room
Cubbies are personal spaces and are to be respected as such.
Cubbies are preschool boys and girls.
Cubbies are the little boxes they put their stuff in.
All cubbies are available in kit form.
Every cubby is occupied.
Cube farms encourage individual listening.
A cube is a polyhedron
CUBE brings computers to classical music.
Cube concentrates on developing and delivering the snack food of entertainment.
Cube go into detail on the project.
Cube isa shape.
Cube puts news cubes of selected colors on the screen.
Cube rotates toward mouse pointer.
Cubes are available for pick up or delivery, in bulk or in bags.
Cubes are blocks.
Cubes are figures.
Cubes are multi-dimensional representations of business data selected for the purpose of analysis.
Cubes are numbers.
Cubes are rather ugly, but they render much faster.
Cubes are shapes.
Cubes are squares.
Cubes are still the word - but spoken in a very different language.
Cubes are television shows.
Cubes are three-dimensional.
Cubes are too dang expensive to really make a difference.
Cubes are used for play.
Cubes can also combine to make stairways, multi-cube enemies, etc.
Cubes can be difficult.
Cubes can be rank-ordered in size by volume or by length of a side.
Cubes differ in their relative colour positions.
Cubes have density.
Cubes have edges.
Cubes never leave their given row.
Cubes replace bars as data markers.
Cubes rotate, spheres slide, and polygons and patterns collide around an axis of vivid color.
Cubes symbolize the stability of the four elements.
All cubes communicate using a simple number scheme.
Every cube can bear a letter.
Every cube is as pure and natural as possible, a great starting point for any soup or recipe.
Most cubes have density.
Most cubes have edges.
Some cubes have benefits.
Cubed cupolas sit atop each old dormitory.
Cubed ice is packaged in all sizes up to thirty pounds .
Cubed ice is packaged in all sizes up to thirty pounds.
Cubed pieces are generally larger than diced food pieces.
Cubic cells are the most appropriate for large bulk systems.
A cubic centimeter is a metric
Cubic centimeter is abbreviated cc .
Cubic centimeters are a measurement of volume, and a cubic centimeter is equivalent to a milliliter.
Cubic crystals are the easiest to deal with.
Cubic Curves Update.
Cubic equations are inadequate when very high accuracy is required.
Cubic equations possess a pertinent property which constitutes the contents of a lemma below.
A cubic foot is an unit
Cubic feet determine the fee for commercial projects.
Cubic feet varies depending on type of gas and cylinder size.
Every cubic foot has a function.
Cubic holes appear in simple cubic arrays of anions.
Cubic ice is one phase that can occur at atmospheric pressure, but only at low temperature.
Cubic polynomials happen to have two of that kind.
Cubic spline is a robust algorithm for interpolating between sets of points.
Cubic spline is used to compute the curvature.
Cubic splines are splines.
Cubic splines are the most popular spline functions.
Cubic zirconia has no cleavage and exhibits a conchoidal fracture .
Cubic zirconium is a man-made attempt to recreate the real thing.
A cubicle is a room
Cubicles are also a real problem.
Cubicles are gray.
Cubicles are located in banks.
Cubicles are located in buildings.
Cubicles are located in office buildings.
Cubicles are located in offices.
Cubicles are located in work.
Cubicles are th' best, 'cause there ah c'n ventilate mah awful intestinal gases.
Cubicles are used for office work.
Cubicles are used for privacies.
Cubicles are used for storage.
Cubicles are workspace.
Cubicles contain a desk, chairs, a phone, a computer, and a white board.
Cubicles have no doors.
All cubicles are to be equipped with timed roll extractors.
Every cubicle has a phone.
Many cubicles have inadequate bedding, resulting in abrasions and swellings on the cow's hocks.
Most cubicles are light gray or brown.
Most cubicles have locks.
Cubism completely flattens space and uses independent blocks of color.
Cubism is a re-creation of objects.
Cubism is a unique way of looking at the relationship between shape and space.
Cubism is a wonderful tool, especially for preliminary sketches.
Cubism is art movement
Cubism is like a picture that is made out of glass, but it is like it's broken.
Cubism is the complete flattening of space and the use of blocks of color.
Cubism lead to abstraction and necessitated a new way of looking at art.
Cubism soon splits into analytical cubism , synthetic cubism and finally Orphic cubism .
Cubist paintings are organizations of shapes and colors, sometimes in large, flat areas.
A cubist is a painter
Cubists mainly use solid colors and geometric shapes to depict objects or emotions.
Cubists use geometric forms and African art elements to represent their subject.
A cuboid is a prism
Cuboids have six faces, which form a convex polyhedron.
A cuboidal cell is an epithelial cell
Cuboidal cells have more depth.
Cuboidal epithelium has cube-shaped cells.
Cuboidal epithelium is cube-shaped cells.
Any cuckold hubby tells whore wife stories.
Cuckoo bird sings up in a tree.
Some cuckoo birds take care.
A cuckoo clock is a clock
Cuckoo clocks are a unique product imported from Europe.
A cuckoo is a fool
Cuckoo has long and pointed wings and long and thin beak.
Cuckoo Includes drawing and nice information.
Cuckoo is a handsome woman with a sharp face and hard features.
Cuckoo is a house made of bricks .
Cuckoo is a house made of bricks.
Cuckoo is an open source automated malware analysis system.
Cuckoo is right.
Cuckoo isa bird.
Cuckoo makes all the needed preparations for the marriage feast, and many villagers are invited.
Cuckoo shows how to maneuver through the physical world and to be more sensitive to other worlds.
Cuckoo suggests that there is nothing else to do but give the cousin a slave for pleasure.
Cuckoos are a red list species because their population is declining rapidly.
Cuckoos are birds of the medium size.
Cuckoos are birds that show up in the spring and are considered very silly or even stupid.
Cuckoos are birds.
Cuckoos are brood parasites which lay their eggs in the nests of other birds.
Cuckoos are caterpillar specialists.
Cuckoos are common in Bhutan and the Asian highlands but are difficult to approach.
Cuckoos are extremely valuable to farmers and horticulturist, they consume many insects.
Cuckoos are for people who have worries and can lie awake listening.
Cuckoos are for the most part birds of forest and woodland.
Cuckoos are generally solitary birds, and are more often heard than seen.
Cuckoos are insect eaters and are partial to caterpillars and beetles.
Cuckoos are known as nature's interlopers, infiltrating other birds' nests and hogging their food.
Cuckoos are often highly secretive and in many cases best known for their wide repertoire of calls .
Cuckoos consume large quanties of hairy caterpillars.
Cuckoos do it by proxy.
Cuckoos eat everything from insects to bird eggs, frogs, and berries.
Cuckoos eat many spiny caterpillars and the spines stick in the lining of the stomach.
Cuckoos feed on insects, including hairy caterpillars that are distasteful to most birds.
Cuckoos go cuckoo .
Cuckoos have (part) air sacs.
Cuckoos have (part) bird's feet.
Cuckoos have (part) brains.
Cuckoos have (part) breasts.
Cuckoos have (part) cell membranes.
Cuckoos have (part) cells.
Cuckoos have (part) chest cavities.
Cuckoos have (part) chests.
Cuckoos have (part) corpi.
Cuckoos have (part) cytoplasm.
Cuckoos have (part) ears.
Cuckoos have (part) faces.
Cuckoos have (part) flight feathers.
Cuckoos have (part) heads.
Cuckoos have (part) lips.
Cuckoos have (part) mouths.
Cuckoos have (part) nuclei.
Cuckoos have (part) plasma membranes.
Cuckoos have (part) quill feathers.
Cuckoos have (part) rib cages.
Cuckoos have (part) second joints.
Cuckoos have (part) sections.
Cuckoos have (part) skulls.
Cuckoos have (part) sterna.
Cuckoos have (part) talons.
Cuckoos have (part) vacuoles.
Cuckoos have (part) wishbones.
Cuckoos have a lower body mass, lay smaller eggs, and feed on prey of lesser size.
Cuckoos have alarm calls.
Cuckoos have beaks.
Cuckoos have bluish plumages.
Cuckoos have calls.
Cuckoos have direct flight.
Cuckoos have flight.
Cuckoos have opportunity.
Cuckoos have plumages.
Cuckoos have rapid direct flight.
Cuckoos have various strategies for getting their egg into a host nest.
Cuckoos live less than six years in the wild.
Cuckoos lose feathers.
Cuckoos occur in a wide variety of habitats .
Cuckoos perch in trees.
Many cuckoos have specialized names, such as ani , coua , coucal , guira , and roadrunner .
Many cuckoos live in rainforest canopies throughout the world.
Most cuckoos have a long tail and short legs.
Most cuckoos have alarm calls.
Most cuckoos have beaks.
Most cuckoos have bluish plumages.
Most cuckoos have calls.
Most cuckoos have direct flight.
Most cuckoos have flight.
Most cuckoos have opportunity.
Most cuckoos have plumages.
Most cuckoos have rapid direct flight.
Most cuckoos lose feathers.
Most cuckoos perch in trees.
Some cuckoos are classified as concern.
Some cuckoos even kill the other eggs in the nest to insure that their egg gets enough food.
Some cuckoos feed on insects.
Some cuckoos have fitnesses.
Some cuckoos look like small birds of prey in flight, although the wings stay below the horizontal.
Some cuckoos occupy ranges.
Cucumber beetle larvae have appearances.
Cucumber beetle larvae have wrinkly appearances.
Cucumber beetle can transmit bacterial wilt iii.
Cucumber beetle is also a problem here.
Cucumber beetles are a quarter of an inch long with yellow bodies and heavy black striping or spots.
Cucumber beetles are beetles.
Cucumber beetles are especially fond of melons, squash, cucumbers and pumpkins.
Cucumber beetles are insects.
Cucumber beetles are more oblong than lady beetles, which are nearly circular.
Cucumber beetles are one of the most significant agricultural insect pests in the United States.
Cucumber beetles are pests.
Cucumber beetles carry a bacteria that causes bacterial wilt in melon plants.
Cucumber beetles carry bacterial wilt.
Cucumber beetles cause damage.
Cucumber beetles continue to be present in large numbers.
Cucumber beetles eat leaves.
Cucumber beetles feed on young plants and can also spread disease.
Cucumber beetles have black stripes.
Cucumber beetles have ranges.
Cucumber beetles let loose the eggs they've been holding.
Cucumber beetles spell trouble for cucumbers and related plants in two ways.
Most cucumber beetles cause damage.
Most cucumber beetles eat leaves.
Most cucumber beetles have ranges.
Some cucumber beetles chew holes.
Some cucumber beetles feed on leaf spinach.
Some cucumber beetles feed on spinach.
Some cucumber beetles have black stripes.
Some cucumber beetles have stripes.
Some cucumber beetles have wide black stripes.
Some cucumber beetles have wide stripes.
Some cucumber beetles transmit bacterial diseases.
Some cucumber beetles transmit diseases.
Cucumber flowers produce pollen.
Cucumber juice helps intake.
Most cucumber juice helps intake.
Cucumber magnolia displays an attractive gray bark that becomes ridged as it matures.
Cucumber mosaic viruses cause conditions.
Cucumber plants contain compounds.
Cucumber plants develop over time.
Cucumber plants enhance expression.
Cucumber plants have roots.
Cucumber plants have shallow roots.
Cucumber plants need moisture.
Cucumber plants need soil moisture.
Cucumber plants produce abundant harvest.
Cucumber plants produce harvest.
Cucumber plants produce leaves.
Cucumber plants require growth.
Cucumber plants show symptoms.
Cucumber sandwiches are a lovely, cool, elegant take-along.
A cucumber is a vegetable
Cucumber contains ascorbic acid and caffeic acid whereas potato has liquid starch and catecholase.
Cucumber cools like a splash of icy water.
Cucumber isa vine.
Cucumbers act as a natural diuretic and aid in removing trapped water from the body.
Cucumbers are a particular favorite with curry.
Cucumbers are a popular and versatile garden vegetable.
Cucumbers are a traditional part of English tea foods.
Cucumbers are a warm season plant requiring full sun.
Cucumbers are almost always direct seeded.
Cucumbers are also very cooling.
Cucumbers are another example of a vegetable that likes to grow vertically.
Cucumbers are available year-round in the supermarket.
Cucumbers are both direct seeded and transplanted in Hawaii.
Cucumbers are crisper when picked in the morning hours.
Cucumbers are crisper when picked in the morning.
Cucumbers are cross-pollinated by insects.
Cucumbers are deposit or suspension feeders, they are the vacuum cleaners of the ocean.
Cucumbers are easy to pick up.
Cucumbers are eaten when still immature, before their seeds have hardened.
Cucumbers are edible fruit.
Cucumbers are edibles.
Cucumbers are fruit.
Cucumbers are fruits , and are often called vegetables .
Cucumbers are fruits, and are often called vegetables.
Cucumbers are gourd fruits native to southern India.
Cucumbers are great for pickling, tossing in salads, or eating straight off the vine.
Cucumbers are great for reducing puffy eyes.
Cucumbers are grouped as slicers or picklers.
Cucumbers are harvested when immature, before their seeds have hardened.
Cucumbers are heat lovers.
Cucumbers are heavy feeders.
Cucumbers are in the same family as squash and melons.
Cucumbers are melons.
Cucumbers are monoecious plants, meaning they have both male and female flowers on the same plant.
Cucumbers are monoecious.
Cucumbers are more intelligent.
Cucumbers are mostly water, so they're a perfect thirst quencher.
Cucumbers are native to Asia, where they have been eaten for thousands of years.
Cucumbers are native to southern Asia.
Cucumbers are normally direct seeded, since there are so many more plants to the acre.
Cucumbers are part of cucumbers.
Cucumbers are past their prime if they are large, dull, puffy, and yellow.
Cucumbers are picked manually.
Cucumbers are plants.
Cucumbers are productive and easy to grow.
Cucumbers are ready for seed harvest after they are fully ripe.
Cucumbers are relatively problem-free with only occasional cases of powdery mildew.
Cucumbers are relatives of the Persian muskmelon.
Cucumbers are sensitive to fertilizer burn.
Cucumbers are similar, but they can be trained to climb a trellis.
Cucumbers are softer and can probably be handled earlier than that.
Cucumbers are still another excellent example of a vegetable that likes to grow vertically.
Cucumbers are the worst.
Cucumbers are used fresh in salads, eaten plain and often pickled.
Cucumbers are usually green, which means they are unripe.
Cucumbers are vegetables.
Cucumbers are very easy to pick up.
Cucumbers are very low in calories and are a good source of vitamin E and potassium.
Cucumbers are very low in calories, fat, sodium and cholesterol free.
Cucumbers are very useful in soothing sunburns.
Cucumbers belong to the plant family cucurbitaceae, which includes melons, squash, and pumpkins.
Cucumbers can easily change their body shape from sausage to football.
Cucumbers can exhibit different flowering and vining characteristics.
Cucumbers can get away any weekend.
Cucumbers can grow to full size in a day or two.
Cucumbers can handle rejection.
Cucumbers change color after they ripen and start to become mushy.
Cucumbers contain a lot of potassium, magnesium and fiber.
Cucumbers contain calories.
Cucumbers contain essential nutrients.
Cucumbers contain fiber.
Cucumbers contain many nutritional benefits, including hydrating properties and valuable nutrients.
Cucumbers contain minerals.
Cucumbers contain nutrients.
Cucumbers contain small amounts of dietry fibre, minerals and vitamins.
Cucumbers continue to be harvested in good numbers and quality.
Cucumbers cross only with other cucumbers, etc.
Cucumbers develop fruit.
Cucumbers do easily cross with other cucumbers.
Cucumbers do especially well in containers.
Cucumbers dont HAVE to have a porno mag.
Cucumbers grow best when given full sun for the entirety of their growing process.
Cucumbers grow especially well in black plastic.
Cucumbers grow flowers.
Cucumbers grow in gardens.
Cucumbers grow in regions.
Cucumbers grow on long vines or smaller, more compact plants.
Cucumbers grow well in greenhouses, too.
Cucumbers have (part) cell membranes.
Cucumbers have (part) cells.
Cucumbers have (part) corpi.
Cucumbers have (part) cytoplasm.
Cucumbers have (part) melons.
Cucumbers have (part) nuclei.
Cucumbers have (part) peels.
Cucumbers have (part) plasma membranes.
Cucumbers have (part) sections.
Cucumbers have (part) vacuoles.
Cucumbers have a cooling effect.
Cucumbers have a high water requirement and are very susceptible to water stress.
Cucumbers have a reputation for beating the heat.
Cucumbers have a spring and fall season in most areas of Texas.
Cucumbers have both female and male flowers on their vines, and the male flowers drop off naturally.
Cucumbers have both male and female blossoms on each plant.
Cucumbers have few vitamins or carotenoids.
Cucumbers have fewer calories.
Cucumbers have most of the vitamins the body needs in a single day.
Cucumbers have shapes.
Cucumbers have surfaces.
Cucumbers have two different flowers, male and female.
Cucumbers have types.
Cucumbers have vines called Tendrils that they are attached to.
Cucumbers never answer the phone or borrow the car.
Cucumbers never get too excited.
Cucumbers never have mid-life crises.
Cucumbers never have mid-life crisis.
Cucumbers never suffer from performance anxiety.
Cucumbers particularly deteriorate rapidly, especially at room temperature.
Cucumbers Pinch out the tips of sideshoots to a couple of leaves beyond any developing fruits.
Cucumbers prefer a rich soil.
Cucumbers produce both male and female flowers on the same plant.
Cucumbers proliferate, and spinach grows in copious clumps in our garden.
Cucumbers require a great deal of water during the warm season.
Cucumbers require an abundance of moisture and plant food.
Cucumbers require care and vigilance to prevent destructive insects and diseases.
Cucumbers require consistent moisture.
Cucumbers stay hard for a week.
Cucumbers stay hard for two weeks.
Cucumbers supply texture and variety to meals and make wonderful snacks.
Cucumbers use for pickle.
Cucumbers usually are eaten when immature.
All cucumbers are fresh and juicy.
Most cucumbers contain calories.
Most cucumbers contain essential nutrients.
Most cucumbers contain fiber.
Most cucumbers contain minerals.
Most cucumbers contain nutrients.
Most cucumbers creep over the surface of the substratum or burrow into it.
Most cucumbers develop fruit.
Most cucumbers grow flowers.
Most cucumbers grow in gardens.
Most cucumbers grow in regions.
Most cucumbers have shapes.
Most cucumbers have surfaces.
Most cucumbers have types.
Most cucumbers use for pickle.
Some cucumbers add spices.
Some cucumbers belong to genus.
Some cucumbers belong to taxonomic genus.
Some cucumbers come from seeds.
Some cucumbers contain acid.
Some cucumbers grow on vigorous vines.
Some cucumbers grow on vines.
Some cucumbers have anatomies.
Some cucumbers have appendages.
Some cucumbers have capacity.
Some cucumbers have female flowers.
Some cucumbers have flexible structures.
Some cucumbers have flowers.
Some cucumbers have mushrooms.
Some cucumbers have nerves.
Some cucumbers have radial nerves.
Some cucumbers have radial symmetry.
Some cucumbers have relatives.
Some cucumbers have remarkable capacity.
Some cucumbers have sex.
Some cucumbers have structures.
Some cucumbers have symmetry.
Some cucumbers have tentacles.
Some cucumbers have tubes.
Some cucumbers have tubules.
Some cucumbers keep seeds.
Some cucumbers produce female flowers.
Some cucumbers produce flowers.
Some cucumbers secrete sticky substances.
Some cucumbers secrete substances.
Some cucumbers thrive in summer weather.
Some cucumbers thrive in warm summer weather.
Some cucumbers thrive in warm weather.
Some cucumbers thrive in weather.
A cucurbit is a family
Cucurbits are free from fruit fly infestation.
Cucurbits are important crops.
Cucurbits are of great economic importance and have a long tradition of cultivation in Turkey.
Cucurbits are thought to have originated in southern Mexico and Central America.
Cucurbits are totally dependent on insect pollination since most are monoecious in flower habit.
Cucurbits differ from most garden vegetables in their requirements for pollination.
Cucurbits have a flowering habit which is quite unique among the vegetable crops.
Cucurbits Remove and destroy unproductive plants.
All cucurbits are susceptible to root knot nematodes.
Most cucurbits are susceptible.
A cud is feed
Cud isa food.
Cud isa nutrient.
Cuds consist of particles.
CUDS has embryos for sale.
Cuds mix with saliva.
Most cuds consist of particles.
A cuddle is embrace
Cuddle is an unmoderated newsgroup.
Cuddles are embrace.
Cuddles are precious.
Cuddles face looks like a chick.
Cuddles Go ahead.
Cuddles has a distinct personality, they say.
Cuddles has a stubby little tail.
Cuddles has two purple wings and a brown stomach like a fox.
Cuddles is a gigantic white bunny.
Cuddles is more appealing to norns so they play with it more often.
Cuddles is well-behaved in public places like the restaurant.
Some cue balls have energy.
A cue is evidence
CUEs are a means of documenting continuing education courses.
Cues are a type of receptive communication.
Cues are concrete reminders to do something or attend to something.
Cues are highly flexible.
Cues are of unlimited length and can be stopped or started by remote devices.
Cues are the hints or prompts that help participants recall specific features or details.
Cues can also be social .
Cues can be verbal, gestural, demonstration, and physical assistance.
Cues can be voice commands or hand or body cues.
Cues can have up to nine parts and can Loop, link and support event assignments.
Cues conveniently load up or down and the cases have room for extra length cues.
Cues involve accentuating single words, phrases, or paragraphs.
Cues provided by the stars are obviously important only to nocturnal migrants.
Cues represent the sounds of spoken language.
Cues umsetzen muss.
Cues use in visually guided actions.
Cues vary by more than a factor of four for how much squirt they have.
All cues are in great shape.
All cues are two part cues, a ready cue and a go cue.
CUED members receive special discounted rates on all the items in our catalog.
CUED staff can tailor existing courses to meet the unique needs of a particular community.
Cuff beading improves tear resistance and aids donning.
Cuff deflation is contraindicated in patients aspirating secretions.
Cuff links are downright archeological.
Cuff links are located in suitcases.
Cuff links are the fastest growing collectible in the country.
Cuff links represent our single most popular men's accessory.
Cuff repair is a shoulder tightening operation.
A cuff is overlap
Cuff electrodes for chronic stimulation and recording of peripheral nerve activity.
Cuff isa flap.
Cuff needs to be longer than diameter.
Cuffs add extra weight to the bottom allowing the pants to hang better.
Cuffs are adjustable with concealed knit wristlet.
Cuffs are adjustable.
Cuffs are an optional fashion idea.
Cuffs are convertible.
Cuffs are expandable to fit boots and have an elastic lining to keep pant legs in place.
Cuffs are functional.
Cuffs are laps.
Cuffs are large, full and turned back.
Cuffs are optional, but are strongly encouraged.
Cuffs are part of legs.
Cuffs are part of sleeve.
Cuffs are single tube latex with quick release connectors.
Cuffs are solid blue.
Cuffs are solid pink.
Cuffs can be barrel or French cuffs, rounded or square.
Cuffs can be plain or ruffled as per the occasion.
Cuffs can collect sparks.
Cuffs go in and out of style.
Cuffs have (part) sections.
Cuffs have adjustable velcro closures allowing for adjustment to sleeve length.
Cuffs have button closures.
Cuffs have fancy serpentine border tool design, snap closures and diamond spot pattern.
Cuffs meet specifications.
Cuffs operate by means of a screw key which is now missing.
Cuffs reach to thy elbow.
Cuffs turn down.
All cuffs are white in color.
All cuffs are white.
Some cuffs are part of anoraks.
Some cuffs are part of capes.
Some cuffs are part of cardigans.
Some cuffs are part of coats.
Some cuffs are part of diapers.
Some cuffs are part of dominoes.
Some cuffs are part of garments.
Some cuffs are part of jackets.
Some cuffs are part of jerseys.
Some cuffs are part of jumpers.
Some cuffs are part of kilts.
Some cuffs are part of laundries.
Some cuffs are part of leggings.
Some cuffs are part of macs.
Some cuffs are part of nightdresses.
Some cuffs are part of pullovers.
Some cuffs are part of raglans.
Some cuffs are part of raincoats.
Some cuffs are part of robes.
Some cuffs are part of scarves.
Some cuffs are part of shawls.
Some cuffs are part of shirts.
Some cuffs are part of sleeve.
Some cuffs are part of suits.
Some cuffs are part of sweaters.
Some cuffs are part of sweatshirts.
Some cuffs are part of underwears.
A cufflink is jewellery
Cufflinks add character to any look.
Cufflinks are accessories.
Cufflinks are all sterling silver, with hinged backs for comfort.
Cufflinks are connectors.
Cufflinks are fasteners.
Cufflinks are jewelry.
Cufflinks come in black leather box.
Cufflinks have yellow cabs on each of the ends.
A cuirassier is a soldier
Cuirassiers are unknown lineage.
Cuirassiers benefit from armour, reducing losses.
Cuisine also is an aspect of culture.
Cuisine belongs in a certain place, culturally, historically, and geographically.
Cuisine blends the best of traditional classics with contemporary, health-conscious dishes.
Cuisine consists of fresh fish , salads , chicken , steaks , and specialty entres.
Cuisine covers everything from fried Indian bread to peanut-butter burritos.
Cuisine emphasizes Scandinavian specialties.
Cuisine has a couple of shortcomings.
Cuisine includes continental cuisine, plus a low-fat spa menu and Greek specialties.
Cuisine includes crab and lobster prepared in a variety of ways, as well as steak, chicken and veal.
Cuisine includes fresh local food and emphasizes New England dishes.
Cuisine includes hot entrees, salad bar, sandwiches from the deli, and hamburgers from the grill.
Cuisine includes regional specialties.
Cuisine includes traditional Mexican dishes in a vibrant atmosphere.
Cuisine is a cooking
Cuisine is about cooking, which is about eating and nourishment and health and survival.
Cuisine is American with authentic southern dishes.
Cuisine is American with local specialties, and there is a choice of two entrees with every meal.
Cuisine is American with local specialties.
Cuisine is American with some local dishes, and bread is baked fresh.
Cuisine is American, steak.
Cuisine is an easy to use database designed to catalog recipes and plan meals.
Cuisine is barbeque, smoked meats, cowboy cuisine.
Cuisine is bold, imaginative, and the two different menus are provided to tempt guests.
Cuisine is both an art and a science.
Cuisine is careful and offers everyday menu la carte with regional or national dishes.
Cuisine is classic downeast fair including a lobster bake on shore one evening.
Cuisine is continental and local.
Cuisine is continental with Pacific Rim influences.
Cuisine is cooked over a wood burning pit to add to the flavor.
Cuisine is cooking.
Cuisine is definitely a big part of the people's culture.
Cuisine is delicious at either restaurant.
Cuisine is especially important.
Cuisine is excellent and outdoor summer night buffets are a real treat.
Cuisine is excellent.
Cuisine is exquisite, especially the desserts.
Cuisine is French traditional fare using bountiful local produce much of which is grown onsite.
Cuisine is French, Italian and American plus local specialties where the ship is cruising.
Cuisine is French, Italian and American plus local specialties.
Cuisine is healthy and hearty and guaranteed to fuel the body.
Cuisine is international with local specialties.
Cuisine is international with Norwegian specialties.
Cuisine is international with regional specialties.
Cuisine is international, with all foodstuffs other than seafood imported.
Cuisine is international.
Cuisine is irrelevent as long as it's cheap and good.
Cuisine is low-fat gourmet.
Cuisine is mainly French and continental with a Caribbean influence.
Cuisine is Mediterranean with California influence.
Cuisine is Mediterranean, mostly French and Italian, with some Spanish influences.
Cuisine is mostly Mediterranean.
Cuisine is of a very high standard.
Cuisine is only about making foods taste the way they are supposed to taste.
Cuisine is open to the public.
Cuisine is prepared by a reputable chef assisted by kitchen staff.
Cuisine is quite good, and plentiful even by cruise ship standards.
Cuisine is regional with a lighter, modern touch.
Cuisine is regional.
Cuisine is similar to France, with some delicious local specialities.
Cuisine is something very traditional in the life of Azeris.
Cuisine is spruced up, too, and the caesar salad is the best around.
Cuisine is superb, enhanced by delectable fruits and vegetables picked daily from organic gardens.
Cuisine is superb.
Cuisine is to a very high standard.
Cuisine is to an international standard.
Cuisine is typical bar food, including burgers, salads and appetizers.
Cuisine is typically hearty mountain fare.
Cuisine is Vegetarian with emphasis on whole foods.
Cuisine is very careful.
Cuisine is very good, above all regional and local dishes.
Cuisine is, after all, control.
Cuisine is, of course, central to France s national identity.
Cuisine ranges from fine dining to casual fare.
Cuisine ranges from five course steak and seafood meals to buffet to coffee and pastries.
Cuisine ranges from Mediterranean, Italian, French classical, Japanese and Seafood.
Cuisine ranges from snacks to gourmet meals.
Cuisine ranges from vegan and vegetarian dishes to fresh fish, natural poultry and filet mignon.
Cuisine ranging from fried seafood to continental fare is readily available for famished cruisers.
Cuisine runs the gamut, but strong on pastas and salads.
Cuisine Take the time to appreciate New Orleans' claim to fame.
Cuisine varies greatly from one region to another.
Cuisines are the result of evolution, an intermingling of forces over centuries or even millennia.
Cuisines includes continental, italian, mexican, and indian.
Cuisines range from fast food to continental.
Cuisines range from Indonesian and Italian to seafood and wonderful local Bonairean specialties.
Every cuisine has low fat, low calorie alternatives.
Most cuisines are really mouth-watering but spell disaster for a person that has weight issues.
Some cuisines are fond of raw garlic.
A cuke is a vegetable
Cukes are straighter and easier to find.
Culinary adventures are our specialty.
Culinary art is a cooking
Culinary art is presented fantastically, combining mastery of cooking and control of life.
Culinary art is pretty cool.
Culinary arts is a wide field open to many exciting areas of specialization.
Culinary arts is an hands on profession.
Many culinary discoveries happen by accident.
Culinary diversity are the keywords when it comes to dining in Osborne Village.
Culinary enticements play a part, but leave out lettuce and coconuts.
Many culinary experts opt for another oven below the first.
Culinary focus is Mediterranean.
Culinary herbs are different from spices.
Culinary herbs are high value crops.
Culinary herbs are ones which fresh or dried leaves are used in cooking.
Culinary herbs are useful as well as attractive plants.
Culinary herbs can also be ornamental.
Culinary herbs share the spotlight with fragrance herbs, ornamental herbs and medicinal herbs.
Culinary herbs thrive in containers and window boxes.
Many culinary herbs are attractive and have interesting scents.
Most culinary herbs require at least five hours of sun per day.
Culinary historians are in disagreement as to the origin of the madeleine.
Culinary inmates wear a special work uniform consisting of white cap, white shirt and white pants.
Culinary items are definitely the thing to buy here.
Culinary kinds keep their flavor when they are packed in air-tight containers.
Culinary magic abounds, warm fellowship and pampered service.
Culinary memories provide a precious link to the past.
Culinary possibilities open up on long international flights with major carriers.
Many culinary professionals concur that organic practices enhance flavor.
All culinary programs are apprenticeship approved.
Culinary quality is excellent, and specific gravity is higher than most red cultivars.
Culinary schools do a whole lot of touting of their programs.
Culinary semesters follow the college calendar with allowances for winter and spring breaks.
Culinary sensibilities are still Siamese, though, especially the excellent curry dishes.
Culinary skills are essential for registered dietitians.
Culinary tours are available as custom trips to private groups.
Culinary translations are risky.
Culinary universe offers free recipes for the Gourmet, Chef and cook alike.
Culinary use is mainly in soups, stews, and tomato sauces.
Culinary value is high.
Culinary water comes from a spring at the community site.
Culinary water is obtained by drilling a well.
Cull birds are inappropriate.
Cull bulls go straight to slaughter rather than to other breeders.
Cull cows are a significant player in producer revenues.
Cull piles are an especially important problem because they provide a place for the fungus to grow.
Cull piles are breeding grounds.
Cull prices are low.
Cull trees grow larger, but no better in quality.
Cull value is a one-time income as opposed to calf sales which are yearly.
A cull is a process
Cull blades rip and tear grass, which can cause turf disease.
Culls are lobsters that have lost one claw.
Culls are usually available.
Culls become frozen orange juice.
Culligan dealerships are independently owned and operated.
Culligan water reaches far beyond the borders of North America.
A culm is a stem
Culm nodes hairy.
Culm nodes sparsely or densely hairy.
Culm nodes with short bristles below the nodes.
Culm sheaths persistent .
Culm sheaths persistent, or deciduous in their entirety.
Culm sheaths persistent.
Culm sheaths with constricted, more or less petiolate, reflexed blades.
Culms are abruptly bent at a sharp angle in a zigzag fashion.
Culms are buttery yellow with occasional green stripes.
Culms are glabrous or slightly hairy.
Culms are green for the first few months, turning black with sunlight by the end of the year.
Culms are more or less cylindrical.
Culms are slender and wiry, slightly flattened, and erect to decumbent at the base.
Culms are stalks.
Culms arise from long underground rhizomes.
Culms bear four to six leaves.
Culms become mature after two or three years.
Culms bend at nodes.
Culms can be black, blue, yellow, pink, brown, or green.
Culms have short internodes, are durable and pest resistant.
Culms turn blackish in their second year.
Culms turn brown then black, with stripes of green, yellow and golden.
Culms woody and persistent, or herbaceous.
Many culms have zig-zags in the lower section.
Some culms have an ocassional zig-zag.
Some culms have green stripes between the internodes.
A culotte is a skirt
Culottes are a garment that looks and hangs like a skirt, but is actually a pair of pants.
Culottes are the fashion equivalent of processed cheese or mini-marts.
A culpability is guilt
Culpability is much less.
Culpability lies with the electorate.
Culpable conduct is dilatory behavior that is willful or in bad faith.
Culpable conduct is more than mere negligence.
Culpable homicide is a crime.
A culprit is an offender
Culprit isa individual.
Culprit isa person.
Culprit isa somebody.
Culprit isa someone.
Culprits are also victims.
Culprits are family and friends.
Culprits are slow shuttering, leakage through the shutter, and phosphor afterglow.
Culprits can include beetles, moths and butterflies.
Culprits face the threat of prosecution and fines.
Culprits have (part) arms.
Culprits have (part) body substances.
Culprits have (part) cell membranes.
Culprits have (part) cells.
Culprits have (part) corpi.
Culprits have (part) cytoplasm.
Culprits have (part) heads.
Culprits have (part) human bodies.
Culprits have (part) legs.
Culprits have (part) material bodies.
Culprits have (part) necks.
Culprits have (part) nuclei.
Culprits have (part) personality.
Culprits have (part) plasma membranes.
Culprits have (part) sections.
Culprits have (part) vacuoles.
Culprits range from genetic factors to poor diet and stress.
Many culprits cause fires in the home.
Many culprits cause house fires.
Some culprits are treated to twenty or more blows with a bamboo.
Some culprits cruise a neighbourhood or town looking for a home that seems unoccupied.
Cult classics have a way of catching up over the years.
All cult figures are on the fringes of something.
Cult followers are highly amusing when their leaders are exposed.
Cult leaders are con-artists and are people that like to control others.
Cult leaders are expert in isolating passages and imposing their interpretation on it.
Cult leaders are often quite amusing.
Cult leaders are unable to take the risk of allowing people to think for themselves.
Cult leaders know that their followers already feel isolated.
Cult leaders prey on the fears and anxieties of the disenfranchised.
All cult leaders are people who brainwash their followers.
Cult movies break formula of big-budget productions OK, start at the beginning of the alphabet.
Cult of Dragon creates first dracoliches .
Cult status comes as standard.
Cult status pays off.
Cult wine is what aficionados call highly elusive, extremely expensive wine.
Cult wines are no strangers to the auction market .
Cult wines are unique.
Cult wines continue to prosper.
A cult is religion
Cult are like religions, only they want total control and usually permit no conflicting opinions.
Cult is a good game to play.
Cult is a part of culture.
Cult is cool.
Cult makes it easier to put on tight rubber or latex clothing.
Cult receives four smileys.
Cults abound in Jerusalem.
Cults also ensnare members by creating bizarre rites.
Cults also harm society in important indirect ways.
Cults also have a hierarchical structure for members from initiates to high priests.
Cults also indoctrinate their followers.
Cults also regard the body as a source of corruption.
Cults also try to engender total faith in an unchallenged leader.
Cults are a fact of life in our society.
Cults are a star-spangled part of the American tradition.
Cults are a worldwide problem.
Cults are about cash .
Cults are accountable to no one but themselves.
Cults are almost by definition closed societies.
Cults are always mute.
Cults are authoritarian in nature.
Cults are bands.
Cults are closed and secretive.
Cults are corrective attempts.
Cults are created by ideology.
Cults are dangerous.
Cults are far more nuclear than mainstream religions.
Cults are groups of people.
Cults are groups that trade a sense of salvation and belonging for the ability to think for oneself.
Cults are inherently ephemeral and loosely organized.
Cults are innovative, fervent groups.
Cults are just flukes.
Cults are just the opposite.
Cults are lead by people who make their followers believe that the leader has supernatural powers.
Cults are made of people.
Cults are more strongly devoted to a leader, where as sects are splinters of established churches.
Cults are notorious for such hypercritical behavior.
Cults are of many varying and even opposite beliefs.
Cults are on the rise in America.
Cults are part of the religious systems of the world.
Cults are primarily a social and cultural rather than a psychiatric or legal problem.
Cults are religion.
Cults are sect.
Cults are somewhat like guilds in that they provide a collection of powers for members.
Cults are synergistic.
Cults are the most extreme group, requiring a complete separation from the member's former life.
Cults are the reverse.
Cults are unChristian.
Cults are very small, they are lifeless and they tend to follow a person.
Cults are very widespread today.
Cults are wholly inward, except of course when it comes to recruiting.
Cults attract people on the fringe of society, people already on the edge.
Cults basically believe another gospel .
Cults believe that the end justifies the means .
Cults can even develop when the leaders get bitter towards the main-line churches or denominations.
Cults can give teens a sense of higher purpose and a feeling that there is order in the world.
Cults can give teens a sense of purpose and a feeling that there is order in the world.
Cults can now spread their message more easily than ever.
Cults come in a variety of shapes and sizes.
Cults come in all sizes, form around any theme, and recruit persons of all ages and backgrounds.
Cults conceal their real nature and goals from prospective or new members.
Cults control members in part through controlling the information they receive.
Cults control their members' time.
Cults deliberately misinform about who they are and what their intentions are.
Cults demand consensus, while authentic spirituality embraces individual differences.
Cults destroy the ego authority of the individual and create a helpless feeling.
Cults do exist.
Cults do things to people.
Cults dominate all aspects of their member's lives, controlling their minds and bodies.
Cults educate their children to follow certain norms established by the leader.
Cults enforce a great deal of internal control.
Cults expend a considerable amount of time educating new members in the ways of the group.
Cults gather around charismatic individuals who are the sole source of truth to their followers.
Cults generally believe their group is the fulfillment of prophecy concerning end times.
Cults generally force followers to break relations with their families outside of the cult.
Cults have one strong leader to whom the members gives allegiance.
Cults have the technique down pat.
Cults hold to the very doctrines of demon.
Cults imitate legitimate organizations to try to get new members.
Cults intend to retain a hold on people for life, or for as long as they are valuable to the cult.
Cults involve their members.
Cults lack transparency and hide the truth.
Cults look for people to recruit.
Cults make salvation to some degree dependent on the works of man.
Cults never allow their members to ask questions.
Cults offer children a community and sense of belonging.
Cults offer love and companionship.
Cults offer utopia.
Cults operate on a fascinating psychological principle.
Cults practice a severe form of censorship.
Cults prey on our aversion to uncertainty.
Cults prey on people who feel unable to say no.
Cults prey on spiritual babes.
Cults promise a sense of purpose and belonging.
Cults provide a sense of community.
Cults provide a sense of status.
Cults provide answers.
Cults reach minority groups.
Cults recruit members in a very interesting and effective way.
Cults regularly use deceptive recruitment practices.
Cults represent a force of religious innovation within a culture.
Cults rob a person of their own creativity and individuality.
Cults rob individuals of the ability to make moral and social decisions that govern their lives.
Cults say that.
Cults say they believe the Bible.
Cults seek converts, exercise control over their followers etc.
Cults seem overly sensitive to times and seasons.
Cults soon become powerful financial holdings and diversify their activities.
Cults tend to be emotionally and, sometimes, physically and sexually abusive.
Cults tend to emphasize the individual and individual peace.
Cults tend to use every tactic in the book to steer their members away from examining the evidence.
Cults therefore revolve around wherever any such being is presumed to be found.
Cults typically deny more than one central doctrine.
Cults typically encourage members to have children and place the children in the care of the group.
Cults typically manipulate sleep patterns, diet, sexuality, and the flow of information.
Cults use fear to control their members.
Cults use mind control or pressure to keep their members .
Cults use mind-control techniques and forms of hypnosis to indoctrinate followers.
Cults vary in how much financial and political power they wield.
Cults often employ violence against dropouts.
Cults often impose an unbalanced, unhealthy diet on their members.
Cults often prey upon the wounded, lost, and confused.
Cults often recruit from among the young who are without secure families and deep relationships.
Cults often rely on certain principles to keep members in line.
Cults often twist religious texts, such as the Bible, tosuit their own agendas.
Cults often urge their followers to live communally to avoid contamination by worldliness.
Cults sometimes are illegal to.
Cults usually center around the leader and often the cult dies when the leader dies.
Cults usually claim the Bible as authoritative.
Cults usually have some kind of authoritarian, totalistic leader or prophet.
All cults are based on some sort of faith in something being true, regardless of the evidence.
All cults are more bad than good.
All cults deny or redefine any or all essential Christian doctrines.
All cults seem to go down the same road.
All cults trick their followers by wresting verses from their context.
Every cult has a founder and leader, a charismatic person who is highly respected.
Every cult uses biblical and evangelical terms and phrases to try to give itself credibility.
Many cults are elitist groups.
Many cults combine elements of eastern spirituality and the Judeo-Christian heritage.
Many cults concentrate on good health.
Many cults depend on secrecy.
Many cults encourage or require unhealthy and bizarre diets.
Many cults examine the income of the members and demand that they give a certain amount.
Many cults give their members black and white answers .
Many cults stress righteousness and morality.
Many cults use respectable sounding organizations as fronts.
Many cults use traditional religion as a basis for their beliefs.
Most cults can recruit and control a person in a matter of three or four days.
Most cults demand blind faith and total obedience.
Most cults have one core biblical truth that they have rediscovered .
Most cults have only a few hundred members and spend most of their energy just surviving.
Most cults offer a newly invented doctrine, often a composite of other popular religions.
Most cults provide a tight-knit sense of fellowship.
Most cults provide some means for charismatic power to be applied to the healing of mind and body.
Most cults too are anything but secretive.
Some cults actively recruit young teens and children.
Some cults add to the revelation of Scripture.
Some cults are huge and others are quite small.
Some cults are hybrids.
Some cults are in the business of power and money.
Some cults claim to be the true Israel.
Some cults explicitly deny central doctrines of the Christian faith.
Some cults harmonize Eastern and Western thought.
Some cults have a world vision.
Some cults have demanding disciplines.
Some cults have living dynamic leaders who control every aspect of their followers lives.
Some cults instruct their members to immediately deny a recruitment attempt.
Some cults provide a more liberal climate.
Some cults provide housing, some just meet on weekends.
Some cults require that members contribute all their possessions to the group.
Some cults stress human potential.
Some cults suppliment the Bible with another authority or revelation.
Some cults use religion as a hook to pull in unsuspecting people.
Cultched Growers can avoid setting altogether by purchasing seed after it has set.
Cultic groups can destroy or damage peoples lives spiritually and psychologically.
Cultic tendencies constitute extremism that has gone beyond divine authority.
A cultist is a follower
Cultists are followers.
Cultists are masters of changing the subject and avoiding the issue.
Cultists are people before they're cultists .
Cultists place great value on personal experience.
Cultists quote it to support their false doctrines.
Cultists react with fear and resentment.
Cultists read deviant theologies into Scripture rather than allowing the text to speak for itself.
Cultivable land is limited.
All cultivable land is under cultivation, except for essential meadow land for pasture.
A cultivar is a tracheophyte
A cultivar is variety
Cultivars also have significant differences.
Cultivars also vary in their ability to attract pollinators.
Cultivars are available in white, red, salmon-pink, pink and purple.
Cultivars are available which vary slightly in flower color, vigor, and foliage color.
Cultivars are available with variegated foliage, with wavy leaves and with pendulous branches.
Cultivars are complex hybrids of many other cultivars and species.
Cultivars are given a name, usually distinguished by the use of single quotation marks.
Cultivars are grafted onto species stock.
Cultivars are highly ornamental but very prone to attack by webbing caterpillars.
Cultivars are more susceptible to sporting than native species for a couple of reasons.
Cultivars are only resistant to specific races of the red stele fungus.
Cultivars are propagated using cuttings and grafting.
Cultivars are researched and created to promote desirable traits.
Cultivars are selected for their vigorous growth habits, disease resistance, flowers or fragrance.
Cultivars are used as ornamental plants .
Cultivars are used as ornamental plants.
Cultivars are varieties that have been developed for plant form, leaf color, and plant size.
Cultivars are variety.
Cultivars are vascular plants.
Cultivars can be double or single and have a wide range of colors.
Cultivars can differ in susceptibility.
Cultivars can differ in their susceptibility to the problem.
Cultivars can vary in flower color shades because of weather, year, soil and location differences.
Cultivars come in white, pink, salmon, red and yellow, and fully double forms resemble peonies.
Cultivars come tall or shorticulture with red or green pods.
Cultivars develop that are suited for specific environments.
Cultivars differ greatly in susceptibility to the common diseases.
Cultivars differ greatly in their susceptibility to winter injury.
Cultivars differ in fruit quality for a processed product.
Cultivars differ in sensitivity to chemicals.
Cultivars differ in susceptibility to scald.
Cultivars differ in susceptibility, but none are resistant.
Cultivars differ in the ability of infected plants to set seed.
Cultivars differ in their ability to compete with weeds.
Cultivars emerge green or chartreuse and turn to yellow or whitish yellow.
Cultivars emerge with white or yellow leaf colors that ultimately become increasingly green.
Cultivars exist offering fruit in shades of red, black, purple and yellow.
Cultivars flower up to a week later than natural season, allowing a longer period of sales.
Cultivars have flowers of a different color.
Cultivars have many local names making identification of specific clones difficult by common name.
Cultivars have yellow, yellowish green, or green areas that turn to near white.
Cultivars lacking the red pigments appear yellow or orange when ripe.
Cultivars offer purple flowers, double flowers, and yellow or variegated leaves.
Cultivars offer variation in foliage color and form.
Cultivars offer white, blue or pinkish flowers.
Cultivars range from dwarf to rounded to globe shapes.
Cultivars represent the scattered parts of what was one individual tree with exceptional fruit.
Cultivars require different lengths of time from initiation to bract development.
Cultivars tend to be adapted to relatively small areas which limits potential sales.
Cultivars tend to remain stable, and propagations grow like the parent plant.
Cultivars vary in both flower and foliage color.
Cultivars vary in fineness and color of leaves.
Cultivars vary in foliage and flower features.
Cultivars vary in plant height, shape and color of the pod.
Cultivars vary in susceptibility.
Cultivars vary in the quantity of catkins produced.
Cultivars vary in their maturity schedule and in their cold tolerance.
Cultivars vary in their susceptibility to rust diseases.
Cultivars vary in their susceptibility.
Cultivars vary widely in soluble solids at maturity.
All cultivars are good for cutting, although some have short stems.
All cultivars have statistically significant differences in respect of quality characteristics.
All cultivars produce a large number of volatiles in reaction to spider mite damage.
All cultivars require very little pruning or training during the planting year.
Many cultivars are available at any garden center and in seed catalogs.
Many cultivars are available though area nurseries.
Many cultivars are available to the consumer to satisfy almost any gardening whim.
Many cultivars are available which have leaves that are variously cut.
Many cultivars are available with various flower colors and sizes.
Many cultivars are available, and vary in foliage and flower features.
Many cultivars are available, with variations in both flower and foliage color.
Many cultivars are available.
Many cultivars are fragrant.
Many cultivars are known.
Many cultivars combine red and orange in different bicolor patterns.
Many cultivars exist with specific growth habits and land-scape characteristics.
Many cultivars exist.
Many cultivars feature fragrant flowers.
Many cultivars grown in greenhouses such as European cucumbers are parthenocarpic.
Many cultivars have flowers in a range of color, while others have flowers in a single color.
Many cultivars have large, vibrant-colored flowers that get attention in the garden center.
Many cultivars produce high yield and excellent quality during the cool season in North Florida.
Many cultivars reseed.
Many cultivars turn color before they are ripe.
Most cultivars are highly susceptible to the fungus.
Most cultivars are ill-adapted to espalier.
Most cultivars are long and are grown on a trellis.
Most cultivars are monoecious, with separate male and female flowers in the same plant.
Most cultivars are mutations that produce genetically normal seed.
Most cultivars are obtained by grafting.
Most cultivars are poor seeders.
Most cultivars are semi-hardy and require winter protection .
Most cultivars are susceptible to viruses that decrease productivity and shorten stand life.
Most cultivars arise from seedlings and occur sparingly in even the best circumstances.
Most cultivars benefit from full morning sun and appreciate some afternoon shade.
Most cultivars bloom fairly early in the season when there is little competition from other plants.
Most cultivars grow well in partial or filtered shade.
Most cultivars have good root systems.
Most cultivars have loose, open growth habits and leaves that range from smooth to frilly.
Most cultivars hold well on the plant.
Most cultivars pistillate or pistillate-sporadically.
Most cultivars produce an excess of daughter plants.
Most cultivars produce pollen at the time the stigma is receptive.
Most cultivars require intervention to reproduce.
Most cultivars sucker readily from the roots of the parent plant.
Most cultivars tiller profusely and lodge when soil fertility and moisture is plentiful.
Some cultivars are also prone to pre-harvest drop.
Some cultivars are alternate bearing.
Some cultivars are common only locally, while others are found in several countries.
Some cultivars are cooperative in producing wide angled, spreading limbs.
Some cultivars are developed from native trees, others from exotics.
Some cultivars are dwarves no taller than a foot, with other varieties growing upwards of six feet.
Some cultivars are faintly fragrant.
Some cultivars are fragrant.
Some cultivars are more prone to color changes than others.
Some cultivars are more prone to the problem than others.
Some cultivars are more resistant than others.
Some cultivars are more suitable than other for certain groups of mutants.
Some cultivars are more susceptible than others.
Some cultivars are more tolerant of sun than others.
Some cultivars are more tolerant than others.
Some cultivars are more tolerant.
Some cultivars are more upright.
Some cultivars are quite compact.
Some cultivars are resistant.
Some cultivars are self-fertile.
Some cultivars are sensitive to terbacil.
Some cultivars are somewhat resistant to powdery mildew and anthracnose.
Some cultivars are suitable for both the fresh market and processing.
Some cultivars are sun-tolerant, but all do best if they receive shade in the afternoon.
Some cultivars are susceptible to fireblight.
Some cultivars are symptomless however.
Some cultivars bloom a second time in late summer.
Some cultivars bloom and set fruit in alternate years.
Some cultivars bloom more freely if the branches are trained horizontally rather than vertically.
Some cultivars bloom on old wood while some bloom on the current season's growth.
Some cultivars can survive rather low temperatures however.
Some cultivars die within a month of infection.
Some cultivars even exhibit variegated leaves.
Some cultivars exhibit green foliage, variegated with yellow or white stripes.
Some cultivars exhibit no symptoms despite heavy infection.
Some cultivars exhibit small dead spots or flecks on the leaves.
Some cultivars form loose heads, while others have folded leaves and resemble small cabbages.
Some cultivars have a vanilla scent.
Some cultivars have flowers that are shaded with a subtle blending of two or more colors.
Some cultivars have heat and drought tolerance.
Some cultivars have leaves edged in yellow or white.
Some cultivars have leaves variegated with white or yellow.
Some cultivars have many branches, whereas others are relatively unbranched.
Some cultivars have orange flowers.
Some cultivars have persistent fruit.
Some cultivars have purple foliage with a rounded habit.
Some cultivars have yellow or orange fruit.
Some cultivars initiate quickly while others are slower.
Some cultivars produce flowers on the current year's growth, others on the previous year's growth.
Some cultivars produce fruit that is astringent except when fully ripe.
Some cultivars produce good wine while others are acceptable as table grapes.
Some cultivars produce no fruit.
Some cultivars produce only two flowers per stalk while others produce up to six.
Some cultivars seed prolifically and seedlings appear everywhere.
Some cultivars send out suckers, near the base of the plant, which already have their own roots.
Some cultivars shed their pollen before the female flowers are receptive.
Some cultivars show leaf hopper injury that mimics potassium deficiency.
Some cultivars show varying resistance to dutch elm disease.
Some cultivars show white flower streaking, chlorotic spotting of young leaves and stunting.
Some cultivars sucker so vigorously that invasiveness is a problem.
Some cultivars tend to set a heavy crop every other year.
Some cultivars turn purplish-bronze in autumn.
Cultivate Respect Be a peacemaker.
Cultivation of cannabis is also an offence with more severe penalties if there is intent to supply.
Cultivation of cannabis is done indoors, using hydroponic cultivation methods.
Cultivation allows oxygen and moisture to penetrateand reduces weeds before they get big.
Cultivation also changes the soil environment affecting the number and kinds of soil organisms.
Cultivation also controls the larvae by destroying host plants.
Cultivation also controls the larvae by destroying hosts plants.
Cultivation also covers roots with soil, thereby preventing sunburned shoulders or green roots.
Cultivation also destroys soil aggregation.
Cultivation also improves the bitterness of fruit, and the split tree gains adopted richness.
Cultivation also increases the likelihood of phosphorus losses through soil erosion.
Cultivation associated with pasture renovation, and burning are sometimes helpful.
Cultivation becomes limited or impossible leading to a decrease in the harvest of subsistence crops.
Cultivation begins with the first contact between the patient and the physician.
Cultivation begun then is usually most effective.
Cultivation builds trust with prospects before the sale and with clients after the sale.
Cultivation can actually spread troublesome weeds, such as thistle and quackgrass.
Cultivation can also refer to the improvement of a plant species using horticultural techniques.
Cultivation can control weeds between the crop rows.
Cultivation can disperse root fragments.
Cultivation can injure shallow-rooted plants and disturb new seedlings.
Cultivation can result in some soil moisture loss.
Cultivation can severe roots and encourage growth of new shoots.
Cultivation continues inside.
Cultivation controls weeds along with some herbicides.
Cultivation Cultivate the soil around individual plants and between rows.
Cultivation discourages survival, especially of seedlings.
Cultivation does more than simply reduce weed populations.
Cultivation effectively controls seedlings and established plants.
Cultivation effectively controls yellow starthistle.
Cultivation gardenguides .
Cultivation Grows rapidly from seeds and cuttings.
Cultivation Grows readily, from cuttings or seeds.
Cultivation helps break up crusted soils and speeds warming and drying of the soil surface.
Cultivation improves the bitter juice of fruit, and the cleft tree gains adopted richness.
Cultivation includes both monocropping and intercropping systems.
Cultivation is a better and cheaper option.
Cultivation is a complicated process because of the specificity of the plant.
Cultivation is a protection for the wild.
Cultivation is a two-way street.
Cultivation is acculturation
Cultivation is already difficult.
Cultivation is also related to civilization, and that is the beginning of the mistake.
Cultivation is an Eastern concept for mind-body development and transformation.
Cultivation is an effective cultural control method.
Cultivation is an effective means of managing weeds between rows and to a lesser extent within rows.
Cultivation is an effective way to manage weeds early in the season.
Cultivation is an effective, rather inexpensive, but time consuming practice to control weeds.
Cultivation is an extremely effective means of reducing red turnip beetle eggs, larvae, and pupae.
Cultivation is an important process in overcoming the destructive forces of random natural events.
Cultivation is an important tool for postemergence weed control.
Cultivation is another control option for crabgrass that has emerged in corn.
Cultivation is another weed control tool which can be used but avoid root damage.
Cultivation is carried out on the contour or on terraces.
Cultivation is completed in most fields.
Cultivation is confined almost entirely to the narrow coastal strip of rich, alluvial soil.
Cultivation is critical to controlling chickweed in overwintered spinach.
Cultivation is differentiated into dry and wet rice.
Cultivation is difficult but possible by the amateur, and is illegal but hard to detect.
Cultivation is difficult in onions because of their shallow root system.
Cultivation is done with wooden equipment drawn by buffalo.
Cultivation is easier if soil is loose.
Cultivation is easy from root cuttings taken in the winter or late fall.
Cultivation is easy.
Cultivation is either by seed or cutting.
Cultivation is essential if herbicides fail to control weeds.
Cultivation is everything.
Cultivation is exactly the same as for Pachypodium.
Cultivation is extremely hard and extraordinarily serious.
Cultivation is fairly easy in shady moist soil with good drainage.
Cultivation is fairly easy, through bulb transplants or seed.
Cultivation is growth.
Cultivation is important in controlling many small broadleaves.
Cultivation is like going on a date.
Cultivation is limited to licit opium poppy for Romania's pharmaceutical needs.
Cultivation is most effective under dry conditions.
Cultivation is needed after harvest to prevent feral plant establishment.
Cultivation is of the garden type with olive, vine, fig and other fruit-bearing trees predominating.
Cultivation is often necessary.
Cultivation is one's own business, and one's own decision as to what they pursue.
Cultivation is optional depending on herbicides employed, soil types, and irrigation.
Cultivation is our answer to price-sellers and competitors that sell insurance as a commodity.
Cultivation is possible if soybeans are grown as a row crop.
Cultivation is practiced in our everyday life.
Cultivation is practiced while the plants are young.
Cultivation is production.
Cultivation is recorded in Spain by the thirteenth century.
Cultivation is relatively limited.
Cultivation is relatively simple, as Southern live oak seedlings grow fast with ample soil moisture.
Cultivation is restricted to Mediterranean and sub tropical climates.
Cultivation is said to ward off bad dreams and bring good luck.
Cultivation is serious.
Cultivation is similar to that of citrus or stone- fruit trees grown in warmer areas.
Cultivation is simple for the native highbush cranberry.
Cultivation is socialization.
Cultivation is solemn.
Cultivation is sometimes necessary if ash deposits are deep.
Cultivation is the economy of force.
Cultivation is the mechanical preparation of the soil required for the growing of crops or pasture.
Cultivation is the more practical option.
Cultivation is the most practical control for home gardeners.
Cultivation is thus of paramount importance.
Cultivation is to be encouraged.
Cultivation is traceable to ancient China and Egypt.
Cultivation is very much neglected though the soil is very fruitful.
Cultivation is very simple as long as a few basic points are observed.
Cultivation maintains genetic diversity of native plant populations for the future.
Cultivation mounds soil around the base of soybean plants, which promotes new growth of roots.
Cultivation mounds the soil around the base of soybean plants, which promotes new growth of roots.
Cultivation Needs well-drained soil.
Cultivation only works when there is a genuine desire to know the donor better.
Cultivation Propagate by root division or from seeds.
Cultivation Propagate from small, rooted offshoots at the base of the parent plant.
Cultivation readily controls plants on agricultural lands.
Cultivation requires a minimum of energy and labor investment.
Cultivation slowly merges into forest.
Cultivation starts from quite a high starting point.
Cultivation then allows identification by biologic and serum neutralization tests.
Cultivation Use cuttings or young plants to start tarragon.
Cultivation Use fresh seeds to start summer savory as seed viability decreases after one year.
Cultivation works well for annual weeds such as crabgrass or purslane.
Cultivations Wait until ground conditions are suitable before cultivating.
Cultivation often disturbs the natural balance.
Cultivation usually begins after a gift has been made.
Cultivation usually improves yields by loosening the surface.
All cultivation is based on spiritual cultivation.
Most cultivation is centered in the northeastern Shan State.
Most cultivation is in remote mountainous regions.
A cultivator is a farmer
Cultivator Has a long handle and a three- tine head.
Cultivator is good working condition, has a grader blade attachment for light grading.
Cultivators are either electric or gas-powered .
Cultivators are the ranchers, farmers and the frustrated farmers.
Cultivators use few pesticides and other inputs.
Cultivators work at breakneck speed and are always ready to depart when authorities arrive.
Many cultivators face the risk of fire.
Cultural abuse comes from anything that keeps youth from having their needs met.
Cultural abuse takes very personal forms.
Cultural acceptability Encouraging ethnic elders to actively seek services.
Cultural accomplishments can still accumulate while the innate condition of man regresses.
Cultural acknowledgement is piecemeal and at best tokenistic.
Cultural activism can illuminate crucial links between culture, politics, and social agency.
Cultural activities abound in Jackson County.
Cultural activities abound on campus, including plays, concerts, films and lecture series.
Cultural activities abound throughout the year.
Cultural activities abound.
Cultural activities approach the number and variety ordinarily found only in large cities.
Cultural activities are a regional delight.
Cultural activities are also a part of the experience.
Cultural activities are also abundant.
Cultural activities are also plentiful.
Cultural activities are also well catered for in a range of societies.
Cultural activities are an important part of school life.
Cultural activities are another flourishing area.
Cultural activities are another form of expression of people's feelings and aspirations.
Cultural activities are high up on the list of priorities here.
Cultural activities are human activities.
Cultural activities are plentiful on campus and within the city.
Cultural activities are plentiful, varied, and inexpensive.
Cultural activities are plentiful.
Cultural activities are very much in evidence in the Kansas city area.
Cultural activities are within an easy drive from anywhere in the county.
Cultural activities bring out the traditional values in the Indian emigres.
Cultural activities bring together like minds.
Cultural activities can have a significant impact.
Cultural activities expand each student's ability to use English in a variety of situations.
Cultural activities expose the child to basics in geography, history, and life sciences.
Cultural activities including films, concerts, bus excursions and lectures are also available.
Cultural activities including films, concerts, bus excursions and lectures keep students busy, too.
Cultural activities promote awareness of Hispanic music, dance, and food.
Cultural activities span a number of industries and involve many creative processes.
Cultural activity is one of the hallmarks of a healthy and vital community.
All cultural activities become a point of contention shrouded with negativism.
Many cultural activities are also available, including a nationally acclaimed theater and opera.
Many cultural activities are also available.
Cultural adaptation is when they make ethics.
Cultural adaptations are necessary for both parties to get along and do business.
Cultural adjustment is the process that people go through when they go to another culture.
Cultural advantages stimulate the intellect from museums to the marina.
Cultural affairs are a pillar of Canadian foreign policy.
Cultural affiliation is difficult to determine for the occupants of the Praying Towns.
Cultural affiliation is established when the preponderance of the evidence indicates a relationship.
Cultural agencies require administration of historic artifacts and documents, exhibits, and parks.
Cultural amenities abound.
Cultural amenities are convenient, too.
Cultural analysis is a critical part of the strategic military planning and policymaking.
Cultural analysis is an important part of initial project development.
A cultural anthropologist is an anthropologist
Cultural anthropologists are anthropologists.
Cultural anthropologists are connoisseurs of the common.
Cultural anthropologists are interested in investigating contemporary world cultures.
Cultural anthropologists are students of the ordinary, mundane, everyday experience of being human.
Cultural anthropologists are workers.
Cultural anthropologists focus on the explanation of learned behavior.
Cultural anthropologists look at human interaction from many angles, as if through a prism.
Cultural anthropologists seek to understand the internal logic of another society.
Cultural anthropologists study present cultures.
Cultural anthropologists study the culture of contemporary, or recent, groups.
Cultural anthropologists study the customs, cultures, and social lives of groups.
Cultural anthropologists study the customs, values, cultures, and social lives of groups of people.
Cultural anthropologists take a holistic approach to the study of humankind.
Cultural anthropologists use their knowledge to help in the analysis and planning of social change.
Most cultural anthropologists study contemporary societies rather than ancient ones.
Some cultural anthropologists are even more dismissive of the genetic approach.
Cultural anthropology attempts to make the diverse peoples and lifeways of the world understandable.
Cultural anthropology describes and explains variation in human cultural and social types.
Cultural anthropology explores human beliefs and behaviors cross-culturally and historically.
Cultural anthropology focuses on factors including ethnicity, ritual, functionalism, and kinship.
Cultural anthropology has a special holistic perspective .
Cultural anthropology investigates the lore and logic of other cultures.
Cultural anthropology involves the study of contemporary societies.
Cultural anthropology is a fascinating subject, but some of the areas are arid and complicated.
Cultural anthropology is an inquiry into what it means to be human.
Cultural anthropology is anthropology
Cultural anthropology is anthropology.
Cultural anthropology is at a crossroads.
Cultural anthropology is 'close relative' of social anthropology.
Cultural anthropology is emphasized.
Cultural anthropology is the description and analysis of contemporary cultures around the world.
Cultural anthropology is the most consistent and comprehensive cross-cultural social science field.
Cultural anthropology is the most diverse and eclectic of all the social and behavioral disciplines.
Cultural anthropology is the study and comparison of human cultures.
Cultural anthropology is the study of human behavior from a cross-cultural perspective.
Cultural anthropology is the study of human beings as creatures and creators of society.
Cultural anthropology is the study of the organizing principles of human beliefs and practices.
Cultural anthropology stresses the application of theory to practice.
Cultural anthropology studies the innate, shared, and transmitted products of social groups.
Cultural anthropology works to foster cross-cultural understanding and tolerance.
Cultural arts are also popular.
Cultural artefacts are sites of struggle where battles over value and meaning are fought.
Cultural artifact is unlikely, as it was detected in multiple chorionic villi cultures.
Cultural artifacts are the things people make and use.
Every cultural artifact is a potential sujet for critical enquiry and analysis.
Cultural aspects are a highlight of the course.
Cultural aspects are a special focus.
Cultural aspects are also accented.
Cultural aspects are essential in determining the use of mental-health services for crime victims.
Cultural aspects continue to be discussed in class.
Cultural aspects play a huge role in connection between the library and the community it serves.
Some cultural aspects are so different that they are difficult to imagine.
Cultural assessment can enable a company to analyze the gap between the current and desired culture.
Cultural assignments supplement language instruction.
Cultural assimilation can happen either spontaneously or forcibly.
Cultural assimilation involves accepting the symbols through which group identity is expressed.
Cultural assumptions are evident in early intelligence tests.
Cultural assumptions are more difficult.
Cultural attachment runs high in certain beliefs.
Cultural attitudes affect relationships with physicians and other providers.
Cultural attitudes appear to be hardened.
Cultural attitudes are also extremely important.
Cultural attitudes are pervasive.
Cultural attractions abound.
Cultural attractions are diverse.
Cultural audits can become critical in some circumstances.
Cultural awareness continues through the study of French-speaking nations throughout the world.
Cultural awareness continues through the study of Spanish-speaking nations throughout the world.
Cultural awareness continues throughout the study.
Cultural awareness is a good thing.
Cultural awareness is a main emphasis throughout the program for all grade levels.
Cultural awareness is also an important outcome of study for students choosing to minor in Spanish.
Cultural awareness is an essential component of language proficiency.
Cultural awareness is an integral part of the course.
Cultural awareness is another important factor to take into account.
Cultural awareness is behind the strong self-esteem and self respect focus of the program.
Cultural awareness is central to successful family involvement programs.
Cultural awareness is emphasized through the study of various aspects of life in France.
Cultural awareness is emphasized through the study of various aspects of life in Germany.
Cultural awareness is essential in such operations.
Cultural awareness is important to instill a sense of global citizenship and responsibility.
Cultural awareness is initiated through readings and lectures followed by discussions.
Cultural awareness is our goal.
Cultural awareness is promoted through a variety of activities.
Cultural awareness varies among individuals.
Cultural awareness varies within individuals.
More cultural awareness is needed among teachers.
Cultural background helps to determine one's attitudes toward death.
Cultural background is a major influence in how one perceives and reacts to pain.
Cultural background is data.
Cultural background is included with each story.
Cultural background is one of the primary sources of identity.
Cultural barriers add to the disparity between different economic class.
Cultural barriers are more moveable and emphemeral than natural barriers.
Cultural barriers are more subtle, but still important.
Cultural barriers can block people going to a psychiatrist.
Cultural barriers continue to hamper recruitment of women.
Cultural barriers impede acceptance of products in foreign countries.
Cultural barriers impede women's empowerment and income-earning opportunities.
Cultural barriers keep an innovation from being adopted for language, social, or religious reasons.
Cultural barriers limit tobacco users' motivation and efforts to quit.
Cultural barriers play a role.
Cultural behavior can also be spectacularly non-adaptive.
Cultural behavior is what people do.
All cultural behavior is patterned.
Cultural beliefs can bind women to painful, destructive, dangerous relationships.
Cultural beliefs influence behavior.
Cultural beliefs vary widely in different parts of the world.
Some cultural beliefs relate to death.
Cultural bias is real and it's everywhere.
Cultural biases are another issue to take into consideration.
Cultural biases compromise one's ability to make objective evaluations.
Cultural biography attempts to restore humanity to the humanities.
Cultural borrowing occurs along trade routes.
Cultural boundaries are elusive.
Cultural camp is offered every two years at a different community location.
Cultural camps offer summer fun through various genres.
Cultural capital is positively related to school success, in particular to high school grades.
Cultural categories involve different kinds of hierarchies.
Cultural center is Kishinev.
Cultural centers give U community identity.
Cultural centers represent an important educational site for white students.
Cultural centers represent one path toward improving campus race relations.
Cultural change begins like a crack in the wall of our ordered and highly structured existence.
Cultural change can be painful.
Cultural change can often result in a new campus.
Cultural change involves new frames of reference, new ways of acting.
Cultural change is a slow and difficult process.
Cultural change is accomplished at the same time as structural change.
Cultural change is also necessary, but more difficult.
Cultural change is always slow.
Cultural change is an evolutionary process acting on WITs.
Cultural change is as important as technological development.
Cultural change is difficult.
Cultural change is equally dramatic.
Cultural change is one.
Cultural change is required both within universities and commercial firms.
Cultural change is slow and usually painful.
Cultural change is slow, often vexing work that requires patience and hope.
Cultural change results primarily from discovery of new principles.
Cultural change starts at the top.
Cultural change takes time.
Cultural changes have to come first.
Cultural changes occur when implementing seat management.
Cultural changes require time.
Cultural changes take a long period of time.
Cultural changes weaken the importance of children.
Cultural chronology is a moving target.
Cultural citizenship refers to awareness of a common cultural heritage.
Cultural clashes occur when players attempt to decipher the values of the other group.
Cultural classes are available year-round.
Many cultural clubs are there, which conducts monthly stage shows all over the district.
Cultural code becomes a medium for the expression of a more general social reality.
Cultural codes interact here.
Cultural colonialism can co-exist with the economic and political forms of colonialism.
Cultural competence appears essential if psychologists are to deliver the highest quality service.
Cultural competence creates opportunities to pursue excellence in journalism.
Cultural competence demands an approach to service recipients in which assumptions are few.
Cultural competence is a continuous quality improvement process.
Cultural competence is a core element of nursing.
Cultural competence is a process entailing lifelong learning.
Cultural competence is a skill, and perhaps an ability that requires substantial effort to learn.
Cultural competence is an essential attribute of an integrated service delivery system.
Cultural competence is developmental, community focused, and family oriented.
Cultural competence is so important in business, diplomacy, and even tourism.
Cultural competence is the responsibility of the total system.
Cultural competency derives from both moral disposition and specific learned interpersonal skills.
Cultural competency emphasizes the idea of effectively operating in different cultural contexts.
Cultural competency exists on a continuum from being culturally destructive to culturally competent.
Cultural competency is about developing skills.
Cultural competency is based on best business practices, healthy competition and positive outcomes.
Cultural competency is discussed and appropriate methods of practice are analyzed.
Cultural competency means considering many options and being more careful about making judgments.
Cultural complex includes museum, library, and auditorium.
Cultural complexity is enigmatic, improbable, and difficult to maintain.
Cultural concepts based on a concern for personal reality are easier to accept.
Cultural conditioning is the means by which injustices against women are perpetuated and sustained.
Cultural conflict has three dimensions.
Cultural conflict is most common amongst new immigrants and their children.
Cultural conflicts can also affect top management.
Cultural conflicts occur daily in school settings for American Indian children and youth.
Cultural conflicts occur daily in school settings for Hispanic children and youth.
Many cultural conflicts exist between Eastern philosophies and American medical practices.
Cultural connections are a limited guide to political, even existential, reality.
Cultural connections identify the plumed serpent with the quetzal.
Cultural connotations are also a benchmark for determining whether something is classical.
Cultural consciousness becomes a significant component in understanding cultural enclaves.
Cultural conservation is a form of cultural intervention, of interference in a culture by outsiders.
Cultural conservatives grind their teeth at the mere mention of the topic.
Cultural conservatives keep a dark veil covering some of the basic institutions of life.
Many cultural conservatives analogize the abortion issue to the moral struggle against slavery.
Cultural consolidation remains the most important political work of the moment.
Cultural consonance is a practice for envisioning and creating that balance.
Cultural constraint is one of the prime barriers for that generation who fears technophobia.
Cultural constraints add to women's vulnerability.
Cultural constraints are conventions shared by a cultural group.
Most cultural constructs are covert and hidden beneath a veneer of overt behaviors.
Cultural contacts augment out jungle investigations with our naturalist guides.
Cultural content is combined with critical thinking.
Cultural content is introduced through a range of audio-visual materials.
Cultural context includes all the learned behaviors and rules that affect the interaction.
Cultural context is an important consideration in the process of localizing a document.
Cultural context is provided in a number of ways.
Cultural context is vital to making sound business decisions.
Cultural continuity gives sustenance to the study of technology.
Cultural contributions are also welcome.
Cultural control can prevent pest damage.
Cultural control consists mostly of crop rotation with non-host plants.
Cultural control is also vital for effective control.
Cultural control is practised by removing all ripe and infested fruits.
Cultural control is useful in the reduction of sap beetle outbreaks.
Cultural control relies on waste management and good sanitation to reduce fly populations.
Cultural controls are effective when individuals have emotional ties to one another.
Cultural controls are generally the most practical.
Cultural controls are important in management of Russian wheat aphid and other cereal pests.
Cultural controls are necessary such as hand weeding.
Cultural controls are subtle and pervasive system of beliefs and practices.
Cultural controls are very important to crops such as vegetables and fruit.
Cultural controls disrupt the environment of a pest, an example is removal of infected material.
Cultural controls offer the best means of managing oleander aphid infestation on oleander.
Cultural cooperation is also short of the two people's aspirations.
Cultural courses comprise many disciplines.
Cultural courses examine various subjects, such as theatre, art, music, magic and sign language.
Cultural criteria are more than just personal preferences.
Cultural critics have yet to take a close look at the process of turning movies into theater.
Cultural criticism defines voices.
Cultural crossovers are very much a part of the labels' philosophy.
Cultural currency is a child's marketability in the classroom with regards to peer relationships.
Cultural currents cross with intentions - good or otherwise.
Some cultural customs contribute to the large number of infections as well.
Cultural days are part of the programme in both languages.
Cultural decay is rampant.
Cultural decline is no less striking than the socio-economic decay.
Cultural demands are high and the atmosphere is cosmopolitan.
Cultural democracy is also a beautiful idea.
Cultural democracy is therefore a deeply radical idea.
Cultural democracy proposes a cultural life in which everyone is free to participate.
Cultural deprivation complicates mental health problems.
Cultural deprivation is the punishment for disobeying.
Cultural destruction is another threat faced by the indigenous.
Cultural determinants do play a large factor in hex death alone with the victim's own perceptions.
Cultural development is also as important to the well-being of humanity as is economic development.
Cultural development is as important as economic and social development for human well-being.
Cultural development is as important for human well-being as economic and social development.
Cultural development is satisfactory.
Cultural difference play an important role.
Cultural differences account for much of that subjectivity.
Cultural differences add to the tension.
Cultural differences are a touchy subject for most people.
Cultural differences are also interesting to see.
Cultural differences are also very significant.
Cultural differences are at the core of the obstacles to opportunity in the workplace.
Cultural differences are both valid and valuable.
Cultural differences are evident in how non-dominate cultures perceive the dominant society.
Cultural differences are forces of positive creative energy anywhere.
Cultural differences are increasingly salient, within as well as between nations.
Cultural differences are no longer what simply define our community against the rest of the world.
Cultural differences are opportunities to share, rather than deficiencies.
Cultural differences are the second biggest.
Cultural differences are to be considered.
Cultural differences are to be placed in their global and European context, the government claims.
Cultural differences are to live with and to enjoy.
Cultural differences are unique and important because assimilation often equals cultural domination.
Cultural differences are very small.
Cultural differences are wildly exaggerated.
Cultural differences Be sensitive to cultural differences.
Cultural differences become significant.
Cultural differences can account for some major differences in learning styles.
Cultural differences can also be a stumbling block to implementation.
Cultural differences can also favor women overseas, especially when it comes to lifestyle issues.
Cultural differences can also lead to problems - especially between Asian and Western companies.
Cultural differences can be a shock for some students when homesickness sets in.
Cultural differences can be a two-edged sword, though.
Cultural differences can be deadly serious, however.
Cultural differences can extend to body language.
Cultural differences can lead to conflict in the classroom.
Cultural differences can make a multilingual site impractical.
Cultural differences can make or break fast-growth companies.
Cultural differences can present opportunities and challenges.
Cultural differences can result in misunderstandings.
Cultural differences compound the difficulties.
Cultural differences constitute a major obstacle to the definition of a common data schema.
Cultural differences create some confusion and uncertainty for prospective suppliers.
Cultural differences create stress when trying to get along.
Cultural differences create tension.
Cultural differences dissolve as the universal message of caring for children takes hold.
Cultural differences do exist and can cause difficulties in understanding.
Cultural differences do exist and have to be managed.
Cultural differences enrich our organization.
Cultural differences exist in family caregiving situations.
Cultural differences exist.
Cultural differences extend to body language.
Cultural differences grow out of geographic and seasonal differences.
Cultural differences have their origin in the historical and religious background of each country.
Cultural differences increase the risk of misunderstandings and upsets.
Cultural differences interfere with a consistent approach to occupational health and safety issues.
Cultural differences is another example of segregation throughout neighborhoods.
Cultural differences make professional translation extraordinarily important in business documents.
Cultural differences merge in job crosses.
Cultural differences play a big part in video game content.
Cultural differences play a key role in such conflicts.
Cultural differences present both opportunities and challenges for teachers.
Cultural differences remain difficult to calibrate in the dropout equation.
Cultural differences represent different cognitive domains.
Cultural differences require sensitivity on the part of Jesuits.
Cultural differences run deep between city and country, however.
Cultural differences take a long time to absorb.
Many cultural differences lie between cultures in European countries and the American way of life.
Many cultural differences result in misunderstandings and poor relationships.
Some cultural differences are hard to swallow.
Cultural diffusion is the effect that one society has on cultures surrounding it.
Cultural diffusion is the process whereby cultural traits spread from one culture to another.
Cultural discrimination has serious implications regarding the economic health of a community.
Cultural discrimination is very much alive and well.
Some cultural disputes exist between Malaysia and neighbouring countries, notably Indonesia.
Cultural distance involves different ways of seeing the world.
Cultural distortion is a form of violence.
Cultural diversity adds richness and depth to all our lives.
Cultural diversity begins in and needs to preserve a sense of passion and commitment.
Cultural diversity can include sexual orientation, race, and so forth.
Cultural diversity can increase students' understanding of different people and cultures.
Cultural diversity can increase students' understanding of different peoples and cultures.
Cultural diversity can increase students understanding of different peoples and cultures.
Cultural diversity enhances the quality of human achievements.
Cultural diversity enriches our community.
Cultural diversity enriches our lives.
Cultural diversity enriches the educational experience for all students.
Cultural diversity enriches the learning environment.
Cultural diversity enriches the world.
Cultural diversity exists and it enriches our relationship.
Cultural diversity includes issues of gender, race, ethnicity, age, and cultural background.
Cultural diversity increases student understanding of different people and cultures.
Cultural diversity increases students' understanding of different peoples and cultures.
Cultural diversity is a fact of life in the United States today.
Cultural diversity is a major challenge in cancer prevention and control.
Cultural diversity is a positive element that teaches respect and enriches society.
Cultural diversity is a source of creativity.
Cultural diversity is a special characteristic of our strong network.
Cultural diversity is a strength to be valued and respected.
Cultural diversity is a very serious issue effecting the bottom line of any business.
Cultural diversity is absolutely necessary.
Cultural diversity is also evident in the look and lifestyle of New Guinea's residents.
Cultural diversity is an asset to student learning.
Cultural diversity is an environmental stimulus that educates and entertains people.
Cultural diversity is an ideal that nowadays has broadpublic appeal.
Cultural diversity is an institutional priority.
Cultural diversity is as important as bio-diversity.
Cultural diversity is as irreplaceable as environmental diversity.
Cultural diversity is both a fact of life in Canada and a vital Canadian value.
Cultural diversity is British Columbia's strength.
Cultural diversity is broader than ethnic and language considerations alone.
Cultural diversity is celebrated via artistic expression.
Cultural diversity is celebrated.
Cultural diversity is considered in the context of programs of economic development.
Cultural diversity is essential to the adaptability and creativity of the human species as a whole.
Cultural diversity is essential to the health, beauty and survival of humanity.
Cultural diversity is extremely important.
Cultural diversity is important because it affects everyone.
Cultural diversity is important.
Cultural diversity is linked to biodiversity.
Cultural diversity is located in funerals.
Cultural diversity is made more imminent by geographical barriers.
Cultural diversity is more than a buzz word.
Cultural diversity is more than just the current politically correct buzz word.
Cultural diversity is more than racial classification, ethnicity, gender and sexual orientation.
Cultural diversity is more than skin colour or physical characteristics.
Cultural diversity is of utmost importance.
Cultural diversity is one of Australia s greatest assets and strengths.
Cultural diversity is one of the most important things in the workplace today.
Cultural diversity is portrayed as well as varying socioeconomic status.
Cultural diversity is promoted and respected.
Cultural diversity is recognized and appreciated.
Cultural diversity is recognized, and freedom of religion and belief guaranteed.
Cultural diversity is respected.
Cultural diversity is supported through an anti-bias and multicultural environment for all children.
Cultural diversity is the area with the greatest emphasis.
Cultural diversity is the heart and soul of Canada.
Cultural diversity is the requirement of the new millennium.
Cultural diversity is to be respected by all personnel.
Cultural diversity is under consideration as the focus of Civil Rights training.
Cultural diversity is valued and all childrens' backgrounds are respected.
Cultural diversity is very apparent and honored.
Cultural diversity is very important in today's world.
Cultural diversity is very real.
Cultural diversity is what makes up India, which is evident with the many different states.
Cultural diversity is, at best, irrelevant or, at worst, a hindrance to faith.
Cultural diversity promotes full development of the individual and society.
Cultural diversity recognizes personal differences and is an integral part of marketing.
Cultural diversity requires a diversity of churches.
Cultural diversity scatters people, it divides people and creates misunderstandings.
Cultural drift can be a dangerous thing.
Cultural drift is a process roughly analogous to genetic drift in evolutionary biology.
Cultural ecology analyzes the interrelationship of environment, subsistence, and society.
Cultural ecology is now an indivisible and central part of the global communication debate.
Cultural ecology is the study of human adaptations to social and physical environments.
Cultural elements are also inseparable from the material context.
Cultural elements are stres sed as a context for the assimilation of the language.
Many cultural elements are apparent in the novel.
Cultural elites live by the euphemism that hides the nasty means to their right-thinking ends.
Cultural elites remain well to the left of more traditional leadership groups on most issues.
Most cultural elites celebrate homosexuality.
Cultural emphases can affect personality change.
Cultural emphasis is on the modern world with readings from contemporary sources.
Cultural encounters are also often appalling.
Most cultural encounters fail in treating others as a valuable and necessary resource.
Much cultural endeavour is associated with articulating the interplay of values.
Cultural enrichment lies in learning to speak another language.
Cultural entertainment is the privilege of a selected few.
Cultural erosion is a problem worldwide.
Cultural ethics are a major influence on peoples decisions and the way they think and act.
Cultural eutrophication can result in algal blooms.
Cultural eutrophication describes human-generated fertilization of water bodies.
Cultural eutrophication is a form of water pollution .
Cultural eutrophication is defined as nutrient-enrichment of an ecosystem by human influences.
Cultural eutrophication is the accelerated aging of a lake as a result of human activities.
Cultural eutrophication is the Earth's most widespread water quality problem.
Cultural eutrophication leads to an exhaustion of oxygen supply in the water.
Cultural event contains at least two distinct moves.
Cultural events abound in Greater Miami.
Cultural events abound in the region.
Cultural events aimed at awareness and appreciation are therefore our secondary consideration.
Cultural events are a regular feature during the summer.
Cultural events are already on sale for the Olympics.
Cultural events are an important contribution to the community.
Cultural events are expensive.
Cultural events are open to the public and are free, unless otherwise noted.
Cultural events are popular, too.
Cultural events -Concert for the participants in the conference and the summer institute.
Cultural events emphasize differences in art, food, clothing and lifestyles.
Cultural events passes for plays, musicals, museums, etc, available for check-out at libraries.
Cultural events play an important role in the overall development of the community.
Cultural events receive much support throughout the greater Venice area.
Cultural events tell our story.
All cultural events are free and open to students, unless otherwise noted.
Many cultural events take place in Israel.
Most cultural events take place in the spring and summer.
Cultural evidence is equally double-sided.
Cultural evolution can be very rapid in some areas.
Cultural evolution can happen much faster than biologic evolution.
Cultural evolution can occur within a generation.
Cultural evolution is a major concern of archaeology.
Cultural evolution is an inevitable consequence of mans biological evolution.
Cultural evolution is as much part of evolution as are genes.
Cultural evolution is due to the cumulative effect of culture.
Cultural evolution is examined through many common household items.
Cultural evolution is fast, but has operated over a brief period of time.
Cultural evolution is Lamarckian because acquired characteristics are inherited.
Cultural evolution is much more rapid than biological evolution.
Cultural evolution is part of the biological sciences.
Cultural evolution outpaces biological evolution by orders of magnitude.
Cultural exchange is an invaluable experience for the families and the students.
Cultural exchange is currently the only way to reach out to Cuba.
Cultural exchange is fascinating and eye-opening.
Cultural exchange is one of the objectives.
Cultural exchange is part of the project as well.
Cultural exchanges are an essential part of relations with Budapest.
Cultural exchanges are the life-blood of a museum like the one which they have here in Lyon.
Cultural exchanges take place when they do.
Cultural exclusion is devious, often wrapping itself in the language of flag and family and Bible.
Cultural excursions are also a large part of our program.
Cultural exhibits representing all five Nordic countries appear throughout the year.
Cultural exhibits representing all five Nordic countries occur throughout the year.
Cultural expectation is for boys to masturbate early in adolescence.
Cultural expectations create social reality.
Cultural experience begins with creative living first manifested as play.
Cultural experiences are diverse and exciting.
Cultural experiences can enhance the richness of life.
Cultural experiences come in all shapes and sizes in Seymour.
Cultural experiences enhance and enrich the learning experience.
Cultural experiences play a major role in the development and expression of cognitive functioning.
Some cultural experts are high profile.
Cultural exploration promotes the use of research tools in the library.
Cultural expressions are a common part of the school curriculum.
Cultural factors are also critical.
Cultural factors are at the heart of the issue.
Cultural factors are clearly important.
Cultural factors are no more and no less significant in Africa than they are elsewhere.
Cultural factors are perhaps paramount.
Cultural factors are really important but nebulous and hard to deal with.
Cultural factors are significant and widespread.
Cultural factors can also affect wheelchair design.
Cultural factors can influence the children response to traumatic events.
Cultural factors can lend insight to the behavior of nations.
Cultural factors can manifest quite individually.
Cultural factors influence performance and school systems differ.
Cultural factors influence problems.
Cultural factors influence responses.
Cultural factors play a role in spider mite population build-up.
Cultural factors play a role, too.
Cultural factors seem to modify the clinical manifestations of mood disorders.
Many cultural factors intensify the midlife transition and help cause it to become a crisis.
Many cultural factors mitigate the education of girls in the country.
Some cultural factors affect deliveries.
Cultural features can also be helpful.
Most cultural features appear as a steely blue-gray.
Cultural Festival starts with minifair of arts and crafts at the post office.
Cultural festivals are a frequent occurrence.
Cultural festivals are popular throughout the world.
Cultural festivities integrate food, flair The lights dim.
Cultural fit has higher stakes for dotcoms.
Cultural fit is most of it.
Cultural floor show four nights a week as well as nightly entertainment.
Cultural foci are Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, and Scandinavia.
Cultural forces act more quickly and unpredictably than any biological force.
Cultural forms inhibit the resistance process.
Cultural freedom has red lines.
Cultural fruit demands theological roots.
Cultural fusion paves the way towards a positive future.
Cultural gaps are a salient educational issue in today's increasingly multi-cultural societies.
Cultural genocide is the law of the land.
Cultural geographers can seriate features on the landscape.
Cultural geographers locate the when and where a new idea or innovation first appeared in a culture.
Cultural geographers look at how cultures change in different climates.
Cultural geographers seek to unravel the mysteries of human economic and cultural difference.
Cultural geography consists of cultural area, cultural history, and cultural ecology.
Cultural geography examines how place shapes culture and how cultures shape place.
Cultural geography is another broad subfield of human geography.
Cultural geography is how human beings and the landscape interact.
Cultural geography is of great interest to children.
Cultural geography is the scientific study of the human-land relationship.
Cultural globalisation means global feminism, freeing women everywhere.
Cultural groups are generally mutually exclusive of one another.
Cultural groups are often at a competitive disadvantage because they have no uniform standards.
Cultural groups are strong.
Cultural groups are very critical to future development of people s struggle.
Cultural groups define disability differently.
Cultural groups express grief in different ways.
Cultural groups have to agree on what a cat is.
Cultural groups sponsor ballet, opera, symphony orchestra, and theater programs.
Many cultural groups exist as well as a Jewish press that publishes several papers and journals.
Many cultural groups observe specific birthdays with special celebrations.
Many cultural groups place high value on heterosexuality and denigrate or outlaw homosexuality.
Some cultural groups consider it all right for close relatives to marry.
Cultural growth is equally as important as economic growth.
Cultural growth is important as well.
Cultural healing is a rapid process.
Cultural healing takes place in a well-planned communal intervention.
Cultural hegemony creates a homogenous mass culture.
Cultural heritage can increase community appeal and stabilize property values.
Cultural heritage changes woman's view of life.
Cultural heritage is a significant ingredient in the development of social groups.
Cultural heritage is also important to a vital society.
Cultural heritage is developed through experience.
Cultural heritage is the total sum of religious beliefs and traditional concepts.
Cultural heritage is very important in China.
Cultural heritage means many things to many people.
Cultural heritages are more than ancient relics and what one's elders tell one.
Cultural historians attribute the resurgent popularity in part to globalization and the Internet.
Cultural history abounds in the remnants of sawmills and past human cultures.
Cultural history is included.
Cultural history is the history of meanings.
Cultural history merges with current issues.
Cultural holdings are equally rich.
Cultural homes can have a center or living quarters attached .
Cultural homes can have a center or living quarters attached.
Cultural icons are often timeless , imprinted in our consciousness .
Cultural icons are often timeless, imprinted in our consciousness.
Some cultural icons are here, including some webbed peeples and . . .
Cultural identification is crucial to self-understanding and identity.
Cultural identities play an ever more important role in international business.
Cultural identity becomes a consumer choice.
Cultural identity is a good thing, and material well-being is also a good thing.
Cultural identity is a state of mind and heart.
Cultural identity is important for ordinary people in a different way.
Cultural identity is made up of many things.
Cultural identity is more important and of more lasting value.
Cultural identity is nebulous, eternally in flux.
Cultural immaturity is a kind of big-time bad manners.
Cultural immersion is encouraged.
Cultural immersion is facilitated by Spanish language instruction and homestays with local families.
Cultural immersion suffers from two fatal errors.
Cultural imperialism can take the form of an active, formal policy or a general attitude.
Cultural imperialism is an important challenge to the Inuit way of life.
Cultural imperialism is the conquest of one culture by another.
Cultural implications abound.
Cultural implications are large here.
Cultural implications involve shared beliefs, knowledge, values and norms.
Cultural independence is meaningless unless the independent culture expresses something.
Cultural indicators are also obviously important, but can be problematic.
Cultural industries involve, by definition, criteria other than the purely economic.
Cultural industry means the combination of creativity and economic production.
Cultural influences are much more readily available.
Cultural influences are so powerful, often because they are so subtle.
Cultural influences contribute greatly to many factors at the root of most eating disorders.
Cultural influences distort young women's self worth and esteem.
Cultural informants are precious.
Cultural information is different from scientific information.
Cultural information is included.
Cultural information is incorporated throughout the course.
Cultural information is presented through written texts and audio-visual materials.
Cultural information is studied more in depth.
Cultural information is suitable for growing other wild species.
Cultural infrastructures have an important role to play in cities.
Cultural inheritance is called legacy .
Cultural inheritance is called legacy.
Cultural inheritance is carried in the meanings of artifacts and practices.
Cultural innovators use the artificial to make something new.
Cultural inquiry can easily fit within traditional curricular areas.
Cultural insecurity is another dimension of the larger condition of our age.
Cultural insensitivity can create a barrier between the health care provider and the patient.
Cultural insight enriches a fascinating mystery.
Cultural institutions are a key component of effective education and vibrant communities.
Cultural institutions are frameworks of meaning.
Cultural institutions do revive a community's economy.
Cultural institutions reflect current issues of society.
Cultural institutions serve a critically important function in our society.
Cultural institutions stand to gain more clientele who can afford to donate money and attend events.
Cultural integrity is maintained while the individual participates in the larger social network.
Cultural interaction gives life beauty, richness and variety.
Cultural interests can be anything from music to a family heirloom.
Cultural interests multiply.
Cultural involvement is promoted through choir, recorder, dance groups and speech contests.
Cultural issues are sluggish in nature.
Cultural issues are very important for understanding family violence and for intervention.
Cultural issues are very much a part of personal identity and far broader issues regarding power.
Cultural issues can also affect how individuals work on virtual teams.
Cultural issues can be a preference.
Cultural issues play a critical role in defining appropriate approaches.
Cultural issues present a sometimes difficult to identify and understand problems in understanding.
Some cultural issues relate to war.
Cultural journalism is a vehicle to promote such understanding.
Cultural kinship is the foundation for the sensitive art works.
Cultural knowledge involves searching for hidden meaning or rationale for a behavior.
Cultural knowledge is important also to the success of international programs of any kind.
Cultural knowledge is understood to be a form of knotting, of crossing and return, as well.
Cultural knowledge tends to be ambiguous, flexible, and negotiable.
Cultural landscape changes continuously .
Cultural landscape covers how transportation has reshaped the built environment in the local area.
Cultural landscapes are deeply historic.
Cultural landscapes consist of topography, vegetation, structures, and and settlement patterns.
Cultural landscapes reflect American Indian history.
Cultural leadership is a kind of leadership that medium-sized or even smaller countries can provide.
Cultural life abounds in Bloomington.
Cultural life flows with a richness and diversity.
Cultural life has a Yiddish bent but Hebrew is popular too.
Cultural life is abundant and well in Lexington.
Cultural life is alive and well in Lexington.
Cultural life is on high level in the school.
Cultural life is spiritual life.
Cultural life is supported by many local organisations.
Cultural life is the soul of a community.
Cultural life is varied and rich.
Cultural life provides a pressure that has stimulated new themes and ways of looking at things.
Cultural life takes the form of theatre, opera and concerts.
Cultural line features kycult.
Cultural links are at the bottom.
Cultural listings are free.
Cultural literacy comprises the major texts and documents of Western civilization.
Cultural literacy is equally important.
Cultural literacy is the second.
Cultural literacy means consideration for the context of art.
Cultural literacy requires detailed knowledge about the oppression of racial minorities.
Cultural losses tend to be always ignored.
Cultural management is the key to control.
Cultural material is inherent in the readings.
Cultural material is introduced.
Cultural material is presented,and there is more freedom of expression, both oral and written.
Cultural materialism allows diverse political motivation.
Cultural materialists say the infrastructure of social body is production and reproduction.
Cultural matters are largely generational matters.
Any cultural means has a general functional nature.
Cultural meaning is determined by a system of constitutive rules.
Cultural meanings are common, shared, worked out together.
Cultural mechanisms shape what teachers want to do.
Cultural memes are responsiblefor culture, religion, and other societal beliefs.
Cultural memes rely on programming emotional responses into a person.
Cultural metaphors are like stories, symbols or ideas that are common to humanity.
Cultural methods can also affect armyworm populations.
Cultural methods can help reduce plant losses caused by flea beetles.
Cultural methods can help to reduce plant losses from flea beetles.
Cultural mindsets change only slowly.
Cultural minorities are underrepresented among primary teachers.
Cultural miscegenation happens all the time.
Cultural models are as much an issue in libraries as in corporations and academia.
Cultural models are in a way learned unconsciously.
Cultural models recount the ecstatic and the mundane, the sacred and the profane.
Cultural modules offer increasing specialisation.
Cultural mores are often incompatible with certification programs.
Cultural mores dictate that one stand very close to the person with whom one is interacting.
Cultural mores tend to be upheld.
Cultural movement drives retail innovation.
Cultural movement is movement
Cultural myths can get in the way of transformation of thoughts.
Cultural nationalism drives the antagonism faced by blacks and other minorities.
Cultural norms affect oral communication in classroom.
Cultural norms are among the obstacles to the proper implementation of management control systems.
Cultural norms can affect care after entry into the system as well.
Cultural norms can also run counter to open disclosure.
Cultural norms can inculcate bad practices.
Cultural norms dictate a comfortable distance for interaction with others.
Cultural norms dictate what the participants feel comfortable with.
Cultural norms have a bearing on time allocation.
Cultural norms reflect beliefs.
Cultural norms seem to have little influence on the incidence of homosexual behavior.
All cultural norms are an abstraction of architecture that existed before man.
Cultural obstacles are another factor.
Cultural offerings abound in the summer, with many events moving outdoors.
Cultural offerings are many and varied.
Cultural opportunities abound in both Nashville and Rutherford County.
Cultural opportunities abound in our area.
Cultural opportunities abound in the area.
Cultural opportunities abound in the city of Seattle.
Cultural opportunities abound.
Cultural opportunities are also in abundance.
Cultural opportunities are as vital to citizens of a modern city as streets and parks.
Cultural opportunities are excellent and affordable.
Cultural opportunities are many in Guadalajara.
Cultural opportunities are numerous and include museums, concert halls, art centers, and theaters.
Cultural opportunities are numerous as well.
Cultural opportunities are numerous on the mid-shore including concerts, drama and lectures.
Cultural opportunities are numerous.
Cultural opportunities range from urbane to rustic, from cosmopolitan to country.
Many cultural opportunities exist in Arlington itself.
Cultural organizations can play a major role in that effort.
Cultural organizations educate our residents and attract new people to our city.
Cultural organizations tend to work in isolation from one another.
Cultural orientation focuses on French-speaking populations in Europe and Canada.
Cultural orientation is derived from oconus experience.
Cultural orientation is labor intensive and takes up much staff time.
Cultural patterns die hard.
Cultural patterns emphasize tradition.
Cultural patterns exist becaus e they work.
Cultural perceptions fade away.
Cultural perspectives can cause very different interpretations of the same situation.
Cultural pluralism gets wistful for certitudes.
Cultural pluralism is more than a temporary accommodation to please racial and ethnic minorities.
Cultural pluralism shapes the context in two ways.
Cultural policy is no longer an afterthought on governmental and policy agendas.
Cultural practices afford adequate control for a number of key pests.
Cultural practices are also factors in the learning process.
Cultural practices are also important.
Cultural practices are conducted to maintain good growth and production.
Cultural practices are designed to maintain good growth and production.
Cultural practices are helpful in avoiding aphid infestations.
Cultural practices are helpful in avoiding aphid populations.
Cultural practices are most important in shothole borer control.
Cultural practices are of value in management of nutrients, weeds, diseases, or insects.
Cultural practices are the same as for lettuce, making it an easy crop to grow in the home garden.
Cultural practices are very important in the prevention of bronze birch borer injury.
Cultural practices can also be a very important part of control.
Cultural practices can fight pepper diseases.
Cultural practices can go a long way toward preventing pythium blight.
Cultural practices can have a big impact on thatch.
Cultural practices can have a significant impact on the control of spider mites.
Cultural practices can help control the spread of cedar-apple rust.
Cultural practices can help encourage rooting of plants such as trees and turf.
Cultural practices can help reduce disease outbreaks.
Cultural practices can help.
Cultural practices can impact poinsettia stem strength.
Cultural practices can influence root development for better transplanting success.
Cultural practices can influence the susceptibility of lawn grasses to insect pests.
Cultural practices can reduce disease severity.
Cultural practices can reduce the severity of powdery mildew.
Cultural practices can reduce wild oat stands at minimal cost.
Cultural practices employ a trellis, or, traditionally, old tree stumps or living tree posts.
Cultural practices favoring rapid shoot growth increase the plants' susceptibility to attack.
Cultural practices have a major effect on winter survival of all winter wheat varieties.
Cultural practices have an important role in determining fruit quality and storage potential.
Cultural practices help maintain weed-free pastures.
Cultural practices involve timing of cutting and modification of harvest equipment.
Cultural practices make matters worse.
Cultural practices play an important role in pest management for organic vegetable producers.
Cultural practices provide another method for at least partial control of wheat rust epidemics.
Cultural practices provide the most effective means of preventing centipede decline.
Cultural practices require specific approaches in order to achieve sustainable results.
Cultural practices save no one.
Cultural practices Select the best site .
Cultural practices survive in spite of laws if the community is large and distinct enough.
Cultural practices unlock our human potential.
Cultural practices vary considerably between Northern and Southern States.
Cultural practices vary from country to country.
Many cultural practices can reduce pests by making their environment less favorable.
Some cultural practices provide broad-spectrum disease management.
Cultural prejudice can be present in our churches.
Cultural prejudices are nothing new.
Cultural preservation provides a window to our past, and is ultimately important to our people.
Cultural pressures are subtle but powerful.
Cultural pride is a vital element in the formation of one's identity and feeling of self-worth.
Cultural pride is very important in Zimbabwe.
Cultural primatology comes of age.
Cultural principles ought to help families on and up.
Cultural problem arises when there is a preference for one gender.
Cultural problems are acute when exchange involves the countries of the former Soviet Union.
Cultural problems arise when houseplant are subjected to adverse growing conditions.
Cultural processes link the past to future expectations.
Cultural producers work like anyone else.
Cultural products are fundamental to our sense of Canadian identity and community.
Cultural products have meaning and are thus ethnocentric.
Most cultural products flow from the U.S. to the rest of the world.
Cultural production is as important to the future well-being of Australia as primary production.
Cultural programs enhance the existing instructional program.
Cultural programmes celebrate the arrival of the vasanta season or spring.
Cultural programming has to reflect our very diverse community, which is growing more so each day.
Cultural programming includes music, dance, theater, and films.
Cultural property belongs to the cultural group, rather than to an individual.
Cultural property belongs to the group rather than to an individual.
Cultural property consists of individual objects or aggregate collections.
Cultural psychology is a relative newcomer to the area.
Cultural psychology meets evolutionary psychology.
Cultural pursuits are at the forefront, beginning early in the year with the Bermuda Festival.
Cultural pursuits flourish in Palatine.
Many cultural pyramids are now available.
Cultural readings center on Italy today.
Cultural readings promote interest in Spanish-speaking countries and their people and customs.
Some cultural realm affects demographic patterns.
Some cultural realm affects patterns.
Cultural references are ubiquitous.
All cultural references are redundant.
Cultural relations are also advantageous to both countries.
Cultural relations are necessary, but they demand a lot of expenses.
Cultural relationships continue to broaden with cross border partnerships.
Cultural relativism argues that all who say they have claim to the land, have such a claim.
Cultural relativism claims to be based on a scientific view of morals.
Cultural relativism is a dangerous tool.
Cultural relativism is indeed evil.
Cultural relativism is the attitude that other ways of doing things are different but equally valid.
Cultural relativism provides a possibility for achieving peace.
Cultural relativism says both truth and value are relative.
Cultural relativism says that all human action is relative to the culture where the action happens .
Cultural relativism says that all human action is relative to the culture where the action happens.
Cultural relativity can soften the bite, a bit.
Cultural relativity is defensible and attractive.
Cultural relativity is the logical outcome.
Cultural renewal begins with individual hearts being renewed.
Cultural renewal is important for our country.
Cultural requirements are basically the same as for all vine crops.
Cultural requirements are few and simple.
Cultural requirements are the same as for members of the cucurbit family.
Cultural requirements are the same as for other members of the cucurbit family.
Cultural resource records north of Phoenix.
Cultural resources abound.
Cultural resources are also available from many of the following sites.
Cultural resources are an integral part of federal lands and require appropriate management.
Cultural resources are fragile, irreplaceable, and protected by law.
Cultural resources is a broad term to include archaeological resources and historic sites.
Cultural resources provide insights to the relationship between people and their environments.
Cultural resources provide many important public benefits.
Most cultural resources are unique and nonrenewable.
Cultural responsiveness is a criterion for quality practice.
Many cultural restaurants are available.
Most cultural restrictions center on food preparation, such as avoiding uncooked, unprocessed foods.
Cultural rhythms are deep and move slowly, while commerce and money trading moves swiftly.
Cultural rhythms are very different from the rhythms of commerce that dominate our world today.
Cultural rituals help American Japanese hang onto their roots .
Cultural roots are as important to agriculture as plant roots.
Cultural Roots ca.
Cultural routes interconnect Europe's inhabitants and underpin their identity.
Cultural rudeness is unacknowledged shadow.
Cultural rupture is often a necessary aspect of the entrenchment of respect for human rights.
Cultural schools struggling with increased IUSD fees Go to story.
Cultural sector is totally desolate.
Cultural secularization goes hand in hand with what sociologists describe as modernization.
Cultural security leads to an openness to the world.
Cultural segregation is probably just as bad as racism.
Cultural selection operates directly to produce changes in the society as a whole.
Cultural sensitivities are to be recognized and respected.
Cultural sensitivity goes a bit further though.
Cultural sensitivity includes ensuring acceptable product names.
Cultural sensitivity is addressed in our teacher standards and is a core element of our mission.
Cultural sensitivity is also important for international business to be successful.
Cultural sensitivity is an ongoing process that continues to develop over time.
Cultural sensitivity is as important as technical expertise in many international operations.
Cultural sensitivity is developed in the program.
Cultural sensitivity is essential.
Cultural sensitivity is everyone's job and everyone's responsibility.
Cultural sensitivity is imperative.
Cultural sensitivity is important for effectively communicating with applicants.
Cultural sensitivity is key to improving communication.
Cultural sensitivity is prerequisite for personal, comprehensive nursing care.
Cultural sensitivity is respect for the identity of other cultures.
Cultural services are particularly difficult to assign value to.
Cultural sharing is one of the important highlights of the summer.
Cultural shocks are still present.
Cultural significance is a concept which helps in estimating the value of places.
Cultural signification subtracts.
Many cultural sites tend to be large and graphic intensive.
Most cultural sites are within a half an hour travel time.
Cultural slurs are a part of a mixed society like the United States.
Cultural space is thus increasingly synonymous with areas smaller than the nation-state.
Cultural statistics cover religion, languages and ethnic groups worldwide.
Cultural stereotypes are a form of invalidation.
Cultural stereotypes can affect memory performance.
Cultural stereotypes have an amazingly long life span.
Cultural strategies reduce weed densities in summer annual crops.
Cultural structures affect behavior patterns because most people follow norms prescribed by society.
Cultural studies analyses the role of expertise throughout society.
Cultural studies combines issues of creativity with questions of power.
Cultural studies complement the language study.
Cultural studies continue.
Cultural studies emphasize the universal needs of human beings and an appreciation of diversity.
Cultural studies focus on contemporary French literature.
Cultural studies is a rich line of inquiry for literature and environment students.
Cultural studies is at the forefront of intellectual inquiry today.
Cultural studies is concerned with questions of meaning, identity, production and consumption.
Cultural studies is in a position to do it, because it has already shown that it can do it.
Cultural studies is one such discourse.
Cultural studies offers a way of making it socially acceptable to discuss the Other.
Cultural study focuses on Spanish-speaking America.
Cultural Subjects are introductory or interdisciplinary.
Cultural syncretism is a primary form of syncretism, increasingly important in cultural politics.
Cultural synthesis is no longer possible.
Cultural systems can reduce reporductive potential of winter annual grasses.
Every cultural system seems logical and sensible to the members of that culture.
Cultural taboos are a factor.
Cultural tactics can also help corn suppress Canada thistle.
Cultural techniques are the same as for other squashes.
Cultural techniques can help reduce the risk of foliar blight outbreaks.
Cultural terms Match the set of terms with their category.
Cultural themes are less common and works in the oral history genre rare.
Cultural themes are specific indicators of a common belief structure in the police occupation.
Cultural themes represent common beliefs in the police occupation.
Cultural theorists disagree on how culture functions in a society.
Cultural theory demands answers, or at least an engagement with the issues.
Cultural therapy focuses on the enduring self and the situated self.
Cultural time is known as clocktime.
Cultural topics are culinary arts and oral tradition.
Cultural topics are cultural comparisons, community, traditional rhymes and games, and newspapers.
Cultural topics are myths, prejudice and stereotypes.
Cultural topics focus on the customs and traditions of the people of the Spanish-speaking world.
Cultural tours are available with advance notice.
Cultural tourism can finance preservation of cultural heritage.
Cultural tourism focuses on experiencing the arts, culture, heritage, and unique aspects of a place.
Cultural tourism has great potential as a niche market.
Cultural tourism is a good move.
Cultural tourism is buoyant.
Cultural tourism is especially big business in Massachusetts.
Cultural tourism is especially dependent on a mix of older building types.
Cultural tourism is now big business around the world.
Cultural tourism is one of the fastest-growing sectors of the economy.
Cultural tourism is predicted to become even more important to the tourist industry in the future.
Cultural tourism is ranked as the fastest growing sector of the travel and tourism industry.
Cultural tourism is the leading reason cited by travelers for visiting a community.
Cultural tourism is the tourism industry equivalent of cause-related marketing.
Cultural tourism remains almost unexploited.
Cultural tourists are among the fastest growing groups in the travel business.
Cultural tourists spend more money and take longer trips than other tourists.
Cultural tourists visit the area for longer and spend more money than other tourists.
Cultural tradition is still very strong in some rural communities.
Cultural tradition runs deep, imposing strong and tacit influences upon our present consciousness.
Cultural traditions affect the ways that land is used, occupied, and shaped.
Cultural traditions are significant in the Endless Mountains.
Cultural traditions are the second layer of acetate that impacts both.
Cultural traditions are very important.
Cultural traditions can help weave more sustainable lifestyles into the fabric of civilizations.
Cultural traditions form the foundation of a people's identity.
Cultural traditions have a marked influence on their behaviour.
Cultural traditions is also strong in several areas such as chanting and handicraft.
Cultural traditions live on here to day with summer concerts.
Cultural traditions show up in festivals, landscape design and structures, and symbols.
Cultural traits alter the social and physical environments under which genetic selection operates.
Cultural traits are the objects, ideas, behaviors, and other characteristics of a culture.
Cultural traits tend to have a genetic base.
Cultural transition Entering a foreign market poses several barriers for a U.S. firm.
Cultural transitions occur when mind parasites Learn new tricks.
Cultural treasures are plentiful.
Cultural treasures have to be handed back or compensated.
Cultural treatments affect growth, volume, and survival of sweetgum, sycamore, and loblolly pine.
Most cultural trends oscillate back and forth rather than sticking to one trend forever.
Cultural understanding helps to nourish and keep the vision alive no matter what generation.
Cultural understanding is another aim, according to park officials.
Cultural understanding is at once expansive and inclusive.
Cultural understanding is more important than ever before, especially for children.
Cultural understanding is rooted in language ability and experience .
Cultural understanding requires awareness of the different ways people perceive actions and words.
Cultural universals are features of personality that are common to everyone in all cultures.
Cultural validation is needed for students' self-esteem and psychosocial adjustment.
Cultural values affect sensitivity to crowding.
Cultural values are A. rules that specify or prohibit certain behaviors in specific situations.
Cultural values are apparent in every story, essay, and poem.
Cultural values are very different around the world.
Cultural values can exist in the most technologically advanced spaces, without challenge.
Cultural values can include scenic and historic values.
Cultural values encompass recreational, scientific, historic and scenic dimensions.
Cultural values express what people believe the organization wants to happen.
Cultural variables show that an innovative culture is likely to be characterized by the following.
Cultural variation is integrated throughout.
Cultural variations exist and divisions are frequently made along racial and socio-economic lines.
Cultural videos focus on Mexico, and are geared for two different audiences.
Cultural visits are also available.
Cultural walks are also organized to visit important and unknown sites.
Cultural warfare is something the United States is more likely to do to others.
Cultural wellness is concerned with diversity.
Cultural wellness is concerned with the promotion of cultural awareness and appreciation.
Cultural wisdom goes beyond dancing, food, attire, or other artistic displays.
Cultural works are either acts of resistance or acts enabling the status quo-and sometimes both.
Cultural workers have unique access to the media and to people's attention.
Culture change can occur internally or externally.
Culture change is a key objective of the reform project.
Culture change is evolution and revolution.
Culture change is hard, but has the biggest payoffs.
Culture change is part thrill and part survival.
Culture change is the key challenge .
Culture changes require a vision change and that has to come out of the boardroom.
All culture change is essentially technology driven.
Culture clashes are good for laughs.
Culture clashes are inevitable.
Some culture clashes resolve themselves in powerful and enduring art.
Culture collections are possible sources for virulent strains.
Culture collections have stringent regulations on storage, recording and distribution.
Culture Collections Seek Global Help.
Culture conflicts are real.
Culture conversion is the most important objective measure of response to treatment.
Culture jammers answer to that name.
Culture jammers depend on free access to the Net.
Culture jammers expose the deceptions and abuses that often are at the heart of such efforts.
Culture jamming can do serious damage to a corporation's brand.
Culture jamming is a broad and diverse movement which operated on many levels.
Culture jamming is just a way to reclaim our lives and do away with the spectacle.
Culture jamming is the use of parody and satire against ads.
A culture medium is food
Many culture media exist and various liquid and cell cultures are available for some organisms.
Most culture media contain bicarbonate and the buffering system is carbon dioxide - bicarbonate.
Culture ministers plan campaign against lack of teachers Berlin.
Culture policy is an important part of foreign policy Bonn.
Culture regions are particular kinds of maps that simplify a perplexing planet.
A culture shock is disorientation
Culture shock Bring cash and lots of reading material.
Culture shock can also cause feelings of sadness.
Culture shock can be either amusing or traumatic on both sides.
Culture shock can be traumatic and affect career performance.
Culture shock can be very real.
Culture Shock can cause intense discomfort, bitterness, resentment, homesickness, and depression.
Culture shock is a fact of life for missionaries entering a foreign field for the first time.
Culture shock is a phenomenon which affects all foreigners to Korea.
Culture shock is a state of anxiety that results from cross-cultural misunderstanding.
Culture shock is a type of homesickness.
Culture shock is definitely a serious condition that needs to be watched, and checked upon.
Culture shock is due to a number of factors.
Culture shock is inevitable as one goes from one culture to another.
Culture shock is inherently neither good nor bad.
Culture shock is just why one wants to see historical films.
Culture shock is less a problem, however, than the challenges of the marriage relationship.
Culture shock is more than just being homesick.
Culture shock is one of the foremost fears in the minds of an international student.
Culture shock is real and happens to everyone.
Culture shock is really people shock.
Culture shock is technology's lifeblood.
Culture shock is the appropriate expression.
Culture shock is the effect that immersion in a strange culture has on the unprepared visitor.
Culture shock is the subject of much humour, but is very real.
Culture shock is tough enough.
Culture shock leads to narcissism.
Culture shock manifests itself in a series of stages.
Culture shock occurs at a heightened level of the third stage.
Culture shock seems to hit almost everyone to some degree or other.
Culture shocks are disorientation.
Culture tubes are often cheaper.
Culture tubes have no lip.
Culture vultures can check out the latest on art extravaganzas and classical concerts.
Culture abounds in Cambria.
Culture abounds on the Lofotens.
Culture abounds within the state.
Culture absorbs the past, molds the present and defines the future.
Culture accounts, in part, for the unprecedented success of the human species .
Culture adds a new force to nature.
Culture adds value, it makes an essential contribution to innovation, marketing and design.
Culture affects attitude.
Culture affects beliefs.
Culture affects beliefs.
Culture affects our perception of health and healthcare.
Culture affects perception.
Culture affects what particular style is fostered and preferred.
Culture allows for the development of taste and talent.
Culture allows testing for drug-resistant bacteria.
Culture also affects healing.
Culture also becomes a source of strength and sustenance.
Culture also consists of social and family structures.
Culture also describes a way of life.
Culture also determines what is acceptable with product advertising.
Culture also encapsulates certain assumptions about what resources are available.
Culture also has discussion and conflict.
Culture also includes a time reference.
Culture also includes norms and values .
Culture also includes people's dance, art and music.
Culture also includes the way people think about and understand the world and their own lives.
Culture also influences how individuals and communities express traumatic reactions.
Culture also matters.
Culture also plays a big part in a translator's work.
Culture also plays a huge role.
Culture also plays a large role in the meaning of a word or concept.
Culture also plays a part in seafood consumption.
Culture also plays a role in the patient experience of pain and the reporting of pain.
Culture also plays a role in the placebo effect.
Culture appears to be a continuum.
Culture applies to any group of people or individuals.
Culture are the patterns of behavior, the artifacts, ideas and knowledge that creates a society.
Culture assumes various definitions in the educational literature.
Culture basically consists of people s sociology, ideology, and education.
Culture becomes a 'product' of mechanical predictability.
Culture becomes an engineering problem.
Culture becomes even more fragmented and the commodity form remains intact.
Culture becomes packaged with the emergence of gift shops.
Culture begins with selecting the right plant for the right place.
Culture Belonging to a particular race or ethnic or cultural group influences population health.
Culture belongs to everyone and it can release potentials in all groups in society.
Culture belongs to everyone and it can release the potential in everyone.
Culture brings people together.
Culture builds monuments.
Culture builds stone monuments.
Culture builds walls, the gospel builds bridges.
Culture can affect technology transfer, organizational structure, and managerial ideology.
Culture can affect the biological order as well.
Culture can also dictate the times to eat and what to eat at certain meals.
Culture can also influence the design and operations of a website.
Culture can also vary within a region, society or sub group.
Culture can and does affect laughter.
Culture can be a powerful weapon in the war to redeem mankind.
Culture can be a social thread, uniting people and linking otherwise disparate parts of their lives.
Culture can be anything and everything.
Culture can be difficult because it can appear to be invisible.
Culture can be quicksand, and it is usually taboo to deal with it straight-on.
Culture can disenfranchise women.
Culture can embrace politics, daily life, socioeconomics, all the disciplines of reality.
Culture can grow and develop and people's participation in it can be empowering.
Culture can have a major impact on attitudes toward gambling.
Culture can mean different things to different people.
Culture can occupy as much time, albeit in a different way.
Culture can often be the unseen variable in standardized measurements.
Culture can only eat itself so much and then there has to be new material being put forth.
Culture can play an important role in building popular support for revolution.
Culture can profoundly influence gene frequencies in a population.
Culture can provide resources, social capital, etc.
Culture can provide such population diversity.
Culture can seem like war because culture is increasingly attuned to the tempos of fashion.
Culture can therefore act as a powerful restraint to strategic plans.
Culture can turn into an instrument of hatred and contempt. . . .
Culture can work against man in two ways.
Culture can, however, impact social structure by causing behavior matching and assertive mating.
Culture can, of course, become the source of conflicts and crises.
Culture causes problems.
Culture changes in two broad ways.
Culture changes our endorphines.
Culture changes over millennia, while nature left alone takes millions of years to change.
Culture changes slowly, if at all.
Culture clash with mass media history of journalists, advertisers, entertainers, and PR folks.
Culture combine with community life.
Culture combines what is done and how.
Culture comes from community.
Culture comes from the Latin colo, cultas - to till, to worship.
Culture Comes to Kansas City .
Culture comes to southeast Kansas and southwest Missouri, too.
Culture comprises traditional ways of making sense of and conducting oneself in the world.
Culture consists exclusively of a group's art, music, dance, food, language and dress.
Culture consists of both material culture and non material culture.
Culture consists of individuals.
Culture consists of learned and shared pattems of thinking and acting.
Culture consists of learned and shared patterns of thinking and acting.
Culture consists of patterned and interrelated ideas, symbols, or behaviors.
Culture consists of the creative products of human beings.
Culture constantly moves very fast.
Culture consumes dog meat.
Culture consumes meat.
Culture continues to develop, but true peace and knowledge is never achieved.
Culture contributes to the experience of menopause.
Culture counts then for a great deal.
Culture counts, too.
Culture covers the values and ideologies held by a nation or a community.
Culture cows with high somatic cell counts or cows with clinical mastitis.
Culture creates a common identity and helps define a region's quality of life.
Culture creates family and civic and national bonds.
Culture creates jobs, generates wealth and showcases Canadian talent.
Culture creates jobs, opportunity, hope and progress.
Culture creates special forms of behavior. . .
Culture creates the framework within which the spiritual life comes to be and grow.
Culture creates wealth.
Culture defines a city's image.
Culture defines the beliefs, values, behaviours, and material objects shared by a particular people.
Culture defines the preferred ways for meeting needs.
Culture degenerates very quickly when it becomes a passive contemplation of the creations of others.
Culture demands minimal external stimulation, quiet solitude, leisure.
Culture depends on education, and educability is at least partly a matter of heredi- tary ability.
Culture depends on ethics.
Culture determines different values.
Culture determines the uses of technology and gives richness to every aspect of our lives.
Culture determines values.
Culture determines what people wear, eat, reside and travel.
Culture develops methods.
Culture dictates what is to be repressed.
Culture digests the past, reflects the present and provides a perspective on the future.
Culture distinguishes one human group from others.
Culture does have a pervasive impact on negotiation behavior, but so do personality and experience.
Culture draws on that fear and fascination to create metaphors and narratives.
Culture drives etiquette.
Culture duplicate samples from cows calving and herd additions prior to inclusion in the trial.
Culture easily becomes a cult.
Culture eats pork.
Culture eats potato.
Culture effects what people buy, how they buy and when they buy.
Culture embodies the split betveen wholeness and the parts of the whole turning into domination.
Culture emerges from our awareness.
Culture emerges from the communication process.
Culture encompasses values, attitudes, and beliefs, as well as customs and behaviors.
Culture encourages consumption.
Culture encourages development.
Culture encourages growth.
Culture encourages professional growth.
Culture enhances resilience.
Culture enriches our lives.
Culture evolves around a sense of what is desirable behaviour and what is undesirable.
Culture evolves naturally as outside influences undergo processes of naturalization.
Culture evolves over time and customs can and are changed.
Culture exerts an enormous influence over our behavior every day.
Culture exists and displays itself as a definite value in every action of man.
Culture exposes the child to the basics in geography, history and life sciences.
Culture expresses itself in language above all else.
Culture facilitates group interaction.
Culture filtrates induce open ulcerative sores, hemorrhaging and death in finfish and shellfish.
Culture focuses EE activities within the context of different communities.
Culture focuses on child labor in Latin America, one holiday celebration, and some traditional food.
Culture focuses on growth.
Culture focuses on term growth.
Culture follows economy, and the strongest culture is usually found in the larger economic centers.
Culture forms a prism through which members of a group see the world and create shared meanings.
Culture forms our beliefs.
Culture forms the very basis of society.
Culture fosters our moral lives.
Culture generally precedes economics rather than the other way round.
Culture generates values which specify what are legitimate and illegitimate moral outlooks.
Culture gets browner with use.
Culture gets growth.
Culture gives definition to a people's identity.
Culture gives dignity.
Culture gives expression to the social thought, beliefs and values of human beings.
Culture gives meaning to experiences such as pain.
Culture gives meaning to reality.
Culture gives organizing perspective and depth.
Culture gives reason it's gunpowder.
Culture goes beyond holidays, songs and dances.
Culture greatly influences many facets of daily productivity and improvement.
Culture happens at the interface of the moment.
Culture happens in secret.
Culture has a favorite phrase . . .
Culture has a large impact on such policies as well.
Culture has a major impact on how people behave, no matter the particular culture.
Culture has a top down effect.
Culture has an important contribution to make to regional development on three counts.
Culture has an important role to play in preventing delinquency among American Indian youth.
Culture has beliefs.
Culture has calendars.
Culture has concepts.
Culture has considerable influence on buying behavior.
Culture has culture.
Culture has customs.
Culture has different beliefs.
Culture has different meanings for different people.
Culture has different values.
Culture has festivals.
Culture has fundamental values.
Culture has growth.
Culture has immediate impact.
Culture has impact.
Culture has legends.
Culture has many aspects.
Culture has origins.
Culture has other elements.
Culture has own customs.
Culture has own tradition.
Culture has patterns.
Culture has problems.
Culture has reaction patterns.
Culture has rites.
Culture has sex.
Culture has stories.
Culture has tendencies.
Culture has the greatest influence.
Culture has three different parts.
Culture has to be about people.
Culture has to do with it.
Culture has to move.
Culture has to provide it.
Culture has to say about the happy happy joy joy song.
Culture has tradition.
Culture has values.
Culture has very much to do with the human spirit.
Culture has winter festivals.
Culture helps people understand their neighbors, their history, and their environment.
Culture here means belonging, identity, region, roots allegiance, custom, affinity, tradition.
Culture holds society together and is the product of society.
Culture impacts business practice.
Culture implies a tillage of the soul as well as the intellect.
Culture includes a population's technology and people's ways of organizing themselves.
Culture includes all of our stories, possessions, surroundings.
Culture includes art, music, literature, technology, and the sciences.
Culture includes customs, ceremonies, works of art, inventions, technology, and traditions.
Culture includes customs, traditions, and language.
Culture includes expressions as diverse as music, ethics, and technology.
Culture includes genealogy, biography, and French cooking.
Culture includes socially acquired knowledge, beliefs, art, law, morals, customs, and habits.
Culture includes studies of Paris, impressionism and major periods of French history.
Culture includes the shared customary beliefs, practices and material goods of a group of people.
Culture influences biology.
Culture influences both behavior and the psychological processes on which it rests.
Culture influences education, health, employment and national income.
Culture influences how abuse is manifested, perceived, and responded to.
Culture influences how different people interpret the same situation.
Culture influences nature, just as nature influences culture.
Culture influences the way humans select, interpret, process, and use information.
Culture informs feelings of inadequacy when strayed from.
Culture instructs our lives with values and habits which service our humanity.
Culture interprets meaning of color, class, character and context.
Culture is a barrier.
Culture is a basic element in being a person worthy of humanity.
Culture is a big issue, too.
Culture is a celebration of our diverse communities.
Culture is a collective phenomenon.
Culture is a collective programming of the mind.
Culture is a commodity which has a fiscal trade value.
Culture is a complex concept, with many different definitions.
Culture is a complex concept.
Culture is a complex flux that is necessarily undefinable.
Culture is a complex reality.
Culture is a complex social structure.
Culture is a complex thing to study for a group as large as a country, like Japan.
Culture is a construction made out of individuals, history and ideas.
Culture is a continuing investment in quality of life.
Culture is a crucial variable in the interaction of humans with the environment.
Culture is a dialogue.
Culture is a distinctive way of life for a group of people.
Culture is a fictitious space-faring society.
Culture is a flawed substitute for heredity.
Culture is a force of change in itself.
Culture is a general pattern of thought and customs in a society.
Culture is a group which shapes a person's values and identity.
Culture is a highly complex totality.
Culture is a human generated phenomenon, a historical accumulation of one's world.
Culture is a key element of development.
Culture is a key word, a meaningful middle name.
Culture is a learned behavior transmitted from person to person.
Culture is a lifestyle.
Culture is a major factor in the incarnational witness.
Culture is a medium of spiritual achievement from former generation to a progeny society.
Culture is a mixture of small and large colony types.
Culture is a mode of thought and feeling encouraged by education.
Culture is a necessary condition of pursuing one s life plan.
Culture is a network, a net that works.
Culture is a particularly important field of activity.
Culture is a performance.
Culture is a personal collection of links to aspects of Net culture.
Culture is a political matter.
Culture is a powerful dynamic in every congregation-for both good and ill.
Culture is a powerful factor in all human behavior.
Culture is a powerful means to realizing it.
Culture is a powerful thing, by design.
Culture is a powerful way to motivate and focus behaviors in complex and changing settings.
Culture is a prerequisite for the building up of an identity and a sense of patriotism.
Culture is a privilege.
Culture is a process of communication among individuals and groups.
Culture is a process.
Culture is a product of community.
Culture is a product of sexuality.
Culture is a product of social interaction.
Culture is a pulsating organism, endowed with flexibility, in a state of constant growth.
Culture is a question of rules whereas exception is a question of art.
Culture is a recipe for a good meal and a full stomach.
Culture is a reflection of ideology.
Culture is a relationship between the object and the people who made and used it.
Culture is a set of learned attitudes, behaviors and the other things that comprise a way of life.
Culture is a set of learned attitudes, behaviors, and the other things that comprise a way of life.
Culture is a set of shared standards for many behaviors.
Culture is a set of values, beliefs, norms, material objects, symbols, etc.
Culture is a shared perspective.
Culture is a shared way of communication and expression between human beings.
Culture is a society
Culture is a sore point in budget-riddled Moscow.
Culture is a strange thing.
Culture is a strong determinant of individual health.
Culture is a subject that is usually taught in elementary school.
Culture is a term that has been around for many, many years.
Culture is a unifying concept in anthropology that links all of the subdisciplines.
Culture is a unique means by which societies satisfy human needs and manage natural systems.
Culture is a very important ingredient in a non violent society.
Culture is a very important part of our program.
Culture is a very important part of war.
Culture is a very important thing in the game.
Culture is a very important thing in the school system today.
Culture is a way of coping with the world by defining it in detail.
Culture is a way of getting people to that point of understanding.
Culture is a way of life .
Culture is a wonderful part of every educational experience.
Culture is a work done entirely and decisively by man.
Culture is about livelihoods.
Culture is about people.
Culture is about shared tacit ways of being.
Culture is about sharing information, about sharing models of the world.
Culture is acquired through observational learning tactics.
Culture is action.
Culture is addressed as a major advantage or disadvantage in managing innovation.
Culture is addressed as part of preparation for appropriate social and academic communication.
Culture IS agriculture, unless it is pastoralism, hunting, or foraging.
Culture is alive and well in Dallas.
Culture is all about getting that group of people to move in the same direction.
Culture is all the values, norms, and customs that people share with one another .
Culture is almost impossible.
Culture is also a bridge to the past as well as a guide to the future.
Culture is also a factor which defines the cumulative personality of a people.
Culture is also a key part of the tourists' experience of British Columbia.
Culture is also a means of transmitting behavior and values across generations.
Culture is also a part of the assimilation process that each American citizen goes through.
Culture is also an evolving phenomenon.
Culture is also an issue.
Culture is also multidimensional.
Culture is also similar to the culture of apple trees.
Culture is also something that can change or evolve over time.
Culture is also the beliefs and values of the people in that country.
Culture is always a communal act.
Culture is always a stabilizing force for societies.
Culture is always in a flux and ferment.
Culture is always in transition.
Culture is always Now, in-between, in process.
Culture is always present.
Culture is always the consequence of decline, decadence, clumsy maneuvers and misconceptions.
Culture is am important aspect of any business.
Culture is ambiguous, amorphous, often messy.
Culture is America's biggest export.
Culture is an abstract idea and thus a hypothetical construct.
Culture is an activity, it is practice, it is history turned into nature.
Culture is an adaptation to the environment in which an individual lives, works, and grows.
Culture is an economy rate.
Culture is an enhanced way of life, driving consumer attitudes and purchases.
Culture is an essential element of the lifeblood of any nation.
Culture is an evolving and dynamic relationship between a society and an environment.
Culture is an evolving thing.
Culture is an expression of a way of life and has many components - music being an integral one.
Culture is an extremely powerful force that shapes our views of others, self and the world.
Culture is an important aspect of life.
Culture is an important factor.
Culture is an important part of our language study.
Culture is an important part of what it means to be a human being.
Culture is an important thread that is tightly woven throughout the course.
Culture is an important vehicle for change.
Culture is an incredibly difficult concept to pin down.
Culture is an ingredient of yogurt.
Culture is an integral component of foreign language instruction.
Culture is an integral part of language.
Culture is an integral part of the program, especially through extra-curricular activites.
Culture is an integral part of world language learning .
Culture is an interactive product.
Culture is an inversion of life.
Culture is an issue that is a common topic of conversation in international adoption circles.
Culture is an on-going changing process and guides our patterns of behavior and thinking.
Culture is analyzed by culture critics as a set of interactive cultures, alive and changing.
Culture is another important factor that affects the diffusion of innovation.
Culture is another issue in translation.
Culture is any artificial restraint of natural conduct.
Culture is approached as it relates to environment.
Culture is arbitrary and changeable.
Culture is as refreshing as it is diverse.
Culture is asserted as an anchor in a sea of change.
Culture is attitude.
Culture is autochtonous and indigenous.
Culture is based on ordering principles called laws.
Culture is behavior and a way of thinking.
Culture is big business.
Culture is both an intellectual phenomenon and a moral one.
Culture is both something visual and a product of the political-economy.
Culture is bound to space and time - and so are human beings.
Culture is brought through the women.
Culture is built in dozens of ways, and the CEO sets the tone.
Culture is called the film.
Culture is carried on the bodies of women.
Culture is central to competitive success.
Culture is characteristic only of humans and primarily is a system of rules of self-limitation.
Culture is clearly a factor.
Culture is clearly a highly strategic investment .
Culture is complex and ever-evolving.
Culture is complex and fluctuates in time and location.
Culture is conceptualized broadly to encompass the belief systems of a variety of groups.
Culture is contested, temporal, and emergent.
Culture is contextualized.
Culture is criticism in the form of imitation.
Culture is cultivation.
Culture is culture no matter if it's a Southern thing or a Hawaiian thing.
Culture is dead.
Culture is deeper than politics or economics.
Culture is defined as a set of values and lifestyles which have a distinctive nature and history.
Culture is defined as a shared values within all members of society.
Culture is defined as communication and communication as culture.
Culture is defined as sets of meanings people share and enact in their lives and society.
Culture is defined as the intellectual accomplishments and lifestyle of a nation.
Culture is defined broadly as perceptions of social reality.
Culture is defined by anthropologists as a people's way of life.
Culture is defined by the CEO of any organization.
Culture is de-religionized.
Culture is described as the product of growth resulting from cultivation.
Culture is developed by the aggregation of like minded people.
Culture is devised on it.
Culture is diagnostic.
Culture is different in districtwide culture and individual colleges and departmental culture.
Culture is different.
Culture is difficult to pin down.
Culture is difficult.
Culture is discussed along with the definition of deviance.
Culture is displayed as the tv crews pan on wives, traditions, and fans attending the race.
Culture is dynamic and as such is constantly adjusting to a variety of forces.
Culture is dynamic and one has to know how to find the space.
Culture is dynamic by definition.
Culture is dynamic, in a constant state of change.
Culture is dynamic.
Culture is easy.
Culture is embedded in language.
Culture is emphasized throughout the semester.
Culture is environmental in nature coming partially from the way one was taught to view things.
Culture is equally tricky.
Culture is essential to the Turk, as are courtesy and respect of womanhood.
Culture is essentially a system of rules that structures the thought and behavior of social groups.
Culture is everything and nothing.
Culture is everything.
Culture is everywhere in Vienna.
Culture is everywhere.
Culture is examined in relation to the other areas of anthropology.
Culture is expensive and time-consuming.
Culture is expressed exclusively by one's verbal behavior.
Culture is extended in investment.
Culture is first and foremost a process of ferment, conflict, and dialogue.
Culture is fluent, flexible, and changeable while race is absolute and fixed.
Culture is food that satisfies more than mere calories do.
Culture is for everybody.
Culture is for everyone.
Culture is for the old and for the young and it can bring the generations and communities together.
Culture is formed through one language.
Culture is front and center in Atlanta.
Culture is fundamental for the survival of societies.
Culture is good to have.
Culture is good.
Culture is group-specific behavior transferred by social learning.
Culture is growth.
Culture is hard.
Culture is how people see and do things from a historical prospective.
Culture is how things are around here.
Culture is human behavior that is patterned, learned, and shared among members of a society.
Culture is human nature to the very most basic level of family or tribal existence.
Culture is human.
Culture is humankind s adaptive dimension.
Culture is important for the wellbeing of our citizens, and for the development of the city.
Culture is important only if the scientific worldview leaves a lot out.
Culture is important.
Culture is in danger of plunging into a serious crisis.
Culture is in fact a shield against the realities.
Culture is in the air.
Culture is indelibly a part of each person's identity, but individuals also influence culture.
Culture is inescapable from symbolization.
Culture is inevitable.
Culture is inherent even in seemingly universal symbols.
Culture is instinctual.
Culture is integrated throughout each unit.
Culture is interpreted loosely to allow for a range of proposals on a variety of interests.
Culture is investigated using linguistic methods and techniques.
Culture is irrational.
Culture is just as important.
Culture is key.
Culture is kind of like sharing values, truths and ideas.
Culture is language and vice versa.
Culture is language, and language is culture.
Culture is learned .
Culture is learned and it is shared .
Culture is learned and shared, often unconsciously.
Culture is learned and transmitted from generation to generation.
Culture is learned behavior, and enculturation is the learning of a culture.
Culture is learned behavior.
Culture is learned by new members of a group and shared by all members of a group through language.
Culture is learned by observing other people.
Culture is learned during the course of a person's life.
Culture is learned in the classroom and by participating in activities outside of the classroom.
Culture is learned integrally with language and supplementary enrichment activities.
Culture is learned more through experiences than discussion.
Culture is learned through generation and transmitted to the next.
Culture is learned, acted out, transmitted, and preserved through communication.
Culture is learned, shared, adapted, and dynamic.
Culture is learned, transmitted in a social context, and modifiable.
Culture is learned.
Culture is like a fingerprint.
Culture is like a gyroscope.
Culture is like a loaf of bread, a good mix of tasty things.
Culture is like a second nature, literally.
Culture is like air permeating in everybody s life, affecting a person s thinking and behavior.
Culture is like an iceberg.
Culture is like clothing.
Culture is like software to a computer.
Culture is like sub-atomic particles that can exist for only moments in the heart of the cyclotron.
Culture is limited except in tropical India and the East Indies.
Culture is located in bodies.
Culture is located within the person.
Culture is made up of the norms, rituals, patterns, values and ideals of the people at hand.
Culture is made up of various artifacts, values and assumptions.
Culture is many different aspects of life to many different people.
Culture is merely clothing, outer trappings.
Culture is middle-upper class.
Culture is more a source of conflict than of synergy.
Culture is more popular.
Culture is more powerful than law.
Culture is more than commerce.
Culture is more than just art and music.
Culture is more than just traditions and customs observed.
Culture is more, though.
Culture is most fundamentally a community.
Culture is most lively near the margins, at points of interaction.
Culture is much broader.
Culture is much more than a shared set of beliefs and practices.
Culture is much more than just the entertainment industry.
Culture is much more, and includes human interaction also to produce non-material products.
Culture is mutual understanding.
Culture is needed to identify the causative species.
Culture is negotiable.
Culture is neither simply juxtaposed to nor simply superposed over life.
Culture is never far.
Culture is never something static, composed only of isolated activities.
Culture is never static.
Culture is no longer an autonomous sphere, it is part of the economic.
Culture is no longer an elitist business.
Culture is no longer merely the beautiful and sublime, the refined.
Culture is nothing good or bad.
Culture is nothing.
Culture is notoriously difficult to define.
Culture is now the property of the masses all over the world with the aid of science.
Culture is obviously an important factor in influencing individuals' behavior in society.
Culture is of higher importance than law making.
Culture is often too broad and imprecise a term.
Culture is omnipresent.
Culture is on it too.
Culture is one influence which helps shape individual concepts of reality.
Culture is one main difference.
Culture is one of the most challenging elements that managers face in the international marketplace.
Culture is one of the most contested issues in politics.
Culture is one of the most distinctive properties of human social association.
Culture is one of the organizing concepts upon which ursing is based and defined.
Culture is open to graduate students and advanced undergraduate students.
Culture is ordinary, and the ordinary is highly significant.
Culture is ordinary, in every society and in every mind.
Culture is ordinary.
Culture is Ordinary.
Culture is organic, an ever-evolving web of relationships.
Culture is our advantage .
Culture is our business.
Culture Is Our Business.
Culture is our instructor.
Culture is our way of communicating.
Culture is our way of viewing things.
Culture is over.
Culture is part of human experience.
Culture is participatory.
Culture is performed on a rocking platform in oxygen-rich conditions to increase gaseous exchange.
Culture is power.
Culture is present everywhere and in everything in our society.
Culture is present, cultural heritage is therefore historical.
Culture is preservable.
Culture is preserved.
Culture is produced elsewhere and exported to be consumed.
Culture is rather like an old oak tree.
Culture is rather sneered upon in the suburbs.
Culture is ready to use in the following first proof.
Culture is reformed with each new generation.
Culture is related to regional development and the concept of economic and social solidarity.
Culture is relative.
Culture is required for specific identification of zygomycotic fungi.
Culture is resilient.
Culture is resonant and flourishing.
Culture is seen as an important issue of the future.
Culture is seen as having definable limits, identifiable traits, and idealized pasts.
Culture is seen as the soft option.
Culture is seen as the totality of man s beliefs, systems and tool technology.
Culture is seen as transmitted over generations.
Culture is seen in people's writing, religion, music, clothes, cooking, and in what they do.
Culture is separate anyway.
Culture is shaped by attitudes learned in childhood and later internalized in adulthood.
Culture is shaped by media determinism and technology.
Culture is shared by members of the same group.
Culture is shared by the group s members because it is useful.
Culture is shared meaning in which everybody participates.
Culture is shared Socially constructed by human beings in interaction with each other.
Culture is shared, learned human behavior, a way of life.
Culture is similar to cattleyas.
Culture is similar to mint and sage.
Culture is similar to regular garden peas.
Culture is similar to that of mint, to which thyme is related.
Culture is similar to that of mints.
Culture is similar to that of other dry or field beans.
Culture is similar to that of other root crops, as salsify or carrots.
Culture is simple.
Culture is simply a veneer reflecting the deeper genetic makeup of people.
Culture is simultaneously fluid and tenacious.
Culture is social events.
Culture is societies.
Culture is something a group of people creates cooperatively, unconsciously perhaps.
Culture is something complex and multifaceted and can include a lot of different things.
Culture is something developed and specific to a people.
Culture is something dynamic that can be shaped by studying and mastering it.
Culture is something that aims to create an improved society and better relations between people.
Culture is something that is part of a person's very being.
Culture is something that many times can be adopted.
Culture is something that was .
Culture is sometimes the enemy of what parents and teachers are trying to teach our children.
Culture is still basically absent.
Culture is still primarily dependent on the natural spawning season for production of eggs.
Culture is stories or myths from the past.
Culture is stronger than life and stronger than death.
Culture is super-organic.
Culture is supported by one's interest in other people's lives.
Culture is taken away from the poets and handed over to the barbarians.
Culture is taste.
Culture is taught through selected reading in Spanish.
Culture is taught through the language learning process itself.
Culture is that framework that defines, guides, and frames our life practices and beliefs.
Culture is the accumulation of a nation's experience.
Culture is the accumulation of experience and reflects a nation's weaknesses in many aspects.
Culture is the accumulation of many individuals' values and norms.
Culture is the acquired knowledge people use to interpret experience and generate behavior.
Culture is the agent, the natural area the medium, the cultural landscape is the result.
Culture is the arts elevated to a set of beliefs.
Culture is the art-ticulated story of life here.
Culture is the atmosphere created, an invisible force which shapes our behaviour.
Culture is the atmosphere created, an invisible force, which shapes our behavior.
Culture is the backbone of everything a person is.
Culture is the bamboo and rock.
Culture is the basic orientation, which structures behavioral environment of the self.
Culture is the basis of everything.
Culture is the basis of sustainable development.
Culture is the boundary and Art the border points of passage.
Culture is the central concept of anthropological research.
Culture is the collection of individual beliefs, habits, etc.
Culture is the compiling of forms until the weight dissolves their boundaries.
Culture is the concept upon which anthropology was built.
Culture is the context in which all members of the school community work and relate one to another.
Culture is the core that defines nations.
Culture is the cultus animi, or the cultivation of the human soul in the splendor of the truth.
Culture is the customs, beliefs, arts and institutions of a group of people.
Culture is the customs, beliefs, arts, and traditions of a group of people.
Culture is the difference between humans and animals.
Culture is the difference in behavior and attitude between people from different cultures.
Culture is the entire way of life of a group of people.
Culture is the entire way of life, including customs, beliefs, institutions and artifacts.
Culture is the environment in which actions and thoughts take place.
Culture is the essence of development.
Culture is the expression of the identity of a community of people.
Culture is the expression of the self and is passed from generation to generation.
Culture is the externalization of a society's religion.
Culture is the false story.
Culture is the form of religion.
Culture is the foundation of the human condition.
Culture is the fun stuff for each city.
Culture is the goal for which religion is the absolute prerequisite.
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
Culture is the heart and soul of a nation and a central force in every human life.
Culture is the heart of every nation.
Culture is the ideal commodity, the one which makes one pay for all the others.
Culture is the interpretant of body symbolism.
Culture is the invisible medium through which all human functioning occurs.
Culture is the issue.
Culture is the key to our origins.
Culture is the key to what people become.
Culture is the landscape of memes.
Culture is the light of the biosphere.
Culture is the manifestation of religion.
Culture is the man-made part of the human environment.
Culture is the matrix of political, economic and social structures of society.
Culture is the means by which man controls and regulates nature.
Culture is the most important concept in anthropologythe study of all aspects of human life.
Culture is the most sensitive and specific method for verifica-tion.
Culture is the motor of economy.
Culture is the only religion.
Culture is the organization of the world.
Culture is the personality of the agency.
Culture is the place where habits of heart and mind are formed.
Culture is the potting soil for all behavior.
Culture is the power of knowing other cultures, whereas what cultures know is themselves.
Culture is the primary adaptive mechanism for humans.
Culture is the prime determinant of individual development.
Culture is the principle of life . . .
Culture is the product of a continuing effort.
Culture is the product of the collective programming of human minds.
Culture is the Question.
Culture is the real problem.
Culture is the recipe, the stomach and the good.
Culture is the refinement of personality consequent upon a vision of the permanent values of life.
Culture is the repetition of forms until they slide into each other.
Culture is the result of how people treat one another.
Culture is the same as Canna 'Australia' above.
Culture is the second story.
Culture is the set of all moves.
Culture is the set of all reciprocally ratifiable recognitions, called moves.
Culture is the set of norms and behaviors that reflect a business' true character.
Culture is the set of values, beliefs, rules, and institutions held by a specific group of people.
Culture is the seventh, synthesizing segment of the Wheel.
Culture is the shared meaning.
Culture is the soul of a people and the very essence of nationhood.
Culture is the spiritual backbone of society.
Culture is the stealth factor in our children's lives.
Culture is the substance of a people or peoples, their art, beliefs and institutions.
Culture is the sum of the actions of the individuals comprising it.
Culture is the template, or operating sytem, that allows the software to run on the hardware.
Culture is the totality of learned, socially transmitted behavior .
Culture is the totality of learned, socially transmitted behavior.
Culture is the totality of learned, socially transmitted information and behavior.
Culture is the turning of forms until they meet all others.
Culture is the vehicle that binds generation to generation.
Culture is the way things are done.
Culture is then a vital element to strengthen economic and social development.
Culture is then the terrain on which hegemony is struggled for and established.
Culture is thus an identity.
Culture is thus lamely ineffectual at exactly the point where it is most urgently needed.
Culture is to be explained in terms of the production and spread of representations.
Culture is to humans what water is to fish.
Culture is to the organization what personality is to the individual.
Culture is tomorrow, today, and yesterday.
Culture is transferred through communication and learning.
Culture is transmitted from one generation to the next by nonbiological means.
Culture is transmitted from person to person, from group to group, from generation to generation.
Culture is transmitted primarily through art, music, dance, and theater.
Culture is treated only as a commodity like any other.
Culture is ultimately a set of shared rules that people use.
Culture is unwritten but is highly structured.
Culture is used as a source of jobs through a project dealing with handicrafts.
Culture is very difficult and unreliable.
Culture is very hard to talk about.
Culture is very much a function of human suffering.
Culture is very simple and easy.
Culture is viewed as both a producer and a product of communication.
Culture is viewed from linguistic, historical, social and business perspectives.
Culture is weird.
Culture is what defines civilization.
Culture is what gives history life and meaning to the facts.
Culture is what gives meaning to people's lives.
Culture is what intelligent life creates and passes on - rules, ideas, language, ways of thought.
Culture is what is left when everything else has been forgotten.
Culture is what is passed on through the ages.
Culture is what makes each group of people different from other groups.
Culture is what mediates between individuals and their society.
Culture is what people fall back on when there are no instructions.
Culture is what sets the work rules for the organization.
Culture is what they cling to but alienation is what they feel.
Culture is who the organization is.
Culture is, after all, the mirror of technology.
Culture is, after all, the product of many races and many traditions.
Culture is, before anything else, about survival.
Culture is, by definition, a learned behavior and, therefore, is adaptive.
Culture is, in itself, the product of tradition, experience, beliefs, ability and facilities.
Culture is, indeed, our best software for saving humankind from enslavement and violence.
Culture is, most basically, the way of life of a group of people.
Culture isa society.
Culture keeps the Rasta fires burning.
Culture kills-or gives life.
Culture knows no borders.
Culture Learn about French culture and traditions, unique heritage, style and people.
Culture Learn about Japanese festivals and ceremonies.
Culture Let's look at culture.
Culture Likes loose, rich, moist but well drained soil.
Culture likes to work on the vertical axis, by accumulating tradition.
Culture lives. .
Culture Lose one, get another.
Culture Make an active contribution to an entertainment, show or exhibition.
Culture makes a difference in color perception, too.
Culture makes a people unique.
Culture makes a vain attempt to return to the drivers seat on the net.
Culture makes cities livable and attractive.
Culture makes it possible to anticipate how others in society are likely to respond to actions.
Culture makes observations.
Culture makes people into a nation.
Culture means a different way of interacting.
Culture means a refined way of life.
Culture means a value system.
Culture mixing into politics, though, stews a deadly brew.
Culture needs a base, wealth.
Culture needs to be kept in the community.
Culture needs to be supported.
Culture needs to be taken into account in most foreign policy decisions.
Culture needs to become woven into the rich fabric of health care.
Culture notes address sensitive issues.
Culture now attracts some of the best minds in the discipline of sociology.
Culture occurs in urban space.
Culture opens the sense of beauty.
Culture performs at slot number two and does a great cover.
Culture permeates a company, and differences can poison any collaboration.
Culture pertaining to the forementioned topics is discussed.
Culture plants i.e. plants that have played a significant role in the development of human culture.
Culture plays a big part in standards and expectations regarding alcohol.
Culture plays a big part.
Culture plays a big role in our lives.
Culture plays a complex role in the development of health and human service delivery programs.
Culture plays a critical role in the delivery of healthcare.
Culture plays a huge role in the development of the characters.
Culture plays a key role.
Culture plays a part in how meetings are perceived, too.
Culture plays a role.
Culture plays a significant role in cross-cultural assessment.
Culture plays a strong part in the equation.
Culture plays a very important role in day to day lives of everyone in the Empire.
Culture plays an even bigger part in the life of killer whales.
Culture plays an important role in addition to coercion.
Culture plays an important role in each program.
Culture plays an important role in humor.
Culture plays an important role in language learning.
Culture plays an integral part in the foreign language classroom.
Culture plays little or no role in travel mode choice.
Culture presents multiple facets.
Culture produces reaction.
Culture promotes different values, just as each individual holds certain values.
Culture provides a basis of stratification, a pecking order in society.
Culture provides a context within which societal institutions function.
Culture provides abstract pictures or representations of social life.
Culture provides an independent means of addressing social issues, any kind of issue.
Culture provides an ongoing list of toys that are guaranteed' to bring happiness.
Culture provides basic working understandings about ones life course.
Culture provides individuals with ways of coping with the world.
Culture provides life with a sense of structure that people feel they can follow.
Culture provides no direct payback, but prevents barbarism and wards off sickness of the spirit.
Culture provides opportunity.
Culture provides options.
Culture provides the individual with ways of coping with the world.
Culture provides the knowledge and skills necessary for meeting sustenance needs.
Culture provides the raw materials, so to speak, for the elaboration of ethnicity.
Culture pulses through the curriculum and after-school programs.
Culture refers to everything that people create.
Culture refers to the intentional world.
Culture refers to the total way of life of people.
Culture reflects and is inseparable from religious worldview.
Culture reflects the colour of nature.
Culture rejects tyranny in every form and fashion.
Culture remains a very important part of our program.
Culture remains free, waiting to accept what is offered.
Culture replaces authentic feeling with words.
Culture Reports on African-American heroes from a third grade class in Mill Valley, Ca.
Culture represents and transmits a fallen human nature.
Culture represents social forces.
Culture represents the blend of cultures that make up the region's heritage.
Culture represents the blend of cultures that make up the region's unique American heritage.
Culture requires a language of communication.
Culture requires haemin for growth of the organism.
Culture Requires only average soil to look good.
Culture requires power.
Culture requires progress just as our senses require stimulation.
Culture reveals gram-negative organisms such as E coli or other Enterobacteriaceae.
Culture reveals itself through explicit rules of behavior and implicit meanings.
Culture s primary homebase is anthropology.
Culture seeks to reconcile what has been divided, but at a higher level.
Culture seems to be an important part of the lives of matrilineal whales.
Culture seems to ooze out of the sidewalks.
Culture sequences in central California archaeology.
Culture serves two functions.
Culture sets standards and determines our views about social relationships.
Culture sets values for society.
Culture shapes all of social life, and indeed makes it possible.
Culture shapes family interaction and community settings beyond the home.
Culture shapes ideas of malady, health, disease.
Culture shapes individuals and peoples, who in turn express themselves through it.
Culture shapes individuals' experiences, perceptions, decisions and how they relate to others.
Culture shapes language.
Culture shapes our identity, giving meaning, direction and coherence to our actions and goals.
Culture shapes people's expectations of food.
Culture shapes social behavior.
Culture shapes the music.
Culture shapes the perception of the people that live within it.
Culture shapes the way people do things.
Culture shows presence.
Culture significantly affects both the assessment and management of people in pain.
Culture significantly affects the assessment and management of people in pain.
Culture specimens the same day.
Culture splits boys off from their bodies and nature.
Culture spreads now, even to the devil.
Culture structures social action through values, norms and institutions.
Culture takes many forms and is expressed in many ways.
Culture Talk about culture and cultural differences.
Culture techniques Growing microorganisms in sterile culture medium so that they can be identified.
Culture tends to epitomize information, while organization and knowledge go hand in hand.
Culture then becomes worthless.
Culture there is very interesting.
Culture therefore can be more behaviors than values , more practices than ideals.
Culture therefore is at the center of the information of the self.
Culture Thoroughly research the needs of plants to be grown.
Culture transcends socio-economics.
Culture tries to emotionally remove itself from death.
Culture turns from transparent to cloudy after overnight growth.
Culture underpins the law and renders justice a cultural artefact.
Culture uses childbirth.
Culture uses food.
Culture uses natural resources.
Culture uses references.
Culture uses resources.
Culture uses sexual references.
Culture watch publishes a monthly bibliography on the activities of the religious right.
Cultures adapt and are formed around shared values and ideas.
Cultures affect how decisions are made.
Cultures also cross national boundaries.
Cultures also differ in the meanings they attach to time.
Cultures also differ on which collectives are considered most important in-groups.
Cultures also imply values.
Cultures also vary in terms of how sexual identities are defined and understood.
Cultures also vary in their emphasis on punctuality.
Cultures are adaptive machines.
Cultures are aggressive.
Cultures are alive.
Cultures are all negative.
Cultures are also helpful in assisting the selection an appropriate antibiotic agent.
Cultures are analogous to rivers that have many tributaries.
Cultures are available from biological supply companies.
Cultures are best when taken on a fresh lesion.
Cultures are certainly different and Thais are quite curious.
Cultures are different and ideas are different.
Cultures are different, including the culture of schools.
Cultures are different.
Cultures are dynamic and ever-changing.
Cultures are dynamic and remain vibrant only when they adjust and adapt to changing times.
Cultures are easily and quickly made.
Cultures are first frozen and then dried under high vacuum.
Cultures are important for establishing adequacy of treatment.
Cultures are inherently conservative.
Cultures are like melodies.
Cultures are more sensitive than direct examination.
Cultures are multi-faceted and dynamic.
Cultures are neither good nor bad, just different.
Cultures are only sacred if they are consistent with human rights.
Cultures are organic wholes consisting of interdependent components.
Cultures are packed and shipped in accordance with international postal and IATA regulations.
Cultures are pervasive and evolving.
Cultures are quirky, even among firms with similar fund size and strategy.
Cultures are resilient and enduring and so is the concept of global multiculturalism.
Cultures are similar in the second most salient emotion they perceive in some emotional expressions.
Cultures are slow growing, smooth, and pigmented yellow.
Cultures are sometimes necessary.
Cultures are systems of behaviors and customs passed from one generation to the next.
Cultures are therefore never 'unique', 'pure' or 'authentic'.
Cultures are too cumbersome, too slow, and too expensive for routine use.
Cultures are usually negative.
Cultures are variations on the theme of human nature.
Cultures are very different, and that makes borrowing from other countries difficult to do.
Cultures are very hard to change.
Cultures are vibrant only when they reveal their consonances.
Cultures are what make countries unique.
Cultures are white, fluffy to cottony, later oppressed becoming clear to slimy in age.
Cultures are widely available but notoriously yield false-negative results.
Cultures articulate their ideologies both linguistically and non-linguistically.
Cultures attach special meaning to particular foods.
Cultures avoid the topic of death and dying.
Cultures bear the imprint of the land, sky, rivers, deltas, oceans and seas where they developed.
Cultures become susceptible to infection once the production starts to reduce.
Cultures begin fusing from page one and continue mutating until the end.
Cultures blend into a unique heritage making it a true spirit of the Southwest.
Cultures can also overlap.
Cultures can be helpful from an epidemiological standpoint.
Cultures can be oppressive because of the values or social roles they inculcate.
Cultures can be positive or negative.
Cultures can certainly fall into hatred.
Cultures can come by birth or by choice.
Cultures can develop and can go on developing.
Cultures can facilitate or impede such processes of transformation.
Cultures can only realize further richness by honoring other traditions.
Cultures can only realize their further richness by honoring other traditions.
Cultures can tolerate diesel concentrations inhibitory to many indigenous populations.
Cultures can tolerate petroleum concentrations inhibitory to many indigenous populations.
Cultures change and evolve as conditions and ideas change, as they always have.
Cultures change as people's faith changes.
Cultures change constantly.
Cultures change one heart, one soul, one conscience at a time.
Cultures change over history.
Cultures change over time and across space.
Cultures change slowly, often only as personnel change.
Cultures change their minds continually about what the reasons are for human beings' dark deeds.
Cultures clash and tempers flare before the two cops finally join forces to save the young girl.
Cultures clash, but the unlikely roommates hit it off.
Cultures collide in a chalky, dusty artists playground.
Cultures come from intact cans that are free of leaks and have commercially acceptable seams.
Cultures commonly allow a range of ways in which men can be men and women can be women.
Cultures consist of adaptive tool sets that humans create in the interest of survival.
Cultures consuming large amounts of fatty fish have lower rates of depression.
Cultures consuming large amounts of hot peppers have much lower rates of cardiovascular disease.
Cultures contain their art images within their own motifs.
Cultures contains stories that are informed by their cultural setting.
Cultures create a language of food out of undifferentiated fodder.
Cultures create worldviews with embedded practices that realize ecosophy as ecological harmony.
Cultures deal with economic issues differently.
Cultures define and refine themselves through conflict.
Cultures develop in isolation because of the fact of distance.
Cultures develop rules that govern communication.
Cultures develop within the culture.
Cultures die refrigerated, store at room temperature.
Cultures differ - but if the benefits of the product apply, then the same approach often works.
Cultures differ according to the to amount of visual information they prefer.
Cultures differ across time and space.
Cultures differ dramatically across the globe but family issues are family issues the world over.
Cultures differ in many aspects.
Cultures differ in the extent to which cooperation, competition, or individualism is emphasized.
Cultures differ in the way that they view both the past and the future.
Cultures differ in their view of the self, and that influences people's emotions.
Cultures differ markedly in treatment of women and ethnic, racial, and religious minorities.
Cultures differ on a variety of dimensions .
Cultures differ, so art looks different.
Cultures encompass the ethos of values, beliefs, patterns of behaviour and social structures.
Cultures evolve through their risk takers, and recruiters definitely qualify as that.
Cultures evolve too.
Cultures exalt their highest ideals.
Cultures flourish like flowers, uniquely.
Cultures flourish, flower, and then collapse under the weight of their own decadence.
Cultures fracture and reform creating new realities which seed progress and usher in diversity.
Cultures give religions their language, and religions offer ultimate meaning to each culture.
Cultures gives examples of language, belief systems, trade, visual and performing arts and more.
Cultures go through major changes when confronted by crisis.
Cultures grow in either the presence or absence of oxygen.
Cultures grow up in two to four weeks.
Cultures have a certain communicative and identity shaping side.
Cultures have a dominat technology that end up shaping their art.
Cultures have differences regarding dress, diet, family, time, status, respect, women.
Cultures have different rules that guide the use of emotional expressions.
Cultures have distinct patterns and practices.
Cultures have fundamental beliefs that encompass the valuation of life and health.
Cultures have limits.
Cultures have their insistences.
Cultures have world views and so do individuals.
Cultures interact, exchange ideas, and influence another.
Cultures involve the world views, social structures and institutions that give meaning to life.
Cultures keep very well in a finger bowl covered with a watch glass to prevent evaporation.
Cultures leading subsistence lifestyles often have very busy schedules during subsistence seasons.
Cultures live within the repetition of patterns.
Cultures look at drinking in many ways.
Cultures lose energy, too.
Cultures manage the interface between dream and action by managing memory.
Cultures manifest themselves, from superficial to deep, in symbols, heroes, rituals and values.
Cultures mix and clash.
Cultures mix freely in the restaurant.
Cultures mix together and are becoming so international.
Cultures never overgrow their feed source and can be maintained indefinitely.
Cultures practicing infant massage have adults that are less aggressive and violent.
Cultures produce local knowledge.
Cultures produce various tendencies which shape the way arts are taught.
Cultures provide absolute proof of infection.
Cultures radically alter, collapse, and fade away.
Cultures reflect the interaction between humans and their environment.
Cultures remain useable and healthy for a month or more.
Cultures require special equipment in the laboratory including an incubator.
Cultures rise and fall, religions continually redefine themselves with every generation.
Cultures rise like gods and die, only to be reborn as canonized saints.
Cultures see themselves reflected in the stories and artworks of their artists.
Cultures smash through borders, languages, notions of ethnicity, religion and political parties.
Cultures supports alternative trade or fair trade principles and ethical shopping .
Cultures surveyed include Mesopotamia, Greece, India, Southeast Asia, and Africa.
Cultures take a few days to complete.
Cultures take about a week to confirm.
Cultures tend to be ethnocentric, seclusive, and restrictive.
Cultures tend to be integrated wholes.
Cultures tend to believe that their way of seeing is the only way, or at the least the best.
Cultures tend to flow from the reactive or proactive tendencies of the leadership.
Cultures tend to persist, though gradually changing and evolving over time.
Cultures thrive on such paradoxes.
Cultures use and see time in very different ways.
Cultures use colours symbolically in ceremonies to represent many things.
Cultures use many different calendars.
Cultures vary as to communication.
Cultures vary from nonprofit to nonprofit.
Cultures vary greatly their attitude and their acceptation of difference.
Cultures vary in the degree of specificity in their verbal messages.
Cultures vary in the way people are socialized to make decisions.
Cultures vary over space and over time.
Cultures vary significantly in terms of how sexual identities are defined and understood.
Cultures vary substantially.
Cultures vary widely and each is unique.
Cultures vary, too.
Cultures work with or without oxygen.
Cultures yield from the outside and give way to change.
Culture always flows from the higher to the lower just like water.
Cultures always change and change is accelerating.
Culture often has a profound impact on the learning and emotional health of children.
Culture often takes hundreds of years to make a change.
Cultures often borrow materials from one another.
Cultures often differ in how they handle conflict.
Culture sometimes takes a backseat.
Cultures usually contain all stages, but animals of a desired size can be harvested with screens.
Cultures usually fail for one of two reasons.
Cultures usually have sub-cultures within themselves.
All culture is about taking risks, which is what makes it so exciting, so provocative.
All culture is contained under a set of mouse ears.
All culture is cult.
All culture is ephemeral, throwaway.
All culture is learned.
All culture is now pop culture.
All culture is reduced to the sales pitch.
All culture is sacrificial .
All culture is subversive and useless.
All culture is therefore genetic but in the trivial sense that gray matter requires genetic matter.
All culture is, by definition and intent, international.
All culture tends to variety in the use of words.
All cultures anticipate it in various forms.
All cultures are constantly in flux.
All cultures are different.
All cultures are equal.
All cultures are equally important.
All cultures are essentially social.
All cultures are fearful of something.
All cultures are important.
All cultures are naturally ethnocentric.
All cultures are part of the common heritage of humanity.
All cultures are single spored upon initial collection.
All cultures are subject to extensive quality control.
All cultures can use the marae.
All cultures celebrate with food.
All cultures change over time.
All cultures change.
All cultures contain some contradictions and all cultures are constantly changing.
All cultures create forms of theater to heal, celebrate, and reveal the mystery and pain of life.
All cultures develop through ways of listening.
All cultures express themselves with symbols.
All cultures find weddings to be a wonderful occasion.
All cultures give direction to art.
All cultures have a quest for meaning.
All cultures have boundaries.
All cultures have celebrations.
All cultures have certain beliefs about death.
All cultures have clear-cut ideas about appropriate behaviour for boys and girls.
All cultures have communications infrastructures.
All cultures have customs for burying, remembering, and honoring their deceased.
All cultures have customs that help people deal with the loss of a loved one.
All cultures have good and bad points depending on who is doing the interpreting.
All cultures have groups who do the more mundane work and groups who have the exciting jobs.
All cultures have internal variations.
All cultures have long folk medicine histories that include the use of plants.
All cultures have long folk medicine traditions that include the use of plants and plant products.
All cultures have moral systems.
All cultures have more than one name.
All cultures have music, chants, drumming, poetry, and other rhythmic art forms.
All cultures have music.
All cultures have myths .
All cultures have myths that embody a basic belief system about nature.
All cultures have myths, and the myth of the hero's quest is found in all major cultures.
All cultures have myths.
All cultures have norms and standards for behavior and appearance.
All cultures have recreational activities.
All cultures have religions.
All cultures have religious beliefs.
All cultures have resurrection myths to explain the dawning of each new day.
All cultures have romantic and colourful aspects when exploited by artists as vehicles of escapism.
All cultures have shamans, who go by different names.
All cultures have some system for understanding the meaning of movement.
All cultures have some type of myths.
All cultures have special rules and limitations to what is acceptable for personal space or area.
All cultures have their bad and good things.
All cultures have their folklore.
All cultures have their gods.
All cultures have their good and bad points.
All cultures have their myths and rituals which are communicated in a similar way.
All cultures have their own distinct identity, such as music, dance, food, attire, language.
All cultures have their own myriad of dichotomies.
All cultures have their own myths.
All cultures have their own particular understanding of what constitutes gender and sexuality.
All cultures have their own rules of relationships.
All cultures have their own unique forms of art, music and way of life.
All cultures have their strengths and their weaknesses.
All cultures have their strong points, unique features and world contributions.
All cultures have unique and positive values which respect and nurture human life.
All cultures have unique concepts of time and ways of managing it.
All cultures have unique features.
All cultures have various rituals to mourn the passing of a loved one.
All cultures listed in the catalogue are available for immediate dispatch.
All cultures meet here.
All cultures possess folk medicine traditions using plants and plant products.
All cultures promote the same things to play with, from boats to balls and board games.
All cultures provide some conception of the origin of evil, many of which are remarkably similar.
All cultures pursue scientific inquiry in some manner.
All cultures recognize a variety of mouth gestures as indexes of inner emotional states.
All cultures regulate and forbid certain kinds oftouch.
All cultures rely on the survival of their languages to survive.
All cultures seek to feel and be comfortable, at home.
All cultures speak a common language.
All cultures struggle with answers to life's mysteries.
All cultures tell a story or stories about who they are and from where they come.
All cultures understand that upheaval can result in growth.
All cultures use body language.
All cultures use language to encode and share information.
All cultures value both individuality and conformity .
Any culture has much to share.
Any culture is kept alive by being nourished by fresh talent, trends, questions, and risks.
Any culture tries to hold onto to what it's losing.
Every culture affects every other one.
Every culture breaks down.
Every culture brings something to the table.
Every culture brings to the world archetypes of enlightenment.
Every culture celebrates an often unique face of the the dieties.
Every culture consecrates the milestones of life with ritual and festivity.
Every culture contains ethnic cultures and subcultures.
Every culture contains groups, but their makeup and functions differ from culture to culture.
Every culture demands our respect, and respecting other cultures includes accepting other religions.
Every culture deserves the movies that it gets.
Every culture does it.
Every culture does something for the sake of beauty that other cultures think is very strange.
Every culture embraces the world of sports in one way or another.
Every culture enshrines the concept of the mother.
Every culture features figures that bring good luck and scare away bad luck.
Every culture gets the disease it deserves.
Every culture gets the drugs it deserves.
Every culture has a balanced way of eating and specific ingredients that keep people healthy.
Every culture has a chant.
Every culture has a creation story jealously guarded by a priesthood.
Every culture has a different myth or legend of how the universe was created.
Every culture has a different story of how the world was created.
Every culture has a distinct religion they abide by and base many of their principles on.
Every culture has a distinctive style passed down through the ages.
Every culture has a healing spring and a woman who watches over it.
Every culture has a history of using medicinal plants to cure their ailments.
Every culture has a memorable type of literature.
Every culture has a religious point of view.
Every culture has a set of core values.
Every culture has a set of rules that govern how it acts and thinks.
Every culture has a special term for the stream of life energy that flows through reality.
Every culture has a story to tell.
Every culture has a story tradition.
Every culture has a version of elves.
Every culture has certain symbols and rituals surrounding death.
Every culture has childhood fairies interwoven into the fabric of their background.
Every culture has different beliefs and opinions on the correct way to raise a child.
Every culture has different legends of thier own.
Every culture has distinct characteristics that distinguish it from other countries.
Every culture has distinct characteristics that make it different from every other culture.
Every culture has folktales in which plants are instrumental to the plot.
Every culture has good food.
Every culture has hand-clapping games and rhymes.
Every culture has it's fine examples of the theatre arts.
Every culture has it's meat pies.
Every culture has it's own beliefs and traditions.
Every culture has it's own underground alternative lifestyles.
Every culture has legends and stories about their great leaders of the past.
Every culture has lullabies.
Every culture has myths .
Every culture has myths about menstruation.
Every culture has myths of ancient gods who strode through the heavens.
Every culture has people whose special interest is art.
Every culture has red imagery.
Every culture has rhythm.
Every culture has rites of passage.
Every Culture has rites of passage.
Every culture has rituals and traditions they follow.
Every culture has rules of descent that determine the nature of affiliation between two people.
Every culture has shape shifters.
Every culture has similar examples.
Every culture has some form of creativity whether it be music, dance or art.
Every culture has some form of oral tradition.
Every culture has special stories that are handed down from generation to generation.
Every culture has stories of how people get sick, get better, and stay healthy.
Every culture has stories or myths explaining how the world began or why certain events happen.
Every culture has storytellers.
Every culture has taboos against stealing.
Every culture has their fair share of saints and sinners.
Every culture has their own folk tales.
Every culture has their own representations, each with their own methods of collection.
Every culture has to say that a substance is bad.
Every culture have their own language, art, food, etc.
Every culture is a fallen culture because of the nature of fallen man.
Every culture is based on a cult.
Every culture is characterized by particular sets of stable habits.
Every culture is marked by celebration for life, and often expressed through dance and music.
Every culture is polemical and every reinvigorates itself by appreciating other cultures.
Every culture is represented here.
Every culture is represented.
Every culture is sustained by certain central myths.
Every culture needs the message of grace.
Every culture needs to be evangelized.
Every culture practices traditions of healing touch.
Every culture seems to have their own variation of such a god.
Every culture shares some form of a common meal.
Every culture speaks to the shared value of the relationship of food and health.
Every culture surrounds itself with articles and symbols that are meaningful in some way.
Every culture tells of a golden age from which man fell.
Every culture thinks of time in certain ways and uses time in certain ways.
Every culture uses some form of theatre as a means of instilling values and sharing traditions.
Many cultures often have very different ways of looking at health care.
Many cultures often keep family records.
Many cultures abound within our own neighborhood.
Many cultures also eat tarantulas, scorpions, and centipedes with good reason.
Many cultures also have their own celebration.
Many cultures are displaced and absorbed by neighboring cultures in Africa.
Many cultures are in danger of being swallowed up by industrialized consumption-oriented societies.
Many cultures attach strong significance to certain kinds and colors of flowers.
Many cultures avoid the topic of grief.
Many cultures believe that quality of life issues are more important than being efficient.
Many cultures believe that souls are released upon the wings of a bird.
Many cultures believe that what goes on between a man and wife, or a family is private.
Many cultures believe that, ultimately, the land is everything.
Many cultures believe the aurora represent the entry point to 'The Land of Souls'.
Many cultures co-exist on the Internet and at times clash.
Many cultures coexist on the Internet and at times clash.
Many cultures color the body in some way.
Many cultures complete our world.
Many cultures condone or legally sanction domestic violence.
Many cultures connect during the breakfast.
Many cultures consider cranes to be birds of peace.
Many cultures consider the cheeks and tongue delicacies.
Many cultures consider the tiger to be a symbol of strength and courage.
Many cultures consume alcohol only with food to prevent various problems.
Many cultures contribute to our businesses.
Many cultures do have ancient flood stories.
Many cultures do return their human waste to the soil.
Many cultures eat bugs all of the time.
Many cultures emphasize the individual self less than North American culture does.
Many cultures encourage first cousin marriages and their kids seem to be pretty safe.
Many cultures enjoy doing handmade design.
Many cultures feature autumnal harvest festivals , often the most important on their calendars.
Many cultures find certain forms of physical expression very appealing and uplifting to the soul.
Many cultures find homes here.
Many cultures find questions intrusive.
Many cultures have a prohibition on telling riddles during daylight hours.
Many cultures have a rich tradition of using natural images in their art works.
Many cultures have a tradition of quilting.
Many cultures have celebrations that commemorate their ancestors.
Many cultures have different forms for cardinal and ordinal numbers.
Many cultures have dragon myths.
Many cultures have for centuries used heat as a part of an overall wellness lifestyle.
Many cultures have great affinity with the spirits of departed relatives.
Many cultures have legends about hermaphroditic gods.
Many cultures have legends concerning the origins of marriage.
Many cultures have names for the moon.
Many cultures have one clever character who is always getting into trouble.
Many cultures have places that they consider to be holy.
Many cultures have stories and legends of a land or civilisation which was destroyed by water.
Many cultures have stories describing the origin of the world and universe .
Many cultures have stories that are replete with biases that can hurt children.
Many cultures have stricter conventions regarding dress and manners.
Many cultures have the tradition of making quilts.
Many cultures have their children sleep in the parents bed.
Many cultures have their own customs and rituals to respect the dead.
Many cultures have their own folk craft of paper folding.
Many cultures have their own rules of language as well as their own slang.
Many cultures have their own special tea times, customary occasions and ceremonies for drinking tea.
Many cultures have their unique version of the knife.
Many cultures have wedding ceremonies that last two hours or more.
Many cultures hold children and reproduction as poof of personal and economic validation.
Many cultures honor women during their menstrual flow.
Many cultures incorporate nuts into main dishes and other non-dessert foods.
Many cultures lead to mathematics .
Many cultures mend even consequently valuable, when sum rode anybody.
Many cultures merge here and the guaranteed sunshine gives cause for innumerable festivities.
Many cultures offer pescetarian-friendly cuisine.
Many cultures pierce noses.
Many cultures place a higher value on logical thinking while ignoring other aspects of intelligence.
Many cultures put high value on peace, right action and sharing.
Many cultures put high value on peace, right action, and sharing.
Many cultures recognise the importance of music and sound as a healing power.
Many cultures recognize the importance of music and sound as a healing power.
Many cultures recognize the universal theme of gratitude at different times throughout the year.
Many cultures refer to the stars as eternal.
Many cultures refuse to eat certain foods.
Many cultures reject the American emphasis on individual rights.
Many cultures rely on ancient texts and ideas for advice and guidance in today's world.
Many cultures respect their old and wise men and women.
Many cultures say one thing and do another.
Many cultures share a profound belief that water is the basic sustenance of humankind.
Many cultures simply boil and eat chicory roots like parsnips or carrots.
Many cultures study the dietary analysis of food habits.
Many cultures tend to be influenced by the U.S., yet.
Many cultures tout asparagus as an aphrodisiac.
Many cultures use a lunar calendar, with dates of religious observance varying from year to year.
Many cultures use completely different calendarsanyway.
Many cultures use dance and visual representation to tell their stories.
Many cultures use dried animal dung as a fuel.
Many cultures use ladder terminology to describe the ascent of dead bodies.
Many cultures use meal time as a way to spend quality time with family and friends.
Many cultures use storytelling to teach children values and the history of their people.
Many cultures use the trunks and seeds as a source of starch.
Many cultures view fire as a symbol of wisdom and knowledge.
Many cultures view the egg as a symbol of the universe.
Most culture affects attitude.
Most culture affects beliefs.
Most culture builds monuments.
Most culture builds stone monuments.
Most culture causes problems.
Most culture consists of individuals.
Most culture determines different values.
Most culture determines values.
Most culture develops methods.
Most culture eats pork.
Most culture eats potato.
Most culture encourages consumption.
Most culture encourages development.
Most culture encourages growth.
Most culture encourages professional growth.
Most culture focuses on growth.
Most culture focuses on term growth.
Most culture gets growth.
Most culture has beliefs.
Most culture has calendars.
Most culture has concepts.
Most culture has culture.
Most culture has customs.
Most culture has different beliefs.
Most culture has different values.
Most culture has festivals.
Most culture has fundamental values.
Most culture has growth.
Most culture has immediate impact.
Most culture has impact.
Most culture has legends.
Most culture has origins.
Most culture has patterns.
Most culture has problems.
Most culture has reaction patterns.
Most culture has sex.
Most culture has stories.
Most culture has tendencies.
Most culture has tradition.
Most culture has values.
Most culture has winter festivals.
Most culture makes observations.
Most culture produces reaction.
Most culture provides opportunity.
Most culture requires power.
Most culture shows presence.
Most culture uses childbirth.
Most culture uses food.
Most culture uses natural resources.
Most culture uses references.
Most culture uses resources.
Most culture uses sexual references.
Most cultures accentuate and glorify the differences between the sexes.
Most cultures are now anti-male.
Most cultures are on microfiche and a few are in both formats.
Most cultures begin their inquiry into fire with the tamed flame.
Most cultures believe in a higher life force and are in awe of the unexplainable.
Most cultures believe in life after death.
Most cultures believe it is ethically wrong, too.
Most cultures believe the capacity for wisdom increases with age.
Most cultures consider obedience a virtue.
Most cultures defines success by income, and material accumulation.
Most cultures discourage extramarital sexuality but accept premarital coitus as normal.
Most cultures distinguish between outsiders and insiders and animals are no exceptions.
Most cultures encourage the male population to express their sexuality freely.
Most cultures exhibit a particular configuration or style.
Most cultures generally recognize only two types of bodies - female and male bodies.
Most cultures have a geographic basis.
Most cultures have a grammar with past and future tenses.
Most cultures have a locally available natural substance they use to reduce tension.
Most cultures have a tradition of herbal medicine.
Most cultures have an equivalent of marriage, be it official or otherwise.
Most cultures have ceremonies to mark death.
Most cultures have far too few celebrations and few measures focusing on improvement.
Most cultures have goddesses in their pantheon.
Most cultures have laws or taboos which prevent marriage between closely related adults.
Most cultures have legends that are passed on from generation to generation.
Most cultures have no such choice.
Most cultures have some form of warrior.
Most cultures have some sort of stick and ball game, cricket being the most well-known.
Most cultures have specific designs and colour schemes that can be identified.
Most cultures have taboos against drinking blood.
Most cultures make use of masks, often for ceremonial purposes.
Most cultures practise activities which lead to an experience of centred calm.
Most cultures seem to like precise intonation but also like to experiment with it.
Most cultures surround alcohol consumption with ritual.
Most cultures think of people as becoming adults at various ages of the teenage years.
Most cultures think of themselves as free while regarding others as coerced.
Most cultures understand and appreciate the performance of working animals.
Most cultures use insects and other invertebrates as part of their daily diet.
Most cultures use some form of clothing.
Some culture adds yogurt.
Some culture becomes carriers.
Some culture becomes multiplication.
Some culture celebrates festivals.
Some culture celebrates spring festivals.
Some culture comprises ancestry.
Some culture creates bases.
Some culture creates customer bases.
Some culture creates huge problems.
Some culture creates loyal customer bases.
Some culture creates pressure.
Some culture creates problems.
Some culture creates universities.
Some culture depends on cattle.
Some culture eats meat.
Some culture gives negative tests.
Some culture gives positive tests.
Some culture gives tests.
Some culture has active enzymes.
Some culture has enzymes.
Some culture has inactive enzymes.
Some culture has metabolic enzymes.
Some culture has mites.
Some culture includes egg embryos.
Some culture includes embryos.
Some culture includes midwifes.
Some culture increases excretion.
Some culture increases sodium excretion.
Some culture increases urinary excretion.
Some culture increases urinary sodium excretion.
Some culture is recycled into effluent stream.
Some culture offers lessons.
Some culture offers plenty.
Some culture produces acid.
Some culture promotes education.
Some culture provides communities.
Some culture provides defense.
Some culture provides effective defense.
Some culture provides individuals.
Some culture recognizes growth patterns.
Some culture recognizes patterns.
Some culture recognizes similar growth patterns.
Some culture recognizes similar patterns.
Some culture requires deposition.
Some culture requires levels.
Some culture requires sterilization.
Some culture sees effects.
Some culture shows growth.
Some culture shows infection.
Some culture uses classic wool.
Some culture uses gingkoes.
Some culture uses llama wool.
Some culture uses nuts.
Some culture uses oily nuts.
Some culture uses parsleys.
Some culture uses sea vegetables.
Some culture uses techniques.
Some culture uses vegetables.
Some culture uses wool.
Some culture visits ports.
Some cultures abuse camel dung as a form a hashish.
Some cultures accept and justify domestic violence more than others.
Some cultures also consume the tender shoots and leaves.
Some cultures are clearly higher in civicness both here and abroad.
Some cultures are extremely private about their family and personal lives.
Some cultures are extremely sexually restrictive to their young.
Some cultures are lazy, while some work harder.
Some cultures are more cohesive, coherent, rigid and well-bounded and constrained.
Some cultures are more free in their modes of expression.
Some cultures are more receptive than others to changes in technology.
Some cultures are more reticent, some more outgoing, some more suspicious of foreigners.
Some cultures are more successful than others at teaching their children.
Some cultures are reluctant to ask for clarification during class such as the American culture does.
Some cultures are time conscious.
Some cultures attach a considerable social stigma to childlessness.
Some cultures avoid giving people a name of an animal.
Some cultures believe in rapid psychological movement beyond grief.
Some cultures believe that moonlight is as important as sunlight.
Some cultures believe that powdered tiger bones have medicinal values.
Some cultures believe that Virginia opossum meat has medical properties.
Some cultures believe the lights to be the actual spirits of their dead.
Some cultures believe tiger bone powder has medicinal values.
Some cultures call it ranking out.
Some cultures can also limit a women's access to health services.
Some cultures can only survive in the early stages, for example.
Some cultures change over time.
Some cultures commonly begin their names with their surnames.
Some cultures consider body odor normal, acceptable, and even erotic.
Some cultures consider nose hair coming out from the nostrils to be ugly .
Some cultures consider nose hair coming out from the nostrils to be ugly.
Some cultures consider the dead to value food and water, and for spirits to be thirsty and hungry.
Some cultures consider white lions to be divine.
Some cultures create a very strong duality of good and evil.
Some cultures differ.
Some cultures distinguish five genders.
Some cultures do it by beating gongs and bells to drive away the old and usher in the new.
Some cultures do it while talking.
Some cultures do it with an emphasis on beauty where others do it as a way of life.
Some cultures don t have it, and others are in danger of losing it.
Some cultures drink the water that rice is cooked in to treat diarrhea.
Some cultures eat certain animals that others find unthinkable to eat.
Some cultures embrace a dichotomous view of the role of the school and the role of the home.
Some cultures equate the two taboos.
Some cultures even consider a diamond to be a congealed drop of sunlight.
Some cultures even lack the supposed universal symptom of menopause - the hot flash.
Some cultures express themselves in music, or by making huge monuments.
Some cultures extol the use of force to preserve the status of the male.
Some cultures find an open bathroom offensive.
Some cultures find scales easier to use than others.
Some cultures get very emotional when they are debating an issue.
Some cultures go as far as considering the woman to be the property of others.
Some cultures have a far different approach.
Some cultures have a plethora of male citations and none at all of women.
Some cultures have a unique way of identifying individuals who are invaluable and irreplaceable.
Some cultures have a wheel of the day as well as the yearly one.
Some cultures have lunar calendars, however.
Some cultures have more freedom and expect high expertise from their leaders.
Some cultures have no written language.
Some cultures have stronger opinions about certain topics than others.
Some cultures have traditional beliefs attached to birds.
Some cultures hold that all life is sacred.
Some cultures judge a person's wealth based on the number of camels they own.
Some cultures just stop sporulating after several propagation cycles.
Some cultures learn and remember through songs.
Some cultures name only two colours, others name three or four.
Some cultures only accept their particular cultural definition of the term animal .
Some cultures only work every other day.
Some cultures overtly parade certain types of sins to which the missionary is vulnerable.
Some cultures permit more subjugation and intimidation of women than do others.
Some cultures permit the killing of newborns, whereas others debate abortion of the unborn.
Some cultures pierce their daughter s ears at birth and others wait much later.
Some cultures place a high value on reticence.
Some cultures place an emphasis on dealing with the entire body when a person dies.
Some cultures practice cannibalism after a natural death.
Some cultures react to a crisis with loud expressions of grief.
Some cultures regard negative language as insulting, embarrassing or shameful.
Some cultures reject the phylogenetic adaptations of the human species.
Some cultures require that the person who was saved become the slave of their savior.
Some cultures retain many of their superstitions and folk beliefs.
Some cultures revere bats as bearers of good fortune or messengers from the spirit world.
Some cultures revere the third-phase archetype.
Some cultures routinely cordon off precious data from outsiders, women, children, and other pariahs.
Some cultures say north, some east, some south.
Some cultures still hunt whales for food.
Some cultures still practice the art of puppetry.
Some cultures still see art-making as the province of all citizens.
Some cultures stress individualism and others stress collectivism.
Some cultures stress individuality more and others stress group identity more.
Some cultures strongly resist the acquisition of new words from other languages.
Some cultures take offence at brief exchanges using short sentences or declarative language.
Some cultures teach their values predomi nantly through stories.
Some cultures tend to build up rigid taboos and others tend to treat it rather lightly.
Some cultures tend to touch each other more than others.
Some cultures throw the herbs into boiling water for steam or directly onto a fire.
Some cultures use a lot of gesturing.
Some cultures use age sets and grades to establish a member's rank in society or age stage.
Some cultures use bears for food and folk medicine .
Some cultures use female genital mutilation as a female s initiation rite into adulthood.
Some cultures use herbs and other concoctions to combat illness.
Some cultures use masks to frighten away evil spirits.
Some cultures use memos and e-mails as a formal means of communication.
Some cultures use only selected pictorial cues to represent depth.
Some cultures use pen and paper to record their histories.
Some cultures use remoras to catch turtles.
Some cultures use sexual mutilations as a tribal mark.
Some cultures use the intestines to read omens.
Some cultures utilize their elderly in many ways, while others just a few.
Some cultures value a full figure over a slender one.
Some cultures value female fatness when courting a women.
Some cultures value some styles more than others.
Some cultures vehemently oppose taking pictures of people.
Some cultures view conflict as a positive thing, while others view it as something to be avoided.
Some cultures view long eye contact as aggressive while others perceive it as showing interest.
Some cultures yield five or six species, and they are assigned consecutive letters.
Cultured algae is more reliable but requires special equipment and experience.
Cultured cells are preferred.
Cultured marble is a blend of natural marble dust and tough polyster binders.
Cultured marble is available in blue, green or black.
Cultured marble is plastic and natural marble is stone.
Cultured marble is sealed with mildew proof silicon.
Cultured marble is very rugged with a hard waterproof, stain proof surface.
Cultured mussels feed on crystal clear water and the meats are consistently plump and clean.
Cultured mussels rely on an adequate supply of natural food, primarily phytoplankton.
Cultured pearls are another local industry, and a number of shops have pearl jewellery for sale.
Cultured pearls are from the oyster family in the ocean or salt water.
Cultured pearls are made by tiny  being purposely put into the oysters to begin making pearls.
Cultured pearls are made by tiny being purposely put into the oysters to begin making pearls .
Cultured pearls are obtained by carefully inserting a tiny bit of shell or plastic into the mantle.
Cultured pearls begin as blanks cut from the shells of freshwater mussels.
Cultured pearls come in a variety of colors from rose to black.
Cultured pearls fall into a special category.
Cultured pearls occur in colors from ros to black.
Cultured pearls occur in colors from rose to black.
Cultured pearls share the same properties as natural pearls and are grown by live oysters.
Cultured pearls show a yellowish fluorescence, natural salt-water pearls are usually inert.
Cultured pearls tend to have a larger core or nucleus.
Cultured Pearls View our jewelry selection and choose from a wide variety of options.
Cultured salmon pose a genetic threat if they escape and reproduce with fish in the river.
Cultured skin is created using the foreskins of circumcised infants.
Cultured skin looks and feels like normal skin, and when wounded, can even heal itself.
Cultured skin offers new hope for chronic wounds, but, as with burns, prevention is the best bet.
Cultured stone is used extensively on the interior of homes as well as the exterior.
Cultured stone is very popular right now.
Cultured stone marks up very easily.
Some cultured yeast is added, and charcoal is included for denaturing.
A culvert is a pipe
Culverts are also flushed during the activity.
Culverts are barriers to migration.
Culverts are drains.
Culverts are often round but can be other shapes as well.
Culverts are pipes that bring water under a road or trail.
Culverts backing up cause many road problems.
Culverts can be the best way to cross trout streams in Virginia, provided certain actions are taken.
Culverts can block fish passage and alter water flow.
Culverts can either help a salmon cross a barrier or block a salmon's path.
Culverts concentrate and accelerate water which increases soil erosion proportionally.
Culverts dump storm water into the creek at three locations south of the bridge.
Culverts have a limited capacity.
Culverts perched above the level of the stream bed can also prevent fish migration upstream.
Culverts represent an economical way of constructing a permanent crossing on small streams.
Culverts run under piles to deliver humidity and oxygen to the pile of potatoes.
Culverts often create barriers to the upstream migration of juvenile fish.
Cum facials are cool too.
Cum facials are even better.
Cum Shots are dominant.
Cum shots say hello is in with whores tits go to couples.
A cum is humour
Cum bonis ambula.
Cum broads art and the avi swinger.
Cum browse around.
Cum check it out at the site that has real blondes, from head to pussy .
Cum check it out.
Cum check out our sexy lingerie amateurs.
Cum check out the free pics.
Cum experience a little extcee.
Cum experience our latest sex videos.
Cum guzzling pornstar sluts want cock.
Cum intiv the sittin room.
Cum lesbians anal sex longpenis if daily or free anal.
Cum play with daddy.
Cum privilegio decennali.
Cum see ebony girls play.
Cum see free porn samples.
Cum see free skin NOW .
Cum see hundreds of amateur women having wild sex.
Cum see interracial sex.
Cum see our asian girls in hot xxx hardcore oral and anal action.
Cum see our Asian girls in hot xxx hardcore oral and anal action.
Cum see our big fat nude girls inside.
Cum see our ebony babes give it up.
Cum see our free gay men with big hard dicks and tight asses.
Cum see our progress photos.
Cum see our teen lesbian amateur in their first lesbian adventure.
Cum see pregnant and lactating girls having wild preggo sex.
Cum see teen lesbians and tight young pussy suck pink lesban lez lezzie clit and lesbians.
Cum see the free pictures.
Cum see the little lesbian vixens licking free thumbnailed pussy and humping the fellas.
Cum see the sex-crazed men.
Cum see why.
Cum see young nude amateur girl go hardcore.
Cum shots in three different galleries.
Cum shots on the face is good too.
Cum shots Online blonde bikini messy facial cum shot pics and cum baths.
Cum view our free teen sex photos that are arranged in thumbnail galleries.
Cum visit our teens and see our hardcore pictures of teen pussy.
Cum visit the hottest, youngest slutbabes on the internet.
Cum watch amateur blowjob thumbnails of free nude women pictures, oral sex picture.
Cum watch amateur teen girlfriends in dick sucking pictures .
Cum watch amateur woman pic in dick sucking movie.
Cum watch big blackie get deepthoated.
Cum watch footjobs video and dick sucking mpg, free hardcore sex thumbnails.
Cum watch free amateur women photo if dick sucking mpeg, upskirt pictures .
Cum watch free blowjob photos or free blowjob mpegs, blowjobs mpegs.
Cum watch free hardcore porn gifs, in free xxx pics, free porn pics.
Cum watch free nude women mpeg of free x rated pic, free porn pics.
Cum watch free porno noise if hardcore sex sounds.
Cum watch free toe sucking mpeg but dormatory cams.
Cum watch free x rated mpegs, but movie, pussy mpgs.
Cum watch fucking avis with free x rated mpeg, free fucking videos.
Cum watch ladies sucking cock, if cumshot pic, dick sucking video.
Cum watch pussy eating avi, in hardcore sex stories, porn wav.
Cum watch xxx avis in free fucking video.
CUMS hereby denies any responsibility for any inaccuracies or omissions.
Cumbersome quotes bog down a story.
Cumbria isa thing.
Cumbrian people have more plutonium in their bones than any other people.
Cumbrian Pointers Can.
CUME is a reasonable goal.
CUME is the fifth building on the left.
A cumin seed is a seed
Cumin seeds are also good in curing sinusitis.
Cumin seeds are strong and spicy.
Cumin seeds helps in digestion.
A cumin is a seed
Cumin grows readily from seed.
Cumin is available as whole seed and ground.
Cumin is available in seed and ground forms.
Cumin likes full sun and very well-drained soil so does well throughout the Southwest.
Cumin thrives on rich, well-drained sandy loam soil.
Cumins are herbs.
Cumins are part of cumins.
Cumins are plants.
Cumins are spices.
Cummulative indexes are now available to most of the series.
Cummulative selection takes the products of the last selection and goes on.
Cumulative change can occur in ecosystems such as watersheds.
Cumulative counters show how browser requests and cache fills have been conducted since last reboot.
Cumulative damage occurs and the tendon loses elasticity.
Cumulative deficits reach one trillion.
Cumulative departures can never exceed cumulative arrivals.
Cumulative effect is a key determinant in the formulation of compensatory damages.
Cumulative effect limits the number of copies that can be made.
Cumulative effect limits the total number of works that can be copied each class term.
Cumulative effect requires that the copied material be for only one course.
Cumulative effect states that copying is for one course only in the school in which copies are made.
Cumulative effects are unlikely since folic acid is water soluble and usually rapidly excreted.
Cumulative effects occur in altered growth, reproduction, tissue, and behavior.
Cumulative energy leads to action.
Cumulative evidence is additional evidence of the same character to the same point.
Cumulative evidence is defined as additional evidence of the same kind to the same point.
Cumulative evidence is defined as evidence that repli- cates other admitted evidence.
Cumulative exams tend to stress overarching themes, concepts, and skills.
Cumulative exercise is okay, but fat oxidation is best if exercise is continuous.
Cumulative fatigue occurs, and an extended off-duty time period is needed to recover.
Cumulative frequency associated with each score or interval is indicated by a point.
Cumulative impacts represent the sum of many smaller impacts from many different project proposals.
Cumulative incidence is calculated from incidence density or estimated as an attack rate.
Cumulative index contains references to the Dictionary of Literary Biography.
Cumulative index is in the most recent volume.
Cumulative index is provided for company names, personal names and industries.
Cumulative index offers easy access to people and news topics.
Cumulative index provides searching for a particular author.
Cumulative index refers to reference numbers in monthly issues.
Cumulative indexes appear regularly, so use index from the most recent issue.
Cumulative indexes are separate volumes.
Cumulative indexes cover five and ten year periods.
Cumulative indexes help locate the appropriate set.
Cumulative indexing is available through volume seventeen.
Cumulative investment includes reinvestment of proceeds received from a qualified investment.
Cumulative misconduct can amount to gross misconduct.
Cumulative mode allows split stops and displays cumulative splits.
Cumulative points earned at the nine events determine class champions.
Cumulative rainfall is above normal in half of the meteorological stations.
Cumulative rainfall is above normal since the beginning of the growing season.
Cumulative rainfall is above normal.
Cumulative rainfall is also normal to above normal in most areas.
Cumulative rainfall is below average except in the west and the south-west.
Cumulative rainfall is generally above last year's level and above average.
Cumulative rainfall is generally above normal.
Cumulative rainfall is generally below normal.
Cumulative rainfall is generally normal to above normal.
Cumulative rainfall is reported above normal in about half of the meteorological stations.
Cumulative rainfall remains below normal for most parts of the country.
Cumulative rates indicate how many pregnancies occur when a female undergoes more than one cycle.
Cumulative returns illustrate returns for the full periods shown.
Cumulative review is evaluated by counting the number of successive incorrect answers.
Cumulative reviews begin to appear in chapter two.
Cumulative risk can defeat the most resilient individual.
Cumulative scores are available as total raw scores and average standard scores.
Cumulative selection is the key to all our modern explanations of life.
Cumulative sentences are a nice way to add detail.
Cumulative sightings grouped by species and date are available in digitial form.
Cumulative statistics are from startup.
Cumulative stress accelerates aging.
Cumulative tales have repetitive lines that build on one another.
Cumulative team wins stirred up attention and a top-five ranking most of the way.
Cumulative time is shown below the playlist.
Cumulative totals are for all groups combined.
Cumulative Totals are visible to both players continuously.
Cumulative toxicity is observed with lidocaine and mexiletine used together.
Cumulative volume is hard cover.
Cumulative volume is perfect-bound.
Cumulative votes are elections.
Cumulative voting allows minority shareholders to elect a minority representative to the board.
Cumulative voting gives voters the same number of votes as there are seats to vote for.
Cumulative voting has no such incentives.
Cumulative voting helps to avoid most of that.
Cumulative voting is easy to explain briefly, and thus a good choice to illustrate a PR system.
Cumulative voting is most effective the larger the number of places to be filled on the board.
Cumulative voting is used to elect representatives in many companies .
Cumulative voting is used to elect representatives in many companies.
Cumuliform clouds are common over mountainous areas during summertime.
Cumuliform clouds are just one type of cloud.
Cumuliform clouds Cumuliform clouds are flat-based, massive, globular clouds.
Cumulonimbus clouds associate with intense thunderstorms.
Cumulonimbus clouds associate with powerful thunderstorms.
Cumulonimbus clouds associate with thunderstorms.
Cumulonimbus clouds have tops.
Cumulonimbus clouds produce precipitation.
Cumulonimbus clouds result in clouds.
Cumulonimbus clouds result in wall clouds.
Most cumulonimbus clouds associate with intense thunderstorms.
Most cumulonimbus clouds associate with powerful thunderstorms.
Most cumulonimbus clouds associate with thunderstorms.
Most cumulonimbus clouds have tops.
Most cumulonimbus clouds produce precipitation.
Most cumulonimbus clouds result in clouds.
Most cumulonimbus clouds result in wall clouds.
Some cumulonimbus clouds have regions.
Some cumulonimbus clouds produce heavy rain.
Some cumulonimbus clouds produce rain.
Cumulonimbus isa phenomenon.
Cumulonimus clouds can last for a few minutes, or, in the case of huge storms, twelve hours or more.
Cumulose material is organic matter that has grown and accumulates in place.
A cumulus cloud is a cloud
Cumulus clouds are classified as low yet vertically building clouds.
Cumulus clouds are clouds that have significant vertical development.
Cumulus clouds are clouds.
Cumulus clouds are convective clouds.
Cumulus clouds are detached cauliflower shaped clouds usually spotted in fair weather.
Cumulus clouds are large clouds that sometimes look like big, fluffy cotton balls.
Cumulus clouds are lumpy and can stretch high into the sky.
Cumulus clouds are optically thick.
Cumulus clouds are puffy clouds that form in warm weather.
Cumulus clouds are puffy white clouds that usually have a flat base and they can bring bad weather.
Cumulus clouds are the fluffy, white cotton ball or cauliflower-looking clouds with sharp outlines.
Cumulus clouds are the lovely, puffy ones that are good for finding shapes in.
Cumulus clouds are usually very isolated with large areas of blue sky in between the clouds.
Cumulus clouds are very common, especially in warm and moist climates.
Cumulus clouds are white, puffy clouds that look like pieces of floating cotton.
Cumulus clouds bring weather.
Cumulus clouds can continue to build into towering cumulonimbus , or thunderstorms.
Cumulus clouds can look like animals or people.
Cumulus clouds change to cumulonimbus clouds.
Cumulus clouds come in four distinct species, cumulis humilis, mediocris, congestus, and fractus.
Cumulus clouds deliver rain.
Cumulus clouds form the background.
Cumulus clouds form via atmospheric convection as air warmed by the surface begins to rise.
Cumulus clouds form when air, heated by the sun, rises and cools like bubbles rising in an aquarium.
Cumulus clouds form when strong air currents point upwards.
Cumulus clouds form when thermals carry moisture upwards.
Cumulus clouds have sharp outlines and a flat base.
Cumulus clouds identify regions where moisture is mixed to the cloud condensation level.
Cumulus clouds indicate fair weather.
Cumulus clouds indicate weather.
Cumulus clouds look like cotton balls and cirrus clouds look like strands of angel hair.
Cumulus clouds look like fluffy balls of cotton wool.
Cumulus clouds look like puffs of cotton piled in a heap.
Cumulus clouds make beautiful sunsets.
Cumulus clouds owe their existence to the heating of the earth's surface by the sun.
Cumulus clouds resemble heaps of cotton or a piece of popcorn, or even cauliflower.
Cumulus clouds show development.
Cumulus clouds stack like donuts into a flanking line of clouds.
Most cumulus clouds bring weather.
Most cumulus clouds deliver rain.
Most cumulus clouds indicate fair weather.
Most cumulus clouds indicate weather.
Cumulus assumes a certain level of weather station functionality.
Cumulus assumes programming responsibility for the stations effective today.
Cumulus cloudson each side of the mountains.
Cumulus derives from the Latin word for heap.
Cumulus humilis clouds usually indicate fair weather.
Cumulus is a cloud
Cumulus is clouds.
Cumulus isa phenomenon.
Some cumulus features layers.
Cunning isa intelligence.
A cunt is a fanny
Cunt is too hard.
Every cup of coffee is fresh.
Cup of tea is an activity
Cups of tea are always welcome, and be sure to provide meals if the activity goes over a meal time.
A cup is a container
Cup isa container.
Cup isa crockery.
Cups also loose their shape.
CUPS also permits options to be specified on the command line.
Cups are a lesser breed, thin, vain, temperamental.
Cups are available at the location.
Cups are available in glass, bamboo or a type that allows for auto-suction.
Cups are available in silver, black, blue and red.
Cups are capped after weighing to avoid moisture loss.
CUPS are circular hollows carved out of the rock by a sharp stone or antler.
Cups are containers.
Cups are cotton-lined for comfort.
Cups are durable and dishwasher safe.
Cups are emotions, wands work, coins money and swords trouble and strife.
Cups are greenish mineral-grey.
Cups are hand-lacquered bowls used for drinking saki.
Cups are holes.
Cups are less likely to throw off polish than brushes.
Cups are lined with soft tricot for additional support.
Cups are located in apartments.
Cups are located in cafes.
Cups are located in closets.
Cups are located in counters.
Cups are located in dishwashers.
Cups are located in drinks.
Cups are located in kitchen cabinets.
Cups are located in kitchens.
Cups are located in restaurants.
Cups are located in sand boxs.
Cups are located in shelfs.
Cups are located in sinks.
Cups are located in tables.
Cups are located in water fountains.
Cups are optional and mouthpieces and handpads are recommended.
Cups are punch.
Cups are relative to style sizes so cups gets bigger as sizes increases.
Cups are safer than bottles and teats because they are easier to keep clean.
Cups are soft of polyester lace.
Cups are software.
Cups are trophies.
Cups are unbranched, round-toothed, and curled inward on margins.
Cups are used for drinking.
Cups are used for holds.
Cups are used for measuring.
Cups are used for trophies.
Cups are vessels.
Cups ask for a decision between multiple options.
Cups attach to a removable clip.
Cups can be yellow, red, orange, green or pink.
Cups collapse for easy storage, and both instruments come with a custom carrying case.
Cups come in three sizes.
Cups come singly or in sets of two or more.
Cups cost five to ten cents.
Cups depict the Arthurian legends.
Cups differ in size and dosing measurements.
CUPS exercise on binary stars .
CUPS exercise on stellar interiors .
Cups feature light boning for shaping and support.
Cups feature light boning for shaping.
Cups fill with beverages.
Cups fill with favorite beverages.
Cups fill with hot liquids.
Cups fill with liquids.
Cups fill with water.
Cups filled with scented sand serve as the discriminative cues.
Cups generally refer to affairs of the heart, to love and joy, the emotional aspects of life.
Cups give member clubs the opportunity to compete for state, regional and national titles.
Cups have (part) sections.
Cups have a design with vintage grapes.
Cups have darts for smooth shaping.
Cups have gold pattern.
Cups have images of circus life.
Cups have liquids.
Cups have rims.
Cups have width.
Cups hold water.
Cups litter the highway, abandoned by weary walkers.
Cups range from tumblers to teacups, and from functional to sculptural.
Cups represent agriculture, land, peasantry.
Cups represent the element of water.
Cups runneth over.
Cups sit on desks.
CUPS truly represents the potpourri of oncology.
Cups Use paper or styrofoam cups.
Cups usually stand out clearly.
All cups are present by age five.
All cups can be ampty sometimes.
Every cup counts . . .
Many cup bring merely, until few rush before several competitors attempted.
Most cups fill with beverages.
Most cups fill with favorite beverages.
Most cups fill with hot liquids.
Most cups fill with liquids.
Most cups fill with water.
Most cups have rims.
Most cups have width.
Most cups hold water.
Most cups sit on desks.
Some cups are footed and a rare few are pedestaled.
Some cups are made of mud.
Some cups are made of polystyrene.
Some cups contain cantaloupe.
Some cups contain cold water.
Some cups contain elements.
Some cups contain fiber.
Some cups contain leaves.
Some cups contain low temperature water.
Some cups contain low water.
Some cups contain nutrients.
Some cups contain phosphorus.
Some cups contain proteins.
Some cups contain room temperature water.
Some cups contain sugar.
Some cups contain water.
Some cups cook lentils.
Some cups encourage growth.
Some cups fill with corn.
Some cups fill with ice.
Some cups fill with liquid nitrogen.
Some cups fill with mixture.
Some cups fill with nitrogen.
Some cups fill with soil mixture.
Some cups fill with vinegar.
Some cups have advantage.
Some cups have banana scent.
Some cups have caffeine.
Some cups have domes.
Some cups have energy.
Some cups have marble.
Some cups have materials.
Some cups have scent.
Some cups have survival.
Some cups have sweet scent.
Some cups have temperature.
Some cups have thermal energy.
Some cups help constipation.
Some cups offer values.
Some cups provide intake.
Some cups provide iron intake.
Some cups show disintegration.
A cupboard is storage space
Cupboard attract around no sixty if choose mystery buffs.
Cupboard disappear underneath that boy before sink devil's own.
Cupboard disappear underneath that boy before sink guns.
Cupboard disappear underneath that boy before sink john lee hooker.
Cupboard disappear underneath that boy before sink lord stanley.
Cupboard dunlop golf.
Cupboard isa structure.
Cupboard look Sellers before the boat between most barrel.
Cupboard womens golf equipment.
Cupboards are abundant and spacious, and the L-shaped countertop is faux marble.
Cupboards are cabinets.
Cupboards are closets.
Cupboards are compound words.
Cupboards are located in pantries.
Cupboards are made of wood.
Cupboards are press.
Cupboards are storage space.
Cupboards are used for dishs.
Cupboards have (part) bases.
Cupboards have (part) sections.
Cupboards have doors.
Cupboards have six door and four handle alternatives.
Cupboards holding extra chairs, food and table linens are behind the table.
Cupboards line the rounded walls.
All cupboards are in original condition.
Most cupboards are full of toxic materials.
Most cupboards have doors.
Some cupboards enhance health.
Cupcake liners Pour some water into a pan until it is about an inch deep and bring it to a boil.
A cupcake is a cake
Cupcakes are cakes.
Cupcakes are college football teams that have no business being on the field with the home team.
Cupcakes are food.
Cupcakes are like cakes but smaller.
Cupcakes are out.
Cupcakes are solid objects.
Cupcakes work well with small children.
CUPE bargains jointly with the two universities.
Cupes comes out of hiding.
A cupid is an emblem
Cupid adorns the newell post at the foot of the stairwell, lighting the way to guestrooms.
Cupid also points out our idolatrous ways with a deft touch.
Cupid comes from an entirely different source, the ancient Roman collection of gods.
Cupid compassionately changes the bridegroom into a man.
Cupid continually threatens disorder.
Cupid covers the bed on which Mars and Venus make love with roses.
Cupid flees to Venus.
Cupid flies around carrying weapons.
Cupid floats in on a cloud.
Cupid gets a nudge.
Cupid grasps the reins.
Cupid has little to do with love anymore.
Cupid has other ideas and intimacy develops anyway.
Cupid has pretty markings also.
Cupid impatiently awaits the lesson which Venus prepares to teach.
Cupid is a notoriously indiscriminate marksman.
Cupid is a playful god who likes to scamper about shooting tender golden-tipped arrows.
Cupid is about to rule the holiday online shopping surge.
Cupid is alive and well and living in cyberspace.
Cupid is all around.
Cupid is attached to the foam base with picks.
Cupid is boss .
Cupid is in trouble.
Cupid is often.
Cupid is stupid, too.
Cupid is the mythical matchmaker who carries bows and arrows.
Cupid is the psychologist on the team.
Cupid is the son of the goddess Aphrodite or Venus.
Cupid is the son of the goddess of love and is always part of celebration of love and lovers.
Cupid is the son of Venus, the Roman goddess of love and beauty.
Cupid is well pleased and decides to call it anight.
Cupid just couldn t stop grinning.
Cupid makes people fall in love and songs rekindle that certain something that lovers have lost.
Cupid needs to relax for a few more weeks.
Cupid never fails, assisted by a band.
Cupid seems to be resolving the young man's dilemma.
Cupid stands guard and comes with the doll.
Cupid stems from the Latin word cupitas which means desire.
Cupid symbolizes desire for the love of another person.
Cupid wears a flowing ribbon and is carrying a large heart.
Cupid welcomes visitors by appointment.
Cupids are emblems.
Cupids are planets.
Cupids dominate the room and create the perfect romantic atmosphere.
Cupids dominate the room and create the perfect romatic atmosphere.
Cupids go into motion when playing .
Some cupids shoot arrows of gold and lead at a stone, a very skilfully executed subject.
Cupido people are elegant looking, dress well, fashionably and are extremely social.
A cupola is a dome
Cupola sides with louvers or windows.
Cupolas are a simple but extremely efficient form of ventilation.
Cupolas are an essential part of a barn's design, drawing hot air from animals and hay in the barn.
Cupolas are domes.
Cupolas are furnaces.
Cupolas are primarily for iron and higher temp non-ferrous metals such as bronze.
Cupolas can be functional and used for ventilation or can just be a decorative accent.
Cupolas occasionally act as the main roof of a tower, spire, or turret.
All cupolas are weathervane ready .
All cupolas come bare wood and are ready for painting or staining.
Cupping also works very quickly and effectively.
Cupping has a long history in the West for the treatment of bronchopneumonia and acute myelitis.
Cupping involves placing heated bell-like jars on specific areas of the body.
Cupping is a concave wear pattern, usually on the outer edges of the front tires.
Cupping is a condition caused by the tire bouncing as it rolls.
Cupping is a modality that uses a partial vacuum in a specially designed glass or plastic cup.
Cupping is a process of professional tasters.
Cupping is another heat therapy using the physical property of fire.
Cupping is another type of treatment.
Cupping is applied to help mobilize blood flow and encourage healing.
Cupping is expressed in terms of a cup to disc ratio.
Cupping is good.
Cupping is prescribed especially for bronchial congestion and arthritis.
Cupping is the treatment of disease by suction of the skin surface.
Cupping is useful for muscle injury, joint pain, headaches, and acute bronchial congestion.
Cupping is, as the vulgar say, safe as houses.
Cupping means tasting in coffee talk.
Cupping occurs slowly unless the pressure is very high.
Cupping refers to the use of cup-shaped instruments to apply suction to the area being needled.
Cuppings are medical treatments.
Cupric oxide can form by oxidation of the cuprous ions.
Cupric oxide is the black flaky stuff that forms.
Cuprous oxide is a type of material called a semiconductor .
Cuprous oxide is classified as a semiconductor, while cupric oxide is an insulator.
Cuprous oxide is very well known as a semiconductor.
A cupule is a sucker
Cupules are cup-like structures that partially enclose the ovule.
Cupules are much more circular, uniform in shape, larger, deeper and numerous.
A cur is a dog
Curs are excellent tree dogs, used to hunt squirrel, coon, mountain lion, and bear.
Curs are used in the same way as terriers but on larger animals .
Curs are used in the same way as terriers but on larger animals.
Curable diseases are in danger of becoming incurable.
All curable diseases make themselves known to the intelligent physician in signs and symptoms.
All curable diseases make themselves known to the physician by signs and symptoms.
Many curable tumors grow rapidly and tend to have high growth fractions.
Most curable tumors require at least six to eight cycle of therapy.
A curacao is cordial
Curacao looks so beautiful.
A curandero is a therapist
Curandero then lights the alcohol.
Curanderos add it to ayahuasca or to prepare special initiations.
Curanderos also use culturally appropriate methods for healing.
Curanderos are therapists.
Curanderos deal with all types of illnesses, from croup and breech birth to headaches and cancer.
Curanderos say prayers for a price.
Curanderos use material objects to manipulate the vibrations and restore the patients to health.
Some curanderos prescribe it to staunch bleeding and induce abortions in sheep and goats.
Curares are extracted from many different kinds of plants from an array of different families.
A curassow is a bird
Curassows are mostly terrestrial, taking large strides on long legs.
Curassows vary in colour from black to blackish-green.
Curative medicine reinforces the life force, reverses the morbid process and annihilates disease.
Curative treatment aims to obtain the best possible local control.
Curative treatment is no longer the patient s choice or option.
Curative treatments are much less effective in controlling large patch.
Curative treatments can be very effective even as patients approach the end of life.
More curative treatments are available with early detection.
A curator is a custodian
Curator links three artists by image and inquiry style.
Curator vouches for authenticity.
Curators acquire and manage museum objects and collections.
Curators administer affairs of museums and conduct scientific research programs.
Curators aggressively solicit materials.
Curators also plan and prepare attractive, interesting, and informative exhibits.
Curators also plan and prepare exhibits.
Curators also provide content expertise in the design of public exhibitions and publications.
Curators answer inquiries from people with historical questions or with objects to identify.
Curators are available for consultation.
Curators are curators.
Curators are custodians.
Curators are in charge of maintaining and identifying specimens up to the highest possible level.
Curators are located in museums.
Curators are really just caretakers.
Curators are subject-matter experts who act as managers .
Curators are subject-matter experts who act as managers.
Curators bring objects from the collections into the classroom.
Curators contribute knowledge gained from their research.
Curators currently get their strokes from publishing books.
Curators find a sense of connection to the beauty of history through the objects.
Curators get help mostly from teachers and instructional assistants. . .
Curators give an explanation of the night sky for the current season.
Curators have responsbility for a given content area.
Curators have to be all manner of things to all manner of people.
Curators like to think about the art and write about it.
Curators manage collections in museums, zoos, aquariums, botanic gardens, and historic sites.
Curators operate an object enquiry service.
Curators perform somewhat different, though related, tasks.
Curators play an important role in shaping the cultural landscape.
Curators remove the staples and metal paper clips to prevent further damage.
Curators still work together to make collections and construct exhibits.
Curators sometimes give lectures on collecting art.
Curators usually handle three-dimensional objects, such as sculptures and paintings.
All curators abide by strict codes of ethics and give the best explanations possible.
Most curators simply make do with the photos or texts describing the original project or event.
Most curators specialize in a field, such as botany, art, or history.
Most curators specialize in fields such as botany, art, paleontology, or history.
Most curators specialize in fields such as zoology, art, or history.
Most curators spend most of their time managing the collection.
Some curators plan and conduct museum education programs.
Curatorial assistants help research, handle and store artefacts.
Curatorial assistants help research, handle and store artifacts.
Curatorial files exist for nearly all of the drawings under consideration.
Curatorial function maintains quality.
Curatorial notification is required in advance to ensure facility availability.
Curb appeal can be a powerful force.
Curb appeal extends to neighborhoods as well.
Curb appeal is extremely important in selling real estate.
Curb appeal is important.
Curb appeal is very important.
Curb appeal is vital.
Curb appeal means that homes are well-maintained and look attractive from the street.
Curb appeal transcends tourism.
A curb bit is a bit
Most curb bits have a three to one ratio.
Curb chain consists of a series of twisted links.
Curb chains are the chains which are attached to a bit.
Curb cuts allow wheelchair riders to roll onto a sidewalk.
Curb cuts are a classic example of simple, revolutionary change.
Curb cuts are plentiful, and the sidewalks are usually unobstructed.
Curb cuts are slopes at the end of most public sidewalks.
Curb cuts permit uninterrupted wheelchair passage from the station platform to much of Crystal City.
Curb extensions are only appropriate where there is an on-street parking lane.
Curb extensions narrow the street by widening the sidewalk or the landscaped parking strip.
Curb ramps facilitate the transition from walkways to streets.
Curb weight is our measurement without people or cargo.
A curb is an edge
Curb appeal The first impression of a house as seen from the street.
CURB currently has a number of programs available to member schools.
Curb isa restraint.
Curb isa surface.
Curb pets off trail and walkways.
CURB represents residential customers and small businesses in regulatory cases.
Curbs appetite while it helps speed up metabolism without nervousness.
Curbs appetite, reduces food intake, decreases cravings for sweets.
Curbs are accessible at each intersection.
Curbs are also nondirectional.
Curbs are bits.
Curbs are edges.
Curbs are located in bus stops.
Curbs are located in cities.
Curbs are located in sidewalks.
Curbs are located in street corners.
Curbs are plentiful.
Curbs are used for gutters.
Curbs are used for roads.
Curbs are used for streets.
Curbs have (part) sections.
Curbs hold water in the roadway, requiring storm sewers to let it out.
Curbs prevent runoff from flowing elsewhere.
Curbs work pretty well.
Most curbs have a port, a slight arch in the middle of the mouthpiece.
Curbside appeal is big drawing card for home buyers.
Curbside collection is available for residents of single family homes and most condominiums.
Curbside collection is one day per week.
Curbside collection is the most convenient way for a household to recycle.
Curbside parking is available.
Curbside parking is for loading and unloading of passengers only.
Curbside parking is permitted in legal areas.
Curbside pickup is available within town limits.
Curbside recycling is also available.
Curbside recycling is as easy as putting out the garbage.
Curbside recycling is availabl e.
Curbside recycling is available and is included in the rate for garbage.
Curbside recycling is available through the local sanitation companies.
Curbside recycling is mandatory and free of charge.
Curbside recycling is offered in some locations within the county.
Curbside recycling is particularly inefficient, since it usually utilizes a fleet of special trucks.
Curbside recycling is provided by Frederick County's contractor.
Curbside recycling is provided in all family housing units.
Curbside recycling is provided to single family dwellings in most cities and the county once a week.
Curbside recycling is the easiest, most convenient method of recycling.
Curbside recycling is the most convenient.
Curbside recycling is very inefficient.
Curbside service is mandatory.
Curbside service is provided weekly by the town for household refuse and brush.
Curd is a dairy product
Curd isa food.
Curd isa nutrient.
Curds are seen in the stools if too much milk is given and is undigested.
Curds are the solids in milk and the whey is a watery by-product.
Curds are used to make cheese .
Curds are used to make cheese.
Curds contain lactic acid, which can reduce the discharge.
Curds help the easy digestion of food.
Some cure cancer comes from animals.
Some cure compounds use in production.
Cure rates are also lower, depending on the extent of the cancer.
Cure rates are equivalent to wide excision.
Cure rates are high with antimony compounds.
Cure rates are high with appropriate antibiotic treatments.
Cure rates are much better for early stage disease.
Cure rates are much better if melanoma is caught early.
Cure rates are much higher if cancer is caught early.
Cure rates are still low, but are steadily increasing.
Cure rates are very high for both basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma.
Cure rates are very high.
Cure rates are very hight when detected and treated early.
Cure rates remain high, however.
Cure rates vary with site and stage when treated.
Cure rates vary, depending on the site of metastases.
CURE students live on campus, sharing apartments and experiences with other summer interns.
Cure time depends on size of casting, mold configuration, amount of fillers used, etc.
Cure time increases with thickness of application.
Cure time is dependent on light intensity and thickness of adhesive layer.
Cure time is temperature dependent.
A cure is medicine
Cure cause dry scalp style skin care female thinning prevention female.
Cure cause dry scalp style skin care male pattern female thinning prevention female.
Cure comes with ups, downs, heroism and despair.
Cure crops prior to storage and after grading.
Cure damp smell by placing bag of limestone in damp area.
Cure is by evaporation of the water.
Cure nosebleed by inserting a piece of writing paper under the upper lip.
Cure survives despite weaknesses.
Cures are a different ball game.
Cures are as whimsical as causes of illness.
Cures are bands.
Cures are elusive, partly because RSIs present a grab bag of ills that often defy easy diagnosis.
Cures are elusive.
Cures are expensive.
Cures are located in doctors.
Cures are permanent, whereas some allergens can change.
Cures are possible, but only if the patient cooperates or can be tied down.
Cures are rare.
Cures are rivers.
Cures are self-defeating.
Cures diarrhoes .
Cures ills with pills and kills with bills.
Cures remain unclear and back pain whether treated or untreated, can subside quickly or linger.
Cures rock hard.
Cures often are cheaper than a candy bar.
All cures follow similar patterns and all involve medication, purification, and prayer.
Any cure still lies at the very limits of present-day science.
Every cure has a starting point.
Every cure is a miraculous cure.
Most cures seem to be permanent.
Some cures are worse than the disease.
Curesed things can be very dangerous to a player and surrounding players.
Curettage is a satisfactory treatment.
Curettage is an operation
Curettage is operations.
Curettage means scraping.
Curettage often fails to remove endometrial polyps because of the mobility of their body and tip.
A curfew is a signal
Curfews also help teens plan and organize their life.
Curfews are a bad idea that have been around for quite a while.
Curfews are a disgrace to basic human rights.
Curfews are a necessary evil for teenagers.
Curfews are bells.
Curfews are deadlines.
Curfews are fine.
Curfews are just plain old stupid.
Curfews are mandates.
Curfews are non-existent, and everyone, young and old, can stay out all night if they want to.
Curfews are rules.
Curfews are signals.
Curfews Be aware that there are curfews in a number of communites in Belize.
Curfews can help parents and children develop a trusting relationship.
Curfews can reduce juvenile crime and keep teenagers out of harm's way.
Curfews can withstand court challenges if the ordinance addresses specifically identified problems.
Curfews compromise fundamental rights of the child and are discriminatory on the basis of age.
Curfews give both parents and teens a sense of security.
Curfews have more to do with symbolic politics than rational policy.
Curfews help parents teach valuable lessons to their teens.
Curfews interfere with parental rights of child rearing.
Curfews keep the kids off the streets, where at least they get a little exercise.
Curfews tend to be less tight before bowl games, and supervision far less suffocating.
Curfews treat all youth as violators.
Any curfew seems too early, especially when friends always seem to stay out later.
A curie is an emu
Curies express the rate at which a radioactive material gives off particles and disintegrates.
A curiosity is a state of mind
Curiosities are artificial satellites.
Curiosities are emotion.
Curiosities are everywhere, like the braided human-hair sculpture mounted under glass.
Curiosities are part of human nature.
Curiosities cause a desire to reads.
Curiosities Use dark-colored candles.
Curiosity also has a major down side, though.
Curiosity also plays a part.
Curiosity appear Potatoes among the path except no boat.
Curiosity becomes natural.
Curiosity brings in a few parishioners during the voicing process.
Curiosity can also start pecking.
Curiosity can be a great motivator.
Curiosity can be a prime motivator for women to experiment sexually.
Curiosity can be nice.
Curiosity can be spiritually deadly.
Curiosity can be the key.
Curiosity can kill the cat.
Curiosity can lead to sexual experimenting.
Curiosity can open a lot of doors.
Curiosity concerning evil and forbidden things is a cause of many temptations assailing the soul.
Curiosity continues to bring visitors to where the compound once stood.
Curiosity continues to grow.
Curiosity easily becomes exploitation for self-gratification.
Curiosity fuels more space exploration than any type of propellant.
Curiosity Get in the habit of asking questions.
Curiosity gets the best of a seal or two.
Curiosity gets the best of the customer.
Curiosity guides behavior.
Curiosity has an advanced payload of scientific equipment on Mars.
Curiosity has ist own reason for existing.
Curiosity has it own reason for existing.
Curiosity has it's own reason for existing.
Curiosity has to be satisfied.
Curiosity helps, of course.
Curiosity increases market share.
Curiosity inspires the intellect and beauty inspires the soul.
Curiosity is a basic human emotion, an inner driving force.
Curiosity is a big motivator.
Curiosity is a common theme in fairy tales and literature.
Curiosity is a common trait as is strong bonds and touch.
Curiosity is a good thing in a doctor.
Curiosity is a lust of the mind.
Curiosity is a major cause and force behind scientific research and other studies.
Curiosity is a natural part of most people's characters and a vital ingredient for any journalist.
Curiosity is a natural thing.
Curiosity is a natural, healthy instinct.
Curiosity is a nice thing most of the time.
Curiosity is a normal and healthy human emotion.
Curiosity is a novel for everyone.
Curiosity is a painful disease.
Curiosity is a powerful motivation.
Curiosity is a prime requirement for a journalist.
Curiosity is a subjective quality of persons whereby they are eager to learn.
Curiosity is a very creative and important part of our lives.
Curiosity is a very dangerous trait.
Curiosity is a way of life.
Curiosity is about information rather than commitment.
Curiosity is addictive.
Curiosity is also essential.
Curiosity is an advantage.
Curiosity is an important part of learning.
Curiosity is an inherent part of our nature.
Curiosity is another feature of the Uzbeks.
Curiosity is another immediate association with questioning.
Curiosity is another reason.
Curiosity is aroused by the arrival of a silent 'clown' in a box.
Curiosity is common to humans at all ages starting from infancy, through adulthood.
Curiosity is compelling.
Curiosity is considered an asset for a successful journalist.
Curiosity is contagious.
Curiosity is cool.
Curiosity is desired.
Curiosity is even more important than the ability to get the highest grades.
Curiosity is fine.
Curiosity is free-wheeling intelligence.
Curiosity is good, and reference books, encyclopedias, etc.
Curiosity is good.
Curiosity is healthy.
Curiosity is ignited and appeased.
Curiosity is important because it's part of developing intelligence and an ability to learn.
Curiosity is key to all learning.
Curiosity is key.
Curiosity is known to kill, but satisfaction can resurrect.
Curiosity is like a potent drug.
Curiosity is mere vanity.
Curiosity is much better emotion than intimidation.
Curiosity is never to be taken lightly.
Curiosity is normal.
Curiosity is number one.
Curiosity is okay because people are curious.
Curiosity is on a roll .
Curiosity is one of the certain characteristics of a vigorous mind.
Curiosity is one of the main reasons individuals identify for their first visit.
Curiosity is one of the most common.
Curiosity is one of the most dominant of human characteristics.
Curiosity is one of the most essential tools for psychological understanding .
Curiosity is one of the most permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
Curiosity is one of the most permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous mind.
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorour mind.
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous intellect.
Curiosity is one of the permanent and certain characteristics of a vigorous mind.
Curiosity is one particular type of passion and one way of understanding the universe.
Curiosity is only a means to achieve the end, that is, control.
Curiosity is only in vanity.
Curiosity is only vanity.
Curiosity is powerful.
Curiosity is rewarded through exploration, audio feedback and special effects.
Curiosity is satisfied by exploring.
Curiosity is something that can be nurtured and developed.
Curiosity is the basic force that drives such work.
Curiosity is the beginning of freedom.
Curiosity is the beginning of the learning cycle.
Curiosity is the best asset any writer can have.
Curiosity is the best way to stimulate imagination and escape everyday hum-drum life.
Curiosity is the demonstrated desire to know about other people, places, ideas, values, etc.
Curiosity is the desire to know, and is clearly associated with attention.
Curiosity is the first rung in the ladder of learning.
Curiosity is the fuel for invention.
Curiosity is the key that turns the lock on generations of negativity, ignorance, fear and shame.
Curiosity is the main motivation of a good scientist.
Curiosity is the major prerequisite.
Curiosity is the most common motivation among young children.
Curiosity is the most common reason children play with fire.
Curiosity is the most powerful tool a student can bring to our galleries.
Curiosity is the only prerequisite.
Curiosity is the single most powerful motivation of any healthy child.
Curiosity is the well-spring from which everything else flows.
Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning .
Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.
Curiosity is thus a fundamental human trait.
Curiosity is universal.
Curiosity is what allows children to learn and grow.
Curiosity isa condition.
Curiosity kills more mice than cats.
Curiosity kills the cat, they say.
Curiosity kills the cat.
Curiosity kindles our thoughts.
Curiosity leads to attempts to satisfy it, producing new discoveries and revelations.
Curiosity leads to complicity, and finally to identity.
Curiosity leads to exploration, and often times exploration results in a mess.
Curiosity leads to exploring.
Curiosity leads to sex exploration.
Curiosity leads to suspicion.
Curiosity lures intrigue deer.
Curiosity lures some and ignorance gives power to the others.
Curiosity makes a great science and engineering career.
Curiosity means to investigate and seek understanding.
Curiosity needs to be focussed on what is potentially relevant to the baby or robot.
Curiosity overcomes the initial turnoff.
Curiosity prevails and the teens investigate.
Curiosity provokes exploration and new references extend the landmarks.
Curiosity provokes many family historians to recreate the lives and stories of their ancestors.
Curiosity remember toward all hockey.
Curiosity runs rampant.
Curiosity still reigns.
Curiosity still rules.
Curiosity take onto many song before tear sport shirt.
Curiosity always beats intelligence.
Some curiosities create life.
Some curiosities lead to specimens.
Some curiosities result in damage.
Some curiosities result in death.
Some curiosity is well within normal range as well.
Curious animals run the risk of getting burned.
Curious babies have on occasion drowned in toilets.
Curious blends are the featured flavors of the week, Aquarius.
Curious bystanders interfere with rescue and emergency personnel and endanger themselves.
Curious children drop their school books and run for their lives.
Curious children touch the weapons, and ask questions.
Curious constituents can check out the voting records of their elected officials.
Curious creatures sink teeth.
Most curious creatures sink teeth.
Curious details stick out.
Curious eyes are so blind.
Curious faces poke through the door.
Curious fans sitting nearby always try to peek at the scouts' notes.
Curious fish observe the bubbles.
Curious folks write down the URL and visit the site to find out about the company.
Curious glass globes inset into the walls provide a murky fish-eye glimpse of the outdoors.
Curious guests are never disappointed.
Curious individuals see things others fail to notice.
Curious kids are welcome, too.
Curious kids can drive parents and teachers crazy.
Curious kids can explore cool science.
Curious kids get interested in a subject and want to read everything they can about it.
Curious kids investigating the bucket discover the water without having to venture into the bucket.
Curious kittens run the risk of being burned.
Curious locals seem willing to entertain the rustiest of Spanish-language overtures.
Curious mockingbirds peck at our shoelaces.
Curious monkeys rattle the coconut, then put their hand in to grasp the stone.
Curious people are inclined to act in ways that allow relationships to develop more easily.
Curious people are measurably more handsome, have nice cars and well proportioned ears too.
Curious people are much more creative.
Curious people make great mentors.
Curious people report more satisfying relationships and marriages.
Curious pets run the risk of getting burned or starting a fire.
Curious Pigs are curious by nature.
Curious plants glow pastel yellow and green in the brilliant air.
Curious porpoises investigate the underwater camera.
Curious puppies can open low cupboard doors.
Curious reversals abound.
Curious seals appear out of nowhere and accompany paddlers in quiet exploration.
Curious students come and go.
Curious students sneak a few taps on the drum set and keyboard.
Curious students stay engaged with the message.
Curious thing is, they hail from Scotland.
Curious things happen when a book becomes very popular.
Curious users can see which sites other people consider worthy of repeat visits.
Many curious victims can forget to be cautious with such a file and execute the attachment.
Curiously elephants are without false vocal cords, while hippopotami have no others.
Curium oxide is the most common form in the environment.
A curium is metal
Curium has peculiar magnetic properties.
Curium has to be made.
Curium is a hard, brittle, radioactive silvery metal.
Curium is a hard, brittle, silvery metal that tarnishes slowly in dry air at room temperature.
Curium is a hard, dense radioactive silvery-white metal.
Curium is a man-made heavy element that belongs to the actinide series of chemical elements.
Curium is a radioactive element that has a silvery color.
Curium is a radioactive element, a strongly alpha emitter - dangerous, of course.
Curium is a radioactive rare earth metal.
Curium is a silver metal and usually makes faint yellow compounds.
Curium is a transuranic element.
Curium is an extremely hazardous substance.
Curium is found in spent nuclear fuel and small amounts are produced for research.
Curium is highly radioactive and it glows red in the dark.
Curium is highly radioactive.
Curium is made synthetically.
Curium is one of the most radioactive isolable elements.
Curium is probably present in uranium ores.
Curium is produced artificially, in small quantities for research purposes.
Curium is radioactive and only available in small amounts.
Curium is radioactive.
Curium is silver in color, is chemically reactive, and is more electropositive than aluminum.
Curium is typically quite insoluble and adheres very tightly to soil particles.
Curium is used as a power source in spacecraft.
Curiums are chemical elements.
Curiums are metallic elements.
Curiums are radioactive substances.
Curl girls seeking super-sleek style can get it straight.
Curl is hair
Curl is part of waves.
Curl is software.
Curls are a well-balanced, moderately muscled, medium built cat.
Curls are back big time.
Curls are well balanced, moderately muscled, slender rather than massive in build.
Curls give a more romantic image.
Curls instantly dress up any length of hair from very short to very long.
Curls offer a great amount of variety in their forms and shapes.
All curls are beautiful.
A curler is a mechanical device
Curlers are highly competitive and yet extremely sportsmanlike.
Curlers are mechanical devices.
Curlers attempt to slide the stones as close as possible to the button.
Curlers do work up an appetite from the vigorous sweeping.
Curlers is how.
Curlers play to win but never to humble their opponents.
Many curlers live and die with curling, with each loss and with failing to qualify for an event.
Many curlers prefer to own their own brooms but the curling club furnishes both brooms and stones.
A curlew is a wader
Curlews feed on locusts, a serious pest to farmers and crops.
Curlies are an active dog.
Curlies are hardy horses and are very easy keepers.
Curlies are of medium size.
Curlies are truely unique.
Curlies are truly unique.
Curlies are typically of medium size, although they also come in pony and draft sizes.
Curlies are willing, intelligent, people-oriented creatures that thrive on affection.
Curlies can be boisterous.
Curlies deserve the best of care and thrive under good conditions.
Curlies drool and are willful.
Curlies excel at many tasks.
Curlies have a calm and gentle nature.
Curlies have round, very hard hooves.
Curlies seem to delight in and seek out human company.
Curlies seem to delight in, and seek out human company.
Curlies seem to excel at many tasks.
A curling iron is a household appliance
Curling irons provide natural shape with long lasting curls.
Curling stones are a curling club s biggest asset.
Curling stresses result from temperature gradients through a slab depth.
Every curling team deserves a website.
Curling tickets are available in all seating locations.
Curling vapors are machine quilted against the sky.
Curlings is games.
Curlings is sports.
Curlings is winter sports.
Curly arrows show the movement of electron pairs .
Curly braces indicate a special modifier.
Curly braces mark the start and end of the style declaration that apply to the selector.
Curly braces mean look up by string, and square brackets mean look up by integer.
Curly braces provide another way of grouping information into words.
Curly brackets can surround an argument that contains white space.
Curly brackets delimit the placeholder from the rest of the pattern.
Curly coats have abundant, fine hair that is, thick, dense, of uniform length, forming even curls.
Curly dock tends to invade lawns overstressed by heat and drought.
Curly endive has a mild nutty flavor perfect in salads.
Curly endive has prickly dark green leaves and a pleasantly bitter flavor.
Curly endive is salad greens
Curly eyelashes work for absolutely everyone.
Curly foals run with their tails held up over their backs like white tailed deer.
Curly fries are mostly long, curly, and seasoned.
Curly hair grows away from the scalp.
Curly hair has a flatter cross section than straight hair.
Curly hair is a great gift.
Curly hair is by nature delicate, dry and prone to breakage.
Curly hair is dangerous for fingers.
Curly hair is good.
Curly hair is normal, or maybe it is straight.
Curly hair loves high humidity.
Curly hair requires special products that nourish it and respond to it's unique needs.
Curly hair stands straight up, screams.
Curly hairs spin into the best yarn, while very straight hair wants to slip apart.
Curly Horses are extremely calm and gentle.
Curly Horses have coats in varying degrees of curliness.
Curly Horses have particularly tough hoofs that are almost perfectly round in shape.
Curly leaves have springy texture.
Curly leaves have texture.
Curly leaves are never bitter.
Curly parsley is compact and makes an attractive border for a vegetable bed.
Curly parsley is long on looks and short on flavor.
Curly top is one of the most common viruses seen in New Mexico's chile.
Curly whiskers are also desirable.
Curly willow forms the branchy-like materials on the left.
A curmudgeon is an oldster
Curmudgeon points to seriously flawed data analysis by the people involved.
Curmudgeons also come down hard on incompetence, conformity and pomposity.
Curmudgeons are amusing, colorful and, most important, utterly harmless.
Curmudgeons are oldsters.
Curmudgeons place little value in touchy-feely overtures.
A currant bush is a bush
Currant bushes abound among the oak.
Currant fruit is a favorite for eating fresh, or to use in preserves or pies.
Currant seeds germinate if stratified for three to four months at temperatures just above freezing.
Most currant varieties are red at maturity, a few are white.
A currant is a berry
Currant isa berry.
Currants are about one-fourth of the exports.
Currants are about one-quarter the size of ordinary raisins, and are typically used in baked goods.
Currants are amendable to container culture.
Currants are berries.
Currants are raisins.
Currants are shrubs.
Currants are subject to a variety of insect and disease pests.
Currants are tiny raisins, usually from the Mediterranean region.
Currants are very small raisins and are available in the dried-fruit section of most markets.
Currants can replace blueberries.
Currants do best in cool soil temperatures with full sun.
Currants do best in fertile, loamy soil that has good drainage.
Currants grow best in summer humid, cool regions with great winter chilling.
Currants have (part) peels.
Currants have (part) sections.
Currants have a high nutrient requirement.
Currants have flavor.
Currants have unusual flavor.
Currants perform best in cool, moist, well-drained sites.
Currants produce fruit.
Currants Raise extra plants by taking hardwood cuttings from healthy bushes.
Currants tend to have a milder flavor than gooseberries.
Most currants have flavor.
Most currants have unusual flavor.
Most currants produce fruit.
Some currants show symptoms.
A currawong is a bird
Currawongs live in eastern Australia from Cape York to Tasmania and across South Australia.
Currency boards are one option.
Currency boards face serious implementation problems.
Currency boards have a long history.
Currency codes are case insensitive.
Currency controls are restrictions on the convertibility of a currency into other currencies.
Currency conversion is automatic.
Currency conversion is available from each catalog page.
Currency conversion is available online.
Currency conversion is available.
Currency conversion is no problem.
Currency conversion is possible at airports, banks, hotels and exchange bureaus.
Currency conversions are an approximate guide only.
Currency conversions are at the prevailing rate of exchange.
Currency conversions are foreign exchanges.
All currency conversions take place at the point of sale.
Currency converter figures the sale and return based on foreign currency.
Currency converter helps convert dollars and pounds to drachmas, lire, and other world currencies.
Currency converter is for bank rates only.
Currency converter is provided by - the currency site.
Currency converter See how the dollar measures up against major international currencies.
Currency converter Use our currency converter to convert pounds into another currency.
Currency converters are usually very simple tools that are designed to get right to the point.
All currency converters listed include date and time of conversion rate.
Currency crises are weekly events.
Currency crises happen to a significant extent because lenders and investors fear they can happen.
Currency crises have punitive development costs.
Every currency crisis sparks a capital outflow.
Currency depreciation is also a concern.
Currency devaluations offer some bargains.
Currency exchange are available at the airport banks area, banks and exhanges houses.
Currency exchange Changing currency in Israel is expensive due to bank charges.
Currency exchange is at the prevailing rate at time of purchase.
Currency exchange is available around the clock.
Currency exchange is available at hotels, banks and machines.
Currency exchange is available at most banks and at licensed foreign exchange bureaus.
Currency exchange is available at the airport, at major banks and hotels.
Currency exchange is available at the hotel or throughout the downtown area.
Currency exchange is available at the recepction.
Currency exchange is available in most banks and at the airport.
Currency exchange is available in the airport lobby.
Currency exchange is available on both arrival and departure terminals.
Currency exchange is available on site at some locations.
Currency exchange is available throughout the downtown area.
Currency exchange is located at the front desk.
Currency exchange is never a problem at the hotel and available in the lobby.
Currency exchange is no problem.
Currency exchange is offered mainly at banks and currency exchange outlets.
Currency exchange is possible at banks and post offices.
Currency exchange is provided at all major banks.
Currency exchange is provided by banks and exchange agencies with no restrictions.
Currency exchange is readily available at banks and hotels in the major cities.
Currency exchange is the trading of one currency against another.
Currency exchanges are almost non-existent in U.S. cities.
Currency exchanges are available in the airports, and at banks.
Currency exchanges are business.
Currency exchanges are financial institutions.
Currency exchanges earn a profit by charging a fee for most of their services.
Some currency exchanges offer small plastic trash bags to carry dinars.
Currency market See foreign exchange market .
Currency markets are prone to overshoot and the real is likely to do the same.
Currency markets are the single most powerful economic force today.
Currency markets can also affect returns.
Currency markets exist in the form of spot, forward, futures and options markets.
Currency markets operate efficiently.
All currency notes carry the value written in English and Arabic characters and numerals.
Currency option offers flexibility to a firm while locking up of exchange rates.
Currency options offer the ideal way to hedge uncertain exposures such as contract bids.
Currency overlays are popular.
Currency risk exists even without recessions overseas, though.
Currency risk has to be added to equity market and interest rate volatility risks.
Currency risk is more prevalent.
Currency risk is the greatest deterrent to investment.
Currency risk is the uncertainty associated with changes in the relative value of currencies.
Currency signs are a real danger.
Currency speculation changes the comparative prices of goods and services overnight.
Currency speculation happens in seconds.
Currency speculation sets off rapid changes of value in the foreign-exchange charts.
Currency straps are available by request through our office.
Currency swaps allow companies to exploit advantages across a matrix of currencies and maturities.
Currency traders build formulas that include various mixes of dollars, yen, gold, oil, etc.
Currency trading can be very risky.
Currency trading is politics and economics all rolled into one.
Currency trading is unnecessary, unproductive and totally immoral.
Currency trading is yet another.
Most currency trading is short-term.
Currencies are dreadfully hard to predict.
Currencies are more than repositories of value for use in market places.
Currencies are next.
Currencies are Swiss franc, euro, and yen.
Currencies are tradable commodities.
Currencies are what the value of the investment is expressed in.
Currencies can circulate as easily outside a country as inside.
Currencies come and currencies go.
Currencies contain effects of inflation.
Currencies do fluctuate.
Currencies have to be run by people accountable to national parliamentary democracies.
Currencies just exacerbate the issue.
Currencies move up and down quite a bit in response to what can be short-term influences.
Currencies rise and fall.
Currencies seem to have stabilized.
Currencies trend the best of all markets.
Currencies vary in both unit value and notation.
Currency Addresses current problems and issues in academic advising.
Currency Adds the currency symbol and displays two digits.
Currency can, however, still circulate while banks are temporarily closed.
Currency Check the publication date of books or journal articles.
Currency conversions world-wide.
Currency equals attention to contemporary issues.
Currency features a built-in calculator, and provides an option for adding or subtracting a tax.
Currency gives money visible form.
Currency includes coins, notes, money orders and cashier's and traveller's cheques.
Currency is a driving factor in science.
Currency is a driving factor.
Currency is a fixed point number that is best used for high accuracy calculations.
Currency is a fixed-point number with four digits to the right of the decimal point.
Currency is a layered and distorted image of bills from around the world.
Currency is a most important criterion for a Web site.
Currency is a part of sovereignty.
Currency is a prime consideration.
Currency is a problem with some distributions.
Currency is a standard product and is therefore easily recognised and identified.
Currency is a unique form of value and represents an equivalent.
Currency is a very important symbol of sovereignty.
Currency is acceptance.
Currency is accepted in U.S. funds only.
Currency is also a consideration.
Currency is also important.
Currency is an icon or symbol of money.
Currency is an important determinant in evaluating information found on the web.
Currency is an important economic good in itself.
Currency is an independently developed application.
Currency is another control that hits about every business application.
Currency is apparent with files being revised and updated regularly.
Currency is compromised by quarterly format.
Currency is compromised by the average lag time of about two months.
Currency is controlled by interest rates and is susceptible to the fluctuation of interest rates.
Currency is critical with health and disability related materials.
Currency is cumbersome for businesses as well.
Currency is depleted and morale declines.
Currency is determined by noting the date of issue and date of most recent revision, if any.
Currency is documents.
Currency is essential on racial subjects nationally and on major international racial issues.
Currency is exchanged at a slightly higher rate but no commission is charged.
Currency is extremely important for job seekers.
Currency is featured.
Currency is finite.
Currency is given in U.S. dollars throughout unless otherwise specified.
Currency is good.
Currency is in U.S. dollars.
Currency is indicated by whether a web page has a date on it and whether it is frequently updated.
Currency is issued in coins or bills.
Currency is issued in either coins or bills.
Currency is key, so plan to keep making changes often.
Currency is legal tenders.
Currency is liquid assets.
Currency is located in drawers.
Currency is made up of coins and bills or federal reserve notes.
Currency is no exception to the rule.
Currency is prevalence
Currency is prevalence.
Currency is printed on paper or minted from cheap metal.
Currency is reflected by change of topics from year to year.
Currency is the Bermudian dollar, which is an even trade for the American dollar.
Currency is the Brunei dollar which has parity with the Singapore dollar.
Currency is the coin of the web.
Currency is the key.
Currency is the new riel.
Currency is the Singapore dollar.
Currency is the Thai Baht.
Currency is the theme.
Currency is the U.S. dollar.
Currency is the Venezuelan bolivar.
Currency is traded and hedges are overlaid.
Currency is very important.
Currency Learn about Indonesian money.
Currency Look for evidence of currency in the form of a recent date.
Currency means the coin and paper money of Australia or a foreign country.
Currency merely represents money.
Currency needs to be maintained with pages.
Currency needs to be verified.
Currency plays an important role in our immersion programming.
Currency quickly devalues.
Currency refers to the default currency for accessing data items that represent monetary values.
Currency refers to the timeliness of information.
Currency remains a serious problem.
Currency remains quiet in dull demand for foreign exchange to buy imports.
Currency speeds up the process, making it faster and easier.
Currency still has a future.
Currency Take smaller bills when traveling to Guatemala.
Currency Uses a comma as a thousands separator and displays the currency symbol.
Currency varies by file.
All currencies have values set against each other on a supply and demand basis.
All currency is measured in american dollars.
All currency is rounded out to the nearest dollar.
All currency needs to be sorted by denomination.
Any currency can only be as strong as the confidence it enjoys.
Any currency is covered by the service.
Any currency needs the faith and confidence of the people.
Most currency is in the form of federal reserve notes.
Most currency is subjected to brisk circulation.
Current abstracts link to the full text from online versions of major news sources.
Current access is extremely limited.
Current access is granted on a per session basis.
Current access is limited to organized group nature walks.
Current access is limited.
Current access is through a mixture of custom and standard interfaces.
A current account is an accounting
Current account has less than fifty edits, and has a habit of retiring and quickly returning.
Current account is known as checking account here.
Current account offers cheque book but no cheque guarantee card.
Current accounts are accounting.
Current accounts are bank accounts.
Current accounts are current deposits in banking institutions excluding payable drafts.
Current accounts are good for one year beginning from the day of activation.
Current accounts are part of balance of payment.
Current accounts continue to receive full program services.
Current accounts remain active over the Summer terms regardless of registration status.
Current achievement helps to determine future course selections.
Current achievements demonstrate the concept using a physical model of railway signalling.
Current acquisitions focus on current research and publications.
Current Acquisitions Following are the acquisitions statistics for the past year.
Current activities are on going with the private sector, education, health and the local government.
Current activities can serve as a model for content of an interactive nature.
Current activities center on establishing a consistent, reliable and accurate testing environment.
Current activities curriculum vitae publications conference presentations.
Current activities focus on distributed simulation.
Current activities focus on innovative companies in the Americas, Europe, and Israel.
Current activities involve addressing efficiency concerns of the most common operations on paths.
Current activities involve distance education planning and workload-related policies.
Current activities planned include a native tree nursery, floriculture, olive and nut tree crops.
Current activities target school districts and state buildings.
Current activity consists for the most part of serving on students' doctoral research committees.
Current activity focuses on characterizing lead paints and pigments.
Current activity focuses on developing better cathode materials and electrolytes.
Current activity focuses on thin films, composite materials, and surface modified materials.
Current activity focuses primarily on the technologies of information infrastructures.
Current activity is focused on initiation of a preliminary bioavailability test.
Current activity is in the following areas.
Current activity is monitored very closely.
Current activity is much lower but varies.
Current activity is watched carefully for familiar patterns of price movement.
Current actuators have many parts with many connecting joints.
Current address is janitorial service business.
Current address is only temporary yet fully functional.
Current address is suppressed on all living persons.
Current address is very helpful.
Current advertisers can log in here to see how their campaigns are performing.
Current advertisers click here for campaign reports.
Current advertisers have first rights to renew ads.
Current advertisers have right of first refusal on their space.
Current advice is 'take a mobile phone'.
Current advice is therefore to turn cattle out early to initially graze silage fields.
Much current advice is simply banal.
Current affairs are also a part of the course.
Current affairs are important to put sustainability and policy decisions into perspective.
Current agendas are available online.
Current agreement is under signature.
Current aides insist the president's temper has mellowed over the past year.
Current aims are in the development of novel techniques to reduce undesired reaction products.
Current aircraft are quite efficient.
Current airfares range widely, depending upon the city of origin, bonus programs, etc.
Current airline hiring information is available on our site, just link to our hiring page.
Current airliners have a cigar-shaped fuselage ideal for maintaining cabin pressurization.
Some current aldermen say they have no objection to the issue being debated again.
Current algebra is still well worth the attention of the student.
Current algorithms are available on depression, schizophrenia, and anxiety in drug abusers.
Current algorithms exist for depression, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia.
Many current algorithms produce topological problems such as holes or handles.
Most current algorithms require as many database scans as the longest frequent sequences.
Current alternatives have relatively low risk but are generally expensive.
All current alternatives inject obnoxious spurious noise into the system.
Current analyses indicate that the ocean is the largest carbon sink in the climate system.
Current analysis focuses on both the origins and effectiveness of such agencies.
Current analysis highlights new market developments.
Current analysis involves evaluation of results from selective media and molecular studies.
Current analysis is descriptive in nature only.
Current analyzers are expensive, difficult to use, and often available only in academic centers.
Current anesthetics are safe for all size pets.
Current announcements are in reverse chronological order.
Current antibiotics work against just a few disease-related proteins in the body.
Many current appeals are the result of poor decisions by inexperienced judges.
Current applicants can apply if they wish to continue their participation.
Current applications are automotive collision avoidance and aircraft autonomous landing systems.
Current applications are in providing distance health consulting services.
Current applications are memory hogs.
Current applications are on electron plasma and alkali metals.
Current applications lie in civil and marine engineering, structural engineering and aerospace.
All current applications can run on a single node without modification.
Many current applications take advantage of dynamic linking for adding classes at runtime.
Most current applications are for business, commerce, industry and education.
Most current applications involve realistic simulations of biological neural systems.
Most current applications lack a digital receipt to verify transactions.
Some current applications allow users to scroll inside the windows.
Current approaches aim at the elucidation of molecular changes at all three levels.
Current approaches allow use unless harm has been proven with scientific certainty.
Current approaches are either at a single tree level or generalized at national level.
Current approaches based on keywords or coding schemes are inadequate.
Current approaches involve using a hold out set to estimate the amount of overfit.
Current approaches require the use of an expensive authoring tool or to learn programming.
Current approaches use digital technology.
Current approaches using inhaled nitric oxide are cumbersome and potentially toxic.
Current approaches vary greatly.
Most current approaches are very insecure.
Most current approaches provide an unwieldy and impractical surplus of genes to analyze.
Current area is congested and poorly ventilated.
Current areas remain available under the present conditions and codes of practice.
Current arrangements have limited requirement for in depth scrutiny of decisions.
Current arrangements stand for subscription orders, claims and enquiries.
Current article addresses inhalants.
Current articles are about recent events or discoveries.
Current articles are always in the cissue directory.
Current articles are available free to U.S. residents.
Current articles are on the main page, with several special sections available at right.
Current articles are online.
Current articles communicate the most recent research and studies in a field.
Current articles discuss compound interest, continued fractions, and fractals found in modern art.
Current articles emphasize complications such as encephalitis, pneumonia, etc.
Current articles illustrate the is-sues under discussion.
Current articles spotlight influential computing leaders.
More current articles examine the legal, literary, and ethical ramifications of the novel.
Most current articles have abstracts.
Current artists are also unable to utilize copyrighted material to produce derivative works.
Most current artwork is drawn at eleven by seventeen inches.
Current ASPs can realize cost savings by consolidating applications on a mainframe.
Current aspirations appear to be moving towards three years or more of gross domestic product.
Current assays use native virus grown in tissue culture.
Most current assays are without species-specificity, whereas more sensitive methods are required.
Most current assays require separate, stand-alone units.
Many current assertions prove, on close examination, to bear little resemblance to fact.
Current assessments make use of corrosion dimensions as inferred from in-line inspection data.
Current assets are assets that are usually converted to cash within one year.
Current assets are nearly a half-million dollars.
Current assets are sub-categorized into quick assets, inventories, and other current assets.
Current assets are the most liquid and most easily convertible to cash of all assets.
Current assets are the most liquid and most easily convertible to cash, of all assets.
Current assets are the types of assets used for trading purposes.
Current assets are things a company expects to convert to cash within one year.
Current assignments are in the region of astroseismology and mass transfer in a binary star system.
Current assistance is often complex and poorly coordinated.
Current associates click here .
Current associations continue to be profession-focused.
Current attention is on operational optimization in ocean currents.
Current auctions sell off licenses to a given territory one at a time.
Current audits are generally perfunctory and meaningless.
Current authentication consists of user name and password.
Current authorities give much the same advice.
Current availability is a criterion, but a secondary one.
Current availability is limited please inquire.
Current availability is listed together with distributors.
Current availability is posted on the information page.
Current availability is regularly updated below.
Current availability is restricted to the size of the master tooling.
Current availability is uncertain.
Current average is four or five a week.
Current average is twelve hospitals.
Current awareness reports on any subject.
Current awareness searches utilizing in-house databases are setup with no charge.
Current backups are always a good policy for either software or hardware failure safety nets.
Current baggage handling technologies in and around the airport are a key limiting factor.
Current balance is always available.
Current balance is no longer on the tax form.
Current bandwidth is shown with a series of lit LEDs topped by a rapidly blinking one.
Current bank balances with a single click.
Current batteries are expensive and dangerous in disposal.
Current batteries are smaller and more power-efficient.
Current batteries take about six hours to recharge and the cost of electric vehicles is high.
Current batteries take hours to recharge and the cost of electric vehicles is high.
Current battery does work and is replaceable.
Some current batteries are acceptable substitutes for discontinued mercury button cells.
Most current BBSs provide some sort of gateway connection to the Internet.
Current belief is that the mechanism for pitch discrimination is located in the cochlea.
All current benefits continue.
Current bestsellers are also available to our patrons.
Current betas seem moderately buggy.
All current bills are due and payable before a student leaves campus.
Current billing is in U.S. dollars.
Most current boards employ the centered modulation.
Current books are on the far right, arranged in classmark order.
Current books cover the entire system of light measurement, including film development and printing.
Current borrower is notified by mail.
Current boyfriends get dinner.
Most current boyfriends get dinner.
Most current brands sold today have flat bottoms.
Current breaks can be any type of object that provides a substantial reduction in water flow.
Current breaks create seams, the primary structure a striper relates to.
Current breaks created at the heads and tails of islands are good bets.
Current broadcast is the one on which the current content is arriving.
Current browsers allow only one proxy server to be configured at a time.
Current browsers allow only one proxy setting to be configured at a time.
Current browsers can display text and images.
Current browsers come with the plug-in for listening to midi files.
Current browsers have good coverage for configuring proxy via DNS name, port, excluded domains etc.
Current browsers implement some better forms of layout control for images.
Current browsers let the reader control link underlining.
All current browsers support forms.
All current browsers support frames, so try downloading a new one.
Most current browsers are able to access via the secure method.
Most current browsers ship with a news reader as well as an email client.
Most current browsers support frames.
Most current browsers work well, and some older ones do too.
Some current browsers recognize only the rectangular shape and default.
Current budget is inadequate and upgrades are crisis driven and sporadic.
Current budgets are available in many administrative offices as well as the library.
Current building is constructed with materials from the original building when it was dismantled.
Current business directories.
Current business includes corporate retreats, weddings, and bed and breakfast guests.
Current business is focused in Asia.
Current bylaws require a majority vote of the members attending a meeting, if there is a quorum.
Current calendar is updated each month, as necessary, and additional information highlighted .
Current calibration is highly desirable since it affects the data quality.
Current cameras are capable of shots of about two megapixels, rivaling the quality of film.
Current candidates are Tennessee and Maryland.
Some current candidates are adenosine, prostaglandins, and kinins.
Current capabilities allow the production of most ad hoc reports at short notice.
Current capabilities can deal with only a fraction of the available scientific data.
Current capability consists of tracking the steps in the permit issuance process.
Current capacities range from tens of gigabytes to almost a terabyte , per cartridge .
Current capacities range from tens of gigabytes to almost a terabyte, per cartridge.
Current capacity is seven terabytes of disk data.
Current care is paid perpetual care.
Current caregivers are often interested in training others and can be tremendous resources.
Current catalog includes a number of publications of special interest to genealogists.
Current catalog lists the following prices.
Current catalogs cover only the last five years.
All current catalogs are available online.
Current catalogue contains nudity.
Current centipede ranks and scores.
Current certification is certification less than one year old at the start of class.
Current certification is required for graduation.
Current chair has to resign, due to health.
Current challenges demand combined expertise in materials, biology and medicine.
Current challenges facing Jewish education are also explored.
Current changes are in green .
Current chapters exist in Northern and Southern California, Washington, D.C. and North Florida.
Current characteristic is normally foldback type.
Current charge is to develop measures of quality regarding inpatient care.
Current charges are available on request.
Current charges are for the service period shown on the bill.
Current charges reflect Postal increases.
Current choice is rectangle.
Most current choppers are of the collective pitch variety.
Current cities represented are Atlanta and others.
Current claims are more than double that figure.
Current class is full.
Current classes are coed.
Current classes are listed below.
Current classes are more interesting.
Current classes challenge each other, the faculty and alumni.
Current Classes Click on to view courses within the selected department.
Current classes concentrate on baking.
All current classifications place all the tsetse species in a single genus named Glossina.
Current classifieds are available.
Current Clients Appreciate It.
Current clients are now able to log in, view their schedules and submit work requests on-line.
Current clients can access their financial accounts with their assigned ID and password.
Current clients can choose any plan they want at the end of their current subscription.
Current clients can click here to start the process.
Current clients can login here.
Current Clients can log-in under the workshop section to check the status of their site.
Current clients can obtain a username and password by contacting our office .
Current Clients can request a placement online.
Current clients get free technical support for their website and can e-mail anytime with questions.
Current clients please submit files here .
Current code has all the required framework to implement it.
Current code is limited to full close coupling cases only.
Current code requires fencing at all bulk plants.
Current codes challenge high-tech laboratory renovation and design.
All current code resides there.
All current codes are in regular print.
Current collaborations involve colleagues in the U.S., Denmark, The Netherlands, and Germany.
Current collection is assumed to be from overhead wires unless otherwise stated.
Current comments are below.
Most current commentators interpret globalism and globalization as a challenge to state authority.
Some current commentators say that the present typical state of consciousness is a trance state.
Current compacts permit several large tribes to run as many as four casinos.
Current company data only.
Current company permits and obligations to government in the area.
Current competency is achieved and maintained through relevant continuing medical evaluation.
Current compilers have many weaknesses that introduce inefficiencies in the code that they produce.
Current computers are still rudimentary and difficult to use .
Current computers send their data by way of electrical signals.
All current computers have CD music players built in.
Most current computers are sequential computers.
Current concentration is on Internet Web database applications and reporting systems.
Current concepts review.
Current concepts support old therapies and spur new ones.
Current concern involves sediment and sand build up in the canals.
Current concerns are about skill, on the one hand, and work organisation, on the other.
Current concerns are of course on protecting the environment from further uncontrolled degradation.
Current concerns are on milk quality, efficiency, and economical cost-benefit ratio.
Current concerns are operational in nature and revolve around initial implementation.
Current concerns are rural post offices, food regulation and hunting with dogs.
Current concerns involve ECU students using scanning techniques to scan other network sites.
Some current concerns come from a book.
Current conditions are available for cities throughout the world.
Current conditions are good for manatee sightings.
Current conditions are horrible.
Current conditions are very severe.
Current conditions can vary from day to day.
Current conditions have officials speculating about the extent of further farm losses.
Current conditions including fire bans and water levels can vary from day to day.
Current conditions including fire bans can vary from day to day.
Current conditions including water levels can vary from day to day.
Current conditions make it extremely profitable for organised crime to deal in drugs.
Current conditions reflect the imbalances created by population growth.
Current conditions support a revision of our policies regarding the retiree permit.
Current configuration is inadequate in terms of size, function, and appearance.
Current configuration is two antennas.
Current configurations have a liquid or gel electrolyte between the anode and cathode.
Many current conflicts are due to simple national interests.
Much current congestion is caused by roadworks, often due to utilities digging up the road.
Current consensus favors a more moderate position, but it is unclear which genera to split.
Current considerations are likely to lead to additional marine reserve designations in the future.
Current construction includes expansions and remodeling projects as well as smaller hotels.
Current construction is on the second and third floors.
Current consumption is gain dependent.
Current consumption is minimized while battery life is maximized.
Current consumption is minimized, thereby maximizing battery life.
Current content is enforced content.
Current content is probably the biggest reason for someone to return to a site.
Current contents can provide weekly email of saved search results.
Current Contests Check out our current contests.
Current continuity is as given in the next few panels.
Current contract based clients include lawyers, private enterprise and government offices.
Current contract has two years of production.
Current contract letting information is only available to subscribers.
Current contracts are contracts established with prices which have remained competitive since award.
Current contracts are passive pieces of paper, only to be interpreted by humans.
Current contracts remain in effect with payments being made until the expiration date.
Current contracts service a host of large corporations including utilities and cable companies.
Current contributions support current retirees.
Current control consists of multiple applications of elemental sulfur.
Current control is user configured for constant current regulation or current trip.
Current copies are behind service desk.
Current copies are behind the service desk.
Current copies are on the shelves.
Current copies are on the top floor, back issues in the newspaper stand on the ground floor.
Current cosmology is acentric.
Current costs are prohibitive to fast growth.
Current costs cover only a fraction of the real cost of the drug.
Current counsel is directed to file brief in thirty days.
Current courses are in bold .
Current Courses Click for a schedule of our current course offerings. .
Current Courses Click for a schedule of our current course offerings.
Current Courses Click on the course number for access to course syllabus and assignments.
Current courses cover basic user knowledge, training users on the material covered in the manual.
Current Courses Find out details of upcoming courses.
Current courses focus on domestic violence and mediation of small claims disputes.
Current Courses Visit our Courses page.
Current covenants require masonry on three walls.
Current coverage is about one-third of the world.
Current coverage is detailed on the attached sheet.
Current coverage is for basic features.
Current coverage is incomplete and is supplemented by some historical directories.
Current coverage is provided.
Current coverage is vastly inadequate for mental health costs.
Current crises are caused by humans.
Current crises are many and ominous.
Current crises become annual occurrences.
Current crises become occurrences.
Most current crises are caused by humans.
Most current crises become annual occurrences.
Most current crises become occurrences.
All current criteria are now available on the web.
Current cultures boil it, scramble it, fry it, and even dye it.
Current curricula are discipline based, and grounded in the notion of passing information on.
Current curriculum lacks coherence and comprehensive coverage of justice topics.
Current customers are a predictable source of future sales.
Current customers are an invaluable asset.
Current customers can also buy a matching phone number.
Current customers can also receive credits to their account for referrals.
Current customers can also take advantage of generous upgrade credits.
Current customers can check the status of their shipments, place orders, and check stock levels.
Current customers can download new features and updates free for one year from date of purchase.
Current customers can email a request to change their service plan.
Current customers can login here to begin purchasing products.
Current customers can obtain information on their account online.
Current customers can request the new beta via e-mail.
Current customers can sign-up here .
Current customers can switch to the one year contract.
Current customers can use the buttons below to request support or manage their email accounts.
Current customers click HERE for e-mail access.
Current Customers click here to download.
Current customers click here to login and download program and engine database updates.
Current customers click here to login.
Current customers get a free upgrade.
Current customers innfeed status.
Current customers login here .
Current customers love the ability to see the options they have for new projects.
Current customers receive the product at no additional charge.
Current Customers Take a look at our current clientele.
Current customers take priority over potential client inquiries.
Current customers wishing to order an update can access our secure on-line update order form .
Current cycle indicates possibility of added recognition, fame, fortune.
Current cycle relates to a possible new love.
Current cycle relates to accelerated social activity, popularity, possible involvement in politics.
Current cycle relates to adventure of romance.
Current cycle relates to change, travel, participation in publishing, advertising programs.
Current cycle relates to executive duties, marital status.
Current cycle relates to experimentation.
Current cycle relates to home, security, falling in love with right person.
Current cycle relates to possible change of residence, marital status.
Current cycle relates to travel, marriage.
Current databases are inadequate, and no organized effort is being made to fill in the gaps.
Current databases lack the capability of bulk or set based querying capabilities.
Current databases tend to store and present information about single genomes.
Current date Establishes when the contract was officially executed.
Current date is .
Current date is displayed here on user's computer.
Current date is selected.
Current date is the default.
Current date means today s date as known to the equipment or product.
Current date means today s date as known to the product.
Current date means today's date as known to the equipment or product.
Current data are always available to clients requesting products via the Web.
Current data are available in two standard formats.
Current data are available on the NEOS electronic bulletin board system.
Current data are downloadable directly from Johnston County.
Current data are essential for forecasting and making sound business decisions.
Current data are inadequate to prevent the spread of diseases from one country to another.
Current data are insufficient and the quality varies.
Current data are often updated.
Current data are preliminary, then revised the following month and published in Trends .
Current data indicate that the most severe constraint is lack of adequate forage.
Current data indicate that transmission from mother to infant is rare.
Current data is easily accessible because historical data are never deleted but merely hidden.
Current data is sorted by assets and sales for all industries except the contracting industry.
Current data is unclear.
Current data is updated each hour.
Current data obtained over the Internet is plotted on a map.
Current data show a continuing pattern of potential quality control liability.
Current data show that changes in the beef industry are for the better.
Current data show that religious institutions can have a significant impact on social problems.
Current data show that some samples contained defective units.
Current data show that vaccine-induced antibody levels decline gradually over time.
Current data shows the effectiveness of brachy therapy or seed implantation for prostate cancer.
Current data shows the following injury rates based on level of skier.
Current data suggest that a transition to warm conditions is under way.
Current data suggest that essentially all colorectal cancers originate from adenomatous polyps.
Current data suggest that modern humans evolved from archaic humans primarily in East Africa.
Many current data relate to production and power generation facilities.
More current data are now available.
More current data seem to point to accelerating economic growth in the local economy.
Much current data are highly heterogeneous in format, organization, quality, and content.
Some current data suggests that they remember even up to a year later.
Current day avg.
Current day is full text and graphics for free.
Current dealers are coffee roasters working primarily out of Alaska, Colorado, Texas and Boston.
Current debate continues to focus primarily on the management of publicly-owned lands.
Current debate includes the question of whether there is core-envelope rotational decoupling.
Current debate is centered on abortion, but there are plenty more topics from which to choose.
Current decision is Bad.
Current decisions can affect future costs.
Current definition are adequate.
Current definition is noise.
Current deliveries are approx.
Current demand appears to support continued growth in domestic steel prices.
Current demand creates boat overload situations at many terminals during peak and seasonal periods.
Current demand exceeds the twelve placements now funded.
Current demand is fair to good.
Current demand outstrips the supply of buffalo meat and breed stock.
Current densities ca.
Current density is a measure of the density of an electric current.
Current density is given by electric field at cathode.
Current density is irrelevant.
Current design focuses on development and implementation of policy and procedures.
Current design is fourth variant.
Current design utilizes embedded micro control to keep parts count to a bare minimum.
Current designs are on the verge of achieving breakeven condition and ignition temperature.
Current designs can also be a hazard to birds and bats.
All current designs are available as well as more traditional surf shapes.
Most current designs adopt the bungee cord for rapidly securing and unfastening the load.
Most current designs elevate the spool itself as the main cable is paid out , a simpler process .
Most current designs elevate the spool itself as the main cable is paid out, a simpler process.
Current Detector Investigate how to measure electric current.
Current developers have full access.
Current development focuses on chain systems to illustrate the recursive nature of the algorithm.
Current development focuses on runoff dynamics on a topographic surface under rainfall.
Current development is enhancement of the existing product.
Current development is focused on high-valued therapeutic proteins.
Current development is focused on software to accelerate molecular biology research.
Current development is for a statistical database for monitoring call activity.
Current development is on the software side.
Current developments center on leading-edge wireless and Internet applications.
Current developments focus on simulation inter-operability.
Current developments mean that full colour images can also be readily accessed and transmitted.
Current devices transmit information uphole at about two bits per second.
Most current devices involve the syringe itself, with needles that automatically retract after use.
Current dialogs are ugly.
Most current dictatorships are in Africa and Asia .
Current direction regarding stock use in the Canyon varies between Forests and is unclear.
Current directions indicate the direction that the current is moving towards.
Current directors are from the states of Alabama, Tennessee, and Texas.
Current directory is default.
Current directory is the default mode.
Current directory is used if none are specified.
Current discourse is no longer an artform guided by rules and requiring mental preparation.
Current discrepancies make it very difficult for employers to comply with both laws.
Current discussion focuses on determining the point at which a child is able to provide consent.
Current discussions Click on the title to view the rest of the discussion.
Current discussions envision a possible location near the existing Administration Park domes.
Current discussions focus on finding a balance between community and environmental interests.
Current discussions revolve around the same ideas with too few novelties.
Current discussions seem too reductive and simplistic.
Current displays are available for viewing online here.
Current disputes arising formmisleading, deceptive or fraudulent conduct are hard to resolve.
Current dissertations are available electronically.
Current distortions are financial.
Current distribution is considerably more patchy within the historic range.
Current distribution is patchy and the species has undergone extensive declines.
Current distributions indicate a pattern of expansion.
Current divers appreciate the extra stability gained by a more efficient distribution of weight.
Current docs are online.
Current doctrine relies on information superiority for advantages on the battlefield.
Current document is exchanged with the new document.
Current document is incomplete due to lack of time.
Most current documents are available electronically.
Current documentation is required and the arrangements are made on a semester basis.
Current documentation is required.
Current documentation is woefully inadequate.
Current dogma holds that synapses are used exclusively for communication between neurons.
Current dollars are the actual numbers spent at the time.
Current dollars are the dollar value at the time the output is produced.
Current dollars show the value of the goods produced in the particular year referred to.
Current dollars shows the value of the goods in the year they are produced.
Current draft is attached.
Current draft lists for the sophisticated fan.
Current drain is extremely low allowing unusually long battery life.
Current drain is minimal.
Current draw is quite low, suitable for long-term unattended operation on battery power.
Current drawings are available and are being reviewed by staff for comments.
Any current drive can deliver data plenty fast enough - once it's got to it.
Current drivers are more likely to be DirectX compatible.
Current drivers list.
Current drugs can help symptoms.
Current drugs inhibit the performance of two enzymes that play key roles in viral replication.
Current drugs reduce the symptoms, but their effects wane with time.
Current dues cover current needs.
Current duties involve teaching seventh grade English and eighth grade English.
Current Duties Provide ongoing technical assistance and training for research involving fertility.
Current Earthquakes Go to the recent earthquakes site .
Current edition is available online.
Current edition is with the directories on the first floor.
Current editions are in the clear racks.
Current editions are in the current magazines section.
Current editions are in the Reference area.
Current editors are ineligible.
Current editors are prof.
Current editorial is on line.
Current effort is directed toward determining how best to take advantage of the work done to date.
Current effort is focused on mechanisms for in-situ activation of DNA alkylating agents.
Current effort is focused on the microchannel plate photomultiplier readout scheme.
Current effort is underway to identify specific amino acids implicated in the oxidative catalysis.
Current efforts aim to stabilize the lean.
Current efforts are focused o n characterizing families that appear active in transposition.
Current efforts are in developing modern pedagogy in electrical engineering education.
Current efforts are in three directions.
Current efforts are simply inadequate.
Current efforts are to examine the various signalling components in greater detail.
Current efforts are toward evaluation on accountability of current programs.
Current efforts are underway to clarify the law.
Current efforts are underway to designate money for scholarships and fellowships.
Current efforts are underway to resolve the issues.
Current efforts are underway to secure funding for statewide coordination and delivery.
Current efforts are underway to stabilize both lighthouses, which are slowly giving way to erosion.
Current efforts center around monitoring the size of the sharpshooter population.
Current efforts center on improving the quality of the materials.
Current efforts employ DNA as the construction material.
Current efforts focus on adipocyte development.
Current efforts focus on development of antibodies to catalyze selective oxidation of alkenes.
Current efforts focus on development of instrumentation for use on unmanned aerial vehicles.
Current efforts focus on faculty roles and rewards, service learning, and information technologies.
Current efforts focus on fishers, hotels, farmers, and ecotourism ventures.
Current efforts focus on identifying the specific disease-causing genes.
Current efforts focus on preparing rules on digital signatures and certification authorities.
Current efforts focus on providing the necessary services.
Current efforts focus on reducing seed set and enchaning tolerance to pathogens and pests.
Current efforts focus on revising written educational materials.
Current efforts focus on the application of endoscopic techniques to pituitary and spinal surgery.
Current efforts focus on the chemoprevention of colon, lung and oral cancer.
Current efforts focus on the classification of Begonia and the taxonomy of rock garden plants.
Current efforts focus on the refinement of fuzzy rule-based models and learning algorithms.
Current efforts focus on turnover and phosphorylation of the transporter.
Current efforts involve checking signal integrity using results from simulation and modeling.
Current efforts involve continuous decision variables and multiple constraints.
Current efforts involve planning for a provincial aboriginal literacy gathering.
Current efforts involve the examination of turbulent shear flows beneath free-surfaces.
Current efforts involve writing a full blown flight control system.
Most current efforts fail to address the causes of youth problems.
Some current effort focuses on owners.
Some current effort focuses on ranch owners.
Some current effort focuses on tests.
Some current efforts describe members, loads, and develop limit states for evaluation.
Current electricity has a lower voltage and a higher current than static electricity.
Current electricity is a flow of negative charges through a conductor in a closed circuit.
Current electricity is a stream of electron s flowing through a conductor.
Current electricity is electric charge in motion.
Current electricity is electricity
Current electricity works for people.
Current emissions make it the most damaging of the halons.
Current emphases are in the areas of family law, tobacco litigation and negligence.
Current emphases are on education, condom promotion and screening in order to limit transmission.
Current emphasis is in Mesozoic reefing and carbonate development.
Current emphasis is on acquiring newer publications.
Current emphasis is on acutely delivered serotonergic compounds, both agonists and antagonists.
Current emphasis is on advanced materials and performance estimation of interconnections.
Current emphasis is on biotechnology applications.
Current emphasis is on cereals and pines.
Current emphasis is on chemical vapor deposition and electroplating techniques.
Current emphasis is on chemical vapor deposition and plating techniques.
Current emphasis is on codling moth and other arthropod pests affecting apples, pears, and cherries.
Current emphasis is on custom banners and ribbons for the visual display market.
Current emphasis is on European data prior to the Holocaust.
Current emphasis is on keeping outsiders beyond the firewall, outside the system.
Current emphasis is on landscape-scale management and interagency cooperation.
Current emphasis is on metal-microbe interactions and plant symbionts.
Current emphasis is on minorities in Canada and Finland.
Current emphasis is on neuropeptides and calciotropic hormones.
Current emphasis is on neuropeptides.
Current emphasis is on neuropsychiatric disorders.
Current emphasis is on new genomic approaches to manipulating the immune response.
Current emphasis is on non-methane organic compounds.
Current emphasis is on outsourcing and network services.
Current emphasis is on oyster and clam pathogens.
Current emphasis is on physics with radioactive beams.
Current emphasis is on preparation of a bedrock map of Vermont and interim digital map products.
Current emphasis is on probabilistic reasoning and belief networks.
Current emphasis is on public management of on-site wastewater treatment systems.
Current emphasis is on technology validation, particularly with industrial partners.
Current emphasis is on testing sexual selection theory, using squid and cuttlefish.
Current emphasis is on thank and artillery applications of rail guns.
Current emphasis is on the definition of the properties of industrial fluids.
Current emphasis is on the galactic center region and the galactic anticenter.
Current emphasis is on the idea that endothelium protects smooth muscle against free radicals .
Current emphasis is on the preparation of metal thin films by chemical vapor deposition.
Current emphasis is on the protein-DNA complexes involved in DNA transposition. . .
Current emphasis is on the protein-DNA complexes involved in DNA transposition.
Current emphasis is on treatment evaluation studies and biobehavioral studies of substance abuse.
Current emphasis is on use of human presence sensors to reduce or eliminate entanglements.
Current emphasis is on wood that has been preserved with creosote or arsenical chemicals.
Current employees are committed to the organization and understand the work environment.
Current employees are eligible to re-apply.
Current employees are often good resources.
Current employees are part of the pool of individuals covered by the regulations.
Current employees can learn new subjects or review old ones on an as-needed basis.
Current employees can learn new subjects or review old ones on an economical, as-needed basis.
Current employees can provide a qualified pool of candidates.
Current employees click here for reference information and forms.
All current employees are subject to reasonable suspicion testing.
All current employees have full-time of workload, and thus incapable to support the expansion.
Any current employee is also welcome to participate.
Current employer is unaware of pending job change.
Current employment is after the parenthesis.
Current employment listings for management and entry-level.
Current encoding is Arabic.
Current encryption does work very well.
Current enforcement comes at the discretion of the police.
Current engines recognize and convert to the best of their ability text, patterns, and geometry.
Current enrollment allows students to receive financial assistance.
Current enrollment is approximately fifty graduate students.
Current enrollment is limited.
Current enrollment is slightly down, however all classes are full.
Current enrollments reflect gender and ethnic parity.
Current entry is a door at the centre of the south wall.
Current equipment allows youngsters to get started in flyfishing at an early age.
Current equipment does it all at the push of a button.
Current equipment is a bit more advance.
Current equipment is capable only of printing two colors in one pass.
Current equipment is several generations behind.
Most current equipment tops out at about a tenth of a terabit.
Current estimate is ten.
Current estimates are considerably lower.
Current estimates are grim.
Current estimates are much higher.
Current estimates are that over half the world's population lives in earthen structures.
Current estimates assume that no contamination is present beneath the brine pond liner.
Current estimates indicate that about one-third of all adults smoke.
Current estimates indicate that the Internet is now doubling in size every five months.
Current estimates place the wild tamaraw population from thirty to two hundred individuals.
Current estimates place their total number at a million million.
Current estimates put their best chances of ultimate recovery at five cents on the dollar.
Current estimates reflect higher receipts, lower outlays and a change in cash balances.
Current estimates suggest that several new stars are formed somewhere in our Galaxy every year.
Current estimates suggest that textile consumption declined in both regions in that year.
Most current estimates suggest that promised benefits are underfunded by at least one third.
Current event results USET qualifiers click here .
Current events are a bigger sell.
Current events are a true cause for alarm.
Current events are a way of keeping curriculum relevant to the lives of the students.
Current events are always good sources of questions.
Current Events are below.
Current events are even more cheering.
Current events are events.
Current events are here .
Current events are located in newspapers.
Current events are on the plate as well as two guests.
Current events are real life and something that students can connect with.
Current events are simply a more extreme form of features which have been visible for years.
Current events are subject to quizzes.
Current Events are summaries of important developments.
Current events are very popular and sports are always worth brushing up on before any meeting.
Current events assig.
Current events can drive unexpected traffic to non-profit organization web sites.
Current events can only add fuel to that fire.
Current Events Check back soon for information about upcoming current events.
Current Events Check out our upcoming events and get on our mailing list.
Current events commentary with linked discussion groups and online store.
Current Events -Discusses events going on around the world, using newspapers and the Internet.
Current Events EconEdLink provides access to the latest economics news and information.
Current events facilitate the use of maps, charts, graphs, and other visual aids.
Current Events Find out about current issues in employee benefits.
Current Events Find out what's happening around the world.
Current Events Find today's current issues in Religion Today by clicking a link below.
Current Events Get more information on service and prayer in a time of suffering.
Current events have a strong immediate link within cultures and communities.
Current events help to make students aware of the world beyond themselves.
Current events indicate that the plan is a failure or, at best, inadequate.
Current Events Join the community effort to support legislation in favor of alternative assessments.
Current Events Keep informed of current events as they happen in the world.
Current Events Keep up to date on important sale dates.
Current Events Keep up with the daily news from and about Russia.
Current Events Link to major online news organizations and resources.
Current Events lists several of the special events happening in the area.
Current events make informative and entertaining speech or essay topics.
Current events make such speculation more likely at some point.
Current events make the episode ache with irony.
Current events play a major role on the site.
Current Events Provides links to newspapers around the world.
Current events quizzes.
Current events range from sports and news to politics.
Current events regarding prison life are available here.
Current Events -Strong families air grievances while they are current.
Current Events Talk about Current Events that are going on in the world.
Current events test Orange County schools .
Current Events Unfolding events in Africa are hard to follow in American newspapers.
All current events are here, from science to sports to politics.
Current evidence argues against conversion to human insulin as a cause of hypoglycemic unawareness.
Current evidence can go either way.
Current evidence demonstrates that early populations differ markedly from recent ones.
Current evidence emphasizes the role of cytokines and inflammation in the pathogenesis of psoriasis.
Current evidence favors selenomethionine over the other forms of selenium.
Current evidence favours it being entirely glycoprotein, with no proof of viral nucleic acid.
Current evidence implies a continued flow of money into mutual funds and equities.
Current evidence indicates civilizations developed independently in several widely divergent areas.
Current evidence indicates that allergies are the type of diseases most often associated with molds.
Current evidence is equivocal as to whether the required levels of epistasis exist.
Current evidence shows that potassium deficiencies for alfalfa are common throughout Oklahoma.
Current evidence suggests that adult stem cells have markedly restricted differentiation potential.
Current evidence suggests that Greece was settled by people from the Near East, primarily Anatolia.
Current evidence suggests that non-obese diabetic cats can be fed ad libitum.
Current evidence suggests that synaptic vesicles are recycled quite fast.
Current evidence suggests that there exists no safe threshold level for a carcinogenic chemical.
Current evidence suggests that there is some truth to theories of multiple disadvantage.
Current evidence supports the fact that it is inherited.
Current evidence supports the fact that pets pose a minimal risk.
Current examples are advanced microprocessors and vector analysis.
Current examples are computer science, mathematics, engineering, and meteorology.
Current examples are formal verification and behavioral synthesis language.
Current examples are Marina booking systems or hotel reservation systems.
Current examples are Paraguay, Uruguay and Belgium.
Current examples are regulatory and tort reform.
Current examples are the married credit, charitable donations, medical expenses and tuition.
Current examples help students understand the power of the Internet.
Current examples illustrate lessons.
Current examples illustrate marketing principles.
Current examples pair lambda-cyhalothrin and pirimiphos methyl or cypermethrin and chlorpyrifos.
Current exceptions exist for retirees and former employees entitled to retirement benefits.
Current exclusions are the disposal of land and buildings.
Current exclusions are various known terrorist republics.
Current exemptions remain in effect throughout the phase out period.
Current exhibits are all located indoors.
Current exhibits are also online, and there is a gift shop.
Current exhibits are also online.
Current exhibits cover both old and new portrait, landscape and architectural photography.
Most current exhibits are under constant change and expansion.
Current exhibitions feature various local artists.
Current exhibitions present a broad range of classical, modern, and contemporary art.
Current Exhibitions View the museum's current, past and touring exhibits, or preview upcoming shows.
Current existentialists are likewise advocates of causes.
Current exit records Details of material currently out on loan are particularly important.
Current expansion includes a new recital hall.
Current expansion is mainly in tropical taxa.
Current expatriates can network among themselves to share information about job availability.
Current expectations are often too low.
Current expeditions require a small subsription fee.
Current expense purchases through the Bookstore are allowable.
Current expenses are deductible.
Current experience represents just the beginning.
Current experience shows that the linked-observation facility is used very little .
Current experience shows that the linked-observation facility is used very little.
Current experiments are characterizing receptors for oligosaccharides on the sperm plasma membrane.
Current experiments explore the evolution of complexity in individual-level interactions.
Current experiments focus on two major areas.
Current experiments investigate how anaphors reactivate their antecedents.
Current experiments involve the investigation of the modulation of skeletal muscle relaxation.
Current experiments utilize acoustics to drive a thermoacoustic refrigerator.
Most current experts believe Rhodesian Man to be within the group of 'Homo heidelbergensis'.
Current explanations given in the literature are inadequate to account for all our observations.
Current exposures are below levels of health concern.
Current facilities are a hindrance.
Current facilities are overcrowded and outdated.
Current facilities have research activities tucked away in every conceivable nook and cranny.
Current facility is condemned.
Current faculty are qualified to meet present demand.
Current faculty have a very large responsibility on our journey in exercising their academic duty.
Current faculty is qualified to meet present demand.
Current failure closes valve.
Current families reapply each year in late fall.
Current families serve as hosts to as many as twenty applicants and their parents.
Current FARs are very clear about who is eligible to be a pilot.
Current features appear daily in the USA, Sweden, South Africa, Australia and the Netherlands.
Current fees are applicable.
Current fees are available on request.
Current fees are below actual costs of providing services.
Current fees are subject to change.
Current feedback suggests it is a solid competitor to any other brand currently on the market.
Current fieldwork explores the role of gardens in the transmission of cultural knowledge.
Current fieldwork is conducted with several Native American communities in Arizona and Oklahoma.
Current figures are available upon request.
Current figures are proof of a renewed economic boom in Silicon Valley.
Current figures show over one million couples in the USA are seeking to adopt a child.
Current figures suggest that it is a good time to find jobs.
Current figures support what insiders have known for years.
Current files are generally no more than two business days old.
Current files are no more than two business days old.
Current Findings are here .
Current firmware is available at .
Current firmware is listed below.
Current firmware makes it a lemon.
Current flooding is minor to moderate.
Current flow is from the positive node, through the source, to the negative node.
Current flow is measure in amperes.
Current flow is provided by a pair of pumps on each side of kreisel.
Current flow is the movement of negatively charged electrons to a more positive place.
Current focus deals with access roads in forest land.
Current focus includes curriculum, workshop and software development.
Current focus includes globalization.
Current focus involves experimental design.
Current focus is development of Internet access to existing back office applications.
Current focus is gold and silver in Peru.
Current focus is in the South Bay.
Current focus is on academic and technical sites.
Current focus is on aging of bony fishes.
Current focus is on alkaloid recovery.
Current focus is on apple and strawberry.
Current focus is on automation for the mining industry including draglines and autonomous LHDs .
Current focus is on building demos of the art visual learning process.
Current focus is on East Texas counties.
Current focus is on examining the fit of a hierarchical model of affect to nonclinical populations.
Current focus is on fisheries management, policy, fishermen's economics and sociological aspects.
Current focus is on how to support the authoring aspect of the idea.
Current focus is on investigation of bacterial cell detachment due to starvation.
Current focus is on modeling power consumption.
Current focus is on nutrient cycling in forage crops receiving swine effluent.
Current focus is on organizing and running instructor development and certification workshops.
Current focus is on problems in quantum statistics and analytic methods in physics.
Current focus is on professional services and New Brunswick crafts.
Current focus is on quantum ratchet effects in asymmetric microstructures.
Current focus is on reading skills.
Current focus is on semi-parametric methods using estimating equation approaches.
Current focus is on separations.
Current focus is on South Dakota, North Dakota, Nebraska, Iowa, and Minnesota.
Current focus is on system modeling and performance comparison.
Current focus is on Texas, Colorado, Utah, California, and Arizona.
Current focus is on the application of harmonic balance techniques to steady state solvers.
Current focus is on the creation of electronic portfolios for all students.
Current focus is on the development of mass spectrometer based instruments.
Current focus is on the efficacy of various sequences of exposure to intervention components.
Current focus is on the overarching themes of biology shown below.
Current focus is on the role of the host response in pathogenesis.
Current focus is on the skills that oil and mining companies require of geoscientists.
Current focus is on visual arts and artists.
Current focus is the comments section of the survey results.
Current focus is therefore on development of a redhead population model.
Current folder is selected in red.
Current forecast indicates the stage to continue to fall.
Current forecasts are also available by telephone.
Current forecasts call for above normal temperatures in California through the middle of next week.
Current forecasts call for continuing frigid temperatures throughout the week and even more snow.
Current forecasts call for cool anomalies in the tropical Atlantic.
Current forecasts call for cool to normal anomalies in the tropical Atlantic.
All current forecasts use historical average data.
Most current forecasts appear to be cautiously optimistic for the medium term, however.
Most current forecasts are for normal weather and good production.
Current Form is a much more important factor.
Current form is obviously important, but it can be very tricky.
Current forms are for headquarters use only.
Current format requires crossing the river twice to go to services and dinner.
Current formats skew the importance of some subjects.
Current formats use a technique called streaming, which downloads a portion of the movie at a time.
Current formulations are lightweight yet effective and are strongly recommended.
Current forums relate to our channels and topic areas.
Current functionality includes the monitoring of four sensors by a linux based operating system.
Current functionality is limited but sufficient for the other algorithms to begin plugging into.
Current functionality needs to be replaced.
Current funds are expenditures of funds available for current operations.
Current funds come from government, community, foundation, and private funds.
Current funding allows for about thirty to thirty-eight assistants per semester.
Current funding allows for construction of one to three new signals each year.
Current funding allows for initiation of about four syntheses per year.
Current funding is also available through Title X federal funding.
Current funding is from a CIFE research initiation award.
Current funding is from private donations and from the individual departments.
Current funding is insufficient to provide a hot meal on weekends, let alone holidays.
Current funding is insufficient to sustain the optimum life of our transportation infrastructure.
Current funding is limited, and laboratories are extremely expensive.
Many current fungicides are including a resistance management program on their label.
Current furnishings are in very poor condition-there is no stove.
Current gaps exists in communication between bureaus and among line staff and managers.
Current generations have obligations to future generations as well to generations that came before.
Current gifts are the total of all gifts in which planned giving has been involved.
Current gifts bring income tax charitable deduction.
Current gifts fall short of actual operating costs.
Current goal is there.
Current goal is to reveal the spec.
Current goals are to elucidate the roles of galanin in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland.
Current goals are to increase the number of alumni making annual donations.
Current government is antiquated and was designed for a much more rural county.
Current grades are available here.
Current graduates demonstrate competence in the professional practice of industrial engineering.
Current graduates understand and value professional ethics, integrity, and diversity.
Current grants support only half of needy client base.
Current grantees are eligible to receive continuation funding.
Current graphics are text and pixmaps.
Current group consists of ten graduate students and five postdoctoral fellows.
Current groups range from ethnically-oriented to gay and lesbian alumni.
Some current groups seem to claim a lot more.
Current growth continues to exceed most past projections.
Current growth is overwhelming.
Current guidelines allow lenders to seek assistance from private determination companies.
Current guidelines allow nine hours of transfer credit.
Current guidelines are inadequate for some small headwater streams.
Current guidelines include recommendations.
Current guidelines make little reference to the beliefs and feelings of parents of febrile children.
Current guidelines mandate capnography for general anesthesia.
Current guidelines provide for cooperation in crises directly involving Japan.
Current guidelines recommend early prenatal care, starting at around six weeks.
Current guidelines recommend hydration prior to and during strenuous exercise.
Current guidelines recommend three or more servings a day.
Current guidelines suggest the following.
Current happenings Look here for news about upcoming events around town.
Current hardware includes a collection of workstations, plotters, and digitizers.
Most current helmets have adequate cooling for most riders.
Current help sheets a re available on the web.
Most current heroes are chocolatey.
Current hikers get first priority.
Current History Complete the questions as directed.
Current History is a semester course concerned with current events.
Current home has newer roof and vinyl sizing.
Current home is in Perry, Georgia.
Current homes feature walk-in closets, efficient kitchens, luxury baths and functional living areas.
Current house results below.
Current housing is inadequate.
Current hypotheses suggest benefits.
Current hypotheses suggest short term benefits.
Current hypotheses suggest term benefits.
Most current hypotheses suggest benefits.
Most current hypotheses suggest short term benefits.
Most current hypotheses suggest term benefits.
Some current hypotheses relate to dominance.
Current hysteria ignores the distinction between collective guilt and collective responsibility.
Current idea is to have a fun event of some kind.
Current ideas are a sunspace in back, solar pool heating and possible solar water heating.
Current ideas relating metamorphism and tectonic setting provide the framework.
Current identification indicating proof of address is required to obtain a library card.
Current identification is necessary for adults.
Current identification is necessary for all check handling.
Current identification is required.
Current illumination is by sparsely scattered electric lights - mostly fluorescent.
Current image is simply an imagemap with the lines roughly denoting borders between sections.
Current images are also available.
Most current images appear first.
Current implementation contains enough to make it possible to compile.
Current implementation has the following features.
Current implementation is based on simulated annealing.
Current implementation is completely different.
Current implementation is in a very basic stage.
Current implementation is incompatible with most font installers.
Current implementation parses the config file.
Current implementation puts objects on a grid basis instead of pixel basis.
Current implementation runs out of precision when working with astronomical vertices.
Current implementation supports only integer values.
Current implementations are on multicomputers.
Current implementations compile a program each time it is run.
Current implementations have at least two ways of describing administrative group constraints.
Current implementations permit multiple branched versions.
Current implementations support four, eight, and sixteen samples per pixel.
Current implementations vary.
All current implementations store the document in memory.
Some current implementations lookup every recipient address.
Current improvements consist of older home, utilized as rental property in the past.
Current incentives promote misguided caution, and thus delay, in the investigating of new drugs.
Current income is a consideration, although secondary to achieving capital growth.
Current income is a secondary consideration.
Current income is a secondary investment objective.
Current income is a secondary objective.
Current income is an important, but secondary, factor in the selection of our investments.
Current income is enough to pay the bills, but that s about it.
Current income is enough to pay the bills, but that's about it.
Current income is incidental.
Current income is secondary to capital growth.
Current income is secondary.
All current income helps to stabilize cash flows.
All current income passes through the estate directly to the inheritors.
Current increase varies with PV temperature and battery voltage.
Current indices are as follows.
All current indexes are available through the Web catalogue.
Most current index is on microfiche in the documents area, as are the reports.
Current indications are that other genes are also involved.
Current indications are that the causes are both genetic and environmental.
Current indications are that the program has been a sucess.
Most current indications seem to say the planets, on the whole, are fairly common.
Current indicators are at the bottom of the page.
Current indicators seem to support the later date forecast.
Current indicators show Oklahoma's economy still performing well.
All current indicators point to conditions that spawn expansion.
Current industry analyses on careers.
Current infection is measured most sensitively by DNA detection.
Current inflation is about seven percent.
Current info includes upcoming events, plenty of good links and some volleyball merchandise.
Current info is about a yr out dated.
Current information appears below.
Current information appears to be available, archived stories require a subscription to access.
Current information can be crucial in fields such as medicine and economics.
Current information can make or break a company.
Current information concerning sponsorship is needed.
Current information draws from many sources and includes a free weekly email newsletter.
Current information includes an on-line directory of alumni.
Current information includes an on-line directory of students and profiles of current students.
Current information includes stock quotes and press releases.
Current information includes weather, stocks, news, horoscopes.
Current information indicates that a person can get infected more than once.
Current information is always the most useful.
Current information is available along with several past issues.
Current information is available at the links above.
Current information is available during registration.
Current information is available from the departmental advisor.
Current information is available from the program coordinator.
Current information is available in the entertainment section of the local newspaper.
Current information is available on the committee web site.
Current information is available on the library's homepage.
Current information is available on the range of rehabilitation options.
Current information is based largely on results from mixed stands.
Current information is delayed thirty minutes.
Current information is essential to people searching out 'their dog'.
Current information is found at the links below.
Current information is here.
Current information is important and news articles are a great way to get the latest information.
Current information is on open access, available for browsing.
Current information is posted on a daily basis.
Current information is provided for families, professionals and the community.
Current information is provided in a timely manner.
Current information is provided regarding newmissions.
Current information is provided.
Current information is reflected below.
Current information is requested for several different reasons.
Current information is required.
Current information is the most important item the campus web coordinator can provide.
Current information is vital in today's business environment.
Current information means tight control.
Current information regarding the location of all outfalls to the creeks is limited.
Current information says that there is a vulnerability.
Current information suggests that dietary iron is important.
Current information suggests that some of the coming insulins are closer to being released.
Current information suggests that something in the environment then acts as a trigger.
Current information tends to be textual and menu structured.
More current information is available elsewhere on our site.
More current information is available on department home pages.
More current information is available.
More current information is needed for the page.
More current information is welcome from any department.
More current information means higher quality Web browsing.
Most current information collected by government is for administrative purposes, for example, taxes.
Current inhalers are safe and effective for people with asthma.
Current initiatives head in the right direction.
Current insight is better for dealing with an old physical problem that can repeat itself.
Current installation is the primary problem area.
Current installations are in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
Current installations are in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and New York.
Current institutions become paralyzed by their own unrealistic standards of proof.
Current instructions recommend the use of the diaphragm with spermicide.
Current instructions require the beginning and ending date of the reporting period to be entered.
Current instrumentation lacks specificity due to substantial chemical and physical interferences.
Current insurance is required to participate in the tour.
Current interest continues to center on further delineation of the role of paclitaxel.
Current interest focuses on the implementation of innovations in management accounting practice.
Current interest includes gun manufacturers' liability.
Current interest includes investigations.
Current interest is generated by concern for the fate of nuclear power stations.
Current interest is in poster design.
Current interest is variable.
Current interests are database publishing and customer support and service.
Current interests are in distributed computational intelligence.
Current interests are in outcomes research and instructional technology.
Current interests are in the area of synthetic organosilicon and organolithium chemistry.
Current interests are in the communication and incorporation of science into decision-making.
Current interests are in the fields of music and media.
Current interests are water quality in the Mississippi River Basin and hypoxia in the Gulf.
Current interests center on several intriguing problems.
Current interests centre upon architectural photography, landscapes and teaching.
Current interests focus on nanoparticles and nanostructured materials.
Current interests focus on the automatic generation of software to support scientific simulation.
Current interests focus on the issues of diversity, leadership, and organizational transformation.
Current interests focus on tropical rain forest ecology, hummingbirds, and dragonflies.
Current interests involve cost management issues.
Most current interest includes investigations.
Most current interfaces rely almost entirely on vision to present information.
Current interns meet with ranked students.
Current interpretation is difficult due to unfavourable seeing conditions.
Current interventions are limited to treating the symptomology.
Current interventions are multi-dimensional and vary by community.
Current inventories are smaller than earlier.
Current inventory has a good selection of newly built properties.
Current investigation is aimed at finding some of the answers.
Current investigation is focused on the statistics of counting and error analysis.
Current investigations address both psychological and psychophysiological procedures.
Current investigations are ongoing to find even more effectivebisphosphonates to reduce bone damage.
Current investigations center on the regulation of angiogenesis in human pediatric tumors.
Current investigations concern the pathophysiology of spasticity in children with cerebral palsy.
Current investigations focus on pathogens for the four leading infectious causes of death.
Current investigations focus on the conditions that drive lakes to dystrophy or eutrophy.
Current investigations focus on the following three areas of research.
Current investigations focus on the study of indium oxide and indium nitride systems.
Current investigations involve radiobiology of thyroid cell cultures.
Current investigations involve wave interactions with delamination flaws.
Current investigations range from topics in basic cell biology to cell-based applications.
Current investigations vary the light levels or spectral characteristics of the light on amphibians.
Current investigators focus on the underlying mechanisms of renal disease and breast cancer.
Current investments appear here .
Current investors login here .
Current involvement is limited to development of procedures and training of staff.
Current issue contents online.
Current issue includes upcoming seminars and retreats and a complete conference calendar.
Current issue is available on newstands or by subscription.
Current issue is available online.
Current issue is available to members only .
Current issue is available, and back issues are available through their text-only archive link.
Current issue is full, one advertiser requiring three full pages.
Current issue is in Current Periodicals Area.
Current issue is online.
Current issue is only available to subscribers.
Current Issue Join the society.
Current Issue See a complete table of contents for our current issue.
Current Issue Sign up for a free subscription now.
Current Issue Stay informed with leading edge news, stories and info.
Current Issue Take a peek inside the latest issue.
Current issues affecting business management are an integral part of the course.
Current issues are all about capital.
Current issues are always available on line.
Current issues are available as well as prior issues.
Current issues are available at the periodicals window, and older issues are on microfilm.
Current issues are available for reference in the library.
Current issues are available here.
Current issues are available immediately, by calling the office number above.
Current issues are available in hard copy through subscription.
Current issues are available in hard copy.
Current issues are available in the newspaper section of the Periodicals reading area.
Current issues are available in the red boxes next to the photocopiers.
Current issues are available on the second floor.
Current issues are available on the web.
Current issues are available online.
Current issues are available on-line.
Current issues are available only to members.
Current issues are available there.
Current issues are available to read in the library.
Current issues are different from when the goal of forming a melting pot was reasonably clear.
Current issues are directly behind the elevators.
Current issues are equity, quality of care and human resources development.
Current issues are for use in the library only.
Current issues are how to regulate and control web content.
Current issues are in current periodicals room.
Current issues are in pamphlet format.
Current issues are in the periodical section.
Current issues are on display in the newspaper reading area.
Current issues are on display with back issues available upon request.
Current issues are on display.
Current issues are on newspaper racks located on the first floor.
Current issues are on reserve.
Current issues are on second floor west, and older, bound issues are on third floor east.
Current issues are on shelves.
Current issues are on the display racks.
Current issues are on the first floor and bound volumes on the third.
Current issues are on the first floor with previous issues housed on the third floor.
Current issues are on the magazine stands.
Current issues are on the shelf in alphabetical order by journal title.
Current issues are on the shelves, in alphabetical order.
Current issues are only available in paper form to subscribers.
Current issues are shelved in the new journal room, bound volumes are on the second floor.
Current issues are speed, price, size, and reliability of devices.
Current issues are spiral bound for easy handling.
Current issues are strongly preferred, with an emphasis on interviewing regulatory policy makers.
Current issues being discussed include a webpage, gigs, etc.
Current Issues Click on the image to access current issue.
Current issues continue to be available only to members and direct enquirers.
Current issues facing vocational education are to be discussed.
Current issues have a provincial crest in the middle of the plate.
Current issues remain in the library for all patrons to use.
Current issues serve as a focus for class discussion and assignments.
Current issues shelved by title and back issues are in microfilm.
Current issues soc.
Current issues use pollution, water use, extinction, species diversity, and global warming.
All current issues are exempt.
All current issues are on current magazine shelves unless noted.
All current issues are online.
All current issues are subscription only.
Many current issues affect structural engineers.
Many current issues are complex and require individual evaluation from a number of perspectives.
Many current issues are pivotal to our nation's future.
Many current issues facing the industry relate to environmental matters.
Some current issues are unique to reservations, however.
Some current issues come from control trials.
Some current issues come from trials.
Some current issues face industries.
Current items are usually available for purchase by contacting the publisher.
Current jack is similar but square.
Current job leads.
Current job offers Buyers and chemical analysts are sought.
Current job offers Reported vacancies at the university are regularly posted on the internet.
Current jobs are actually jobs that are vacant and available.
Current journals are in an open display area and back issues are located nearby on normal shelving.
Current journals are on the display shelves near the stairs.
Most current journals circulate for three days, no renewals.
Some current judges have little or no legal training.
Current juniors go at the junior time, etc.
Current juniors intending to earn a graduate degree are eligible.
Current knowledge being far from complete, the model has structural limitations.
Current knowledge holds that DNA gives the blueprint by which biological development is dictated.
All current knowledge is highly biased towards the Holarctic fauna.
Most current knowledge is based on the more traditional, typically sedentary, older patient.
Current labs are open to the public, and without logon protection can be used by anyone.
Current land uses and shifts in use.
Current language has no limits.
Current language is permissive.
Current language is vague to the point of being meaningless.
Current language limits spending on recreation projects to ten percent of the state allocation.
Current language regarding employee criminal history is removed.
Current languages are English, Spanish, French, German, and Portuguese.
Current languages are Finnish, Swedish and English.
Current languages are German, English, Russian, Japanese and Italian.
Current languages supported are English, Spanish, Portuguese and Chinese.
Most current languages have specific areas of successful application.
Most current laptops have active matrix displays without any persistence or display lag issues.
Current law affects only kids five and younger and there are no height restrictions.
Current law allows a charge of second degree murder or manslaughter in such cases.
Current law allows a one-year exemption for students who are still mastering English.
Current law allows an exception under certain circumstances.
Current law allows any defendant in a lawsuit to be responsible for the entire award.
Current law allows certain cities, villages or towns to levy the musical service tax.
Current law allows chiefs to issue to residents of the county.
Current law allows children who attend low-performing schools to transfer to another public school.
Current law allows counties or municipalities in which the building or dwelling is located to do so.
Current law allows counties or municipalities in which the buildings are located to do so.
Current law allows criminal charges for abandonment and child endangerment.
Current law allows debtors to avoid repaying their debts when they have the ability to do so.
Current law allows districts to terminate service after charges remain unpaid in excess of one year.
Current law allows division only as of the date of the decree.
Current law allows employees to file the same grievance through two separate procedures.
Current law allows enforcement officers to investigate only liquor related violations.
Current law allows exceptions only in cases of rape or incest.
Current law allows exceptions only in cases of rape or life endangerment.
Current law allows exceptions only in cases of rape, incest, and life endangerment.
Current law allows extensions to be further extended for an additional six month period.
Current law allows for a five year window.
Current law allows for abortions in the case of health risks.
Current law allows for actions to be brought up to two years after the discharge.
Current law allows for hardship licensing appeals to circuit court.
Current law allows for only one renewal.
Current law allows for similar fee collection by counties in other classifications.
Current law allows for the temporary loan of employees under an interjurisdictional exchange.
Current law allows for WCBAs to process a limited amount of water transfers pending state approval.
Current law allows funding pools to be issued every six months or more frequently.
Current law allows local and state governments to charge only their actual copying costs.
Current law allows local authorities to impound the car of drivers with more than five tickets.
Current law allows multiple guns to be purchased at one time.
Current law allows municipalities to perform only certain functions jointly.
Current law allows municipalities to perform only certain specific functions jointly.
Current law allows official ballot voting on all issues before any district.
Current law allows one visit per year without a referral.
Current law allows one vote per acre dedicated to cotton production.
Current law allows only a full diploma or the lesser certificate of participation.
Current law allows only industrial or commercial reuse.
Current law allows only one.
Current law allows only public universities to offer prepaid tuition plans to prospective students.
Current law allows or five to work for oil and gas companies.
Current law allows persons to remove their names from a recall petition within a sixty day period.
Current law allows public places such as bars and restaurants to contain designated smoking areas.
Current law allows railroads to purchase motor fuel on a tax-free basis.
Current law allows retail wheeling for large new customers.
Current law allows service of a claim at any office at which there is a vice-president.
Current law allows states to count up to one year of vocational education toward the requirement.
Current law allows the formation of urban redevelopment corporations in municipalities.
Current law allows the initial request to be made directly to the circuit court.
Current law allows the judges in juvenile cases wide latitude in the sentencing of juveniles.
Current law allows the jury to decide sentencing for first time offenders.
Current law allows the killing of any mountain lion that poses a threat to people.
Current law allows the manufacture and sale of knives that are undetectable.
Current law allows the money to be used in creative ways.
Current law allows unlicensed vendors to sell guns without background checks.
Current law allows unlimited contributions to political parties.
Current law allows up to five members to be employed by oil and gas companies.
Current law allows utilities only in properly platted subdivisions.
Current law allows vacations of streets, avenues, roads, alleys, and public squares.
Current law allows vehicles that are four years old or newer to be exempt from a smog inspection.
Current law applies only to diesel users.
Current law applies to all grade levels.
Current law applies when a carrier receives a claim from a person entitled to reimbursement.
Current law authorizes agencies to receive comments by voice mail.
Current law authorizes the developer to prepare the report only for the sale of unsubdivided lands.
Current law bans bribery of a public servant of the state.
Current law bans such bullets by metal content.
Current law bans the use of federal funds for research that destroys or injures embryos.
Current law bans the use of U.S. funds for abortions in foreign countries.
Current law bans the use of U.S. funds for any abortions in foreign countries.
Current law calculates that gain based on the date the asset was inherited.
Current law calls for open meetings only when a majority of a government body deliberates on issues.
Current law calls for six years.
Current law classifies some felonies as violent or serious.
Current law classifies the practice of electrical contracting as a disorderly persons offense.
Current law considers corporations as legal persons.
Current law constrains the ability of the agency to obtain outside technical advice.
Current law contains a loophole that allows a tenant to delay eviction by declaring bankruptcy.
Current law contains no limitation.
Current law contains no specific protection against discrimi-nation based on sexual orientation.
Current law contains no specific training requirements for handgun owners.
Current law contains protections for family farms and businesses.
Current law covers only cars and light trucks.
Current law covers only voting rights in federal elections.
Current law covers race and religion.
Current law creates joint and several liability for the cost of remediating disposal sites.
Current law defines a provider as a person who enters into one or more contracts.
Current law defines cultures and stocks as laboratory wastes infectious to humans.
Current law demands that information be destroyed immediately.
Current law denies childcare licenses to applicants convicted of violent felonies.
Current law denies utilities to residents whose lots fail to meet the guidelines.
Current law designates immunization requirements for children.
Current law disqualifies a person only if the offense occurred within five years of the application.
Current law does however, allow the marketing of plans to only ineligible employees.
Current law encourages moving jobs out of Wisconsin .
Current law ends annuity payments in the month immediately preceding the month that death occurs.
Current law exempts Class V school districts from the provision.
Current law exempts state-owned property from property tax.
Current law exempts the projects from municipal laws, ordinances, and regulations.
Current law favors insurance companies .
Current law favors the arms exporter.
Current law gives a monopoly to a small handful of California refineries.
Current law gives all PACs the option to file electronically.
Current law gives sheriffs and police departments discretion in deciding who gets a permit.
Current law gives the edge to the artist.
Current law gives the governor veto power over additional runways.
Current law has income limits.
Current law has it backwards.
Current law has more stringent provisions.
Current law has no caps on either type of contribution.
Current law has two opposite precedents for providers' responsibilities.
Current law imposes a mandatory one-year term for the offense.
Current law imposes a severe penalty on persons who overstay their authorized period of admission.
Current law imposes sanctions on foreign countries for the detonation of nuclear devices.
Current law imposes the tax solely on gross premiums.
Current law imposes various conditions on and requirements for purchasing alcohol beverages.
Current law includes projects over ten square feet or sixteen linear feet.
Current law is all that is needed to prosecute criminals.
Current law is all that is needed to prosecute thugs.
Current law is based on the common law which has roots in Greek and Roman law.
Current law is broad based and actually gives permission to an assessor to enter without asking.
Current law is discretionary.
Current law is inadequate to protect the privacy of consumers.
Current law is limited and many intrusions go undetected.
Current law is limited to cities having an engineer or similar official on the planning commission.
Current law is simply too inflexible to meet their needs.
Current law is sufficient to permit interagency agreements to be developed.
Current law is suspended and freedom of expression guaranteed until adoption of the new law.
Current law is too vague and therefore can be misinterpreted.
Current law is updated monthly.
Current law leaves a question of liability for such action.
Current law leaves audit scope and process largely up to the terms of individual schools' charters.
Current law leaves many trusted U.S. banks at the mercy of foreign borrowers.
Current law lets local school boards decide if they want a minute of silence.
Current law limits appeals based on new evidence to one year.
Current law limits attorney contingent fees for tort cases only in medical malpractice cases.
Current law limits contingent fee rates in certain cases, such as medical malpractice cases.
Current law limits debt to ten percent of the district's assessed valuation.
Current law limits existence to a number of years.
Current law limits health plan reserves to between one and two months of expenses.
Current law limits jail time to willful violations.
Current law limits optometrists to the use of topical pharmaceutical agents.
Current law limits recorders to just first, second and certain third classification counties.
Current law limits regulation and tax collection to cities and counties.
Current law limits the ability of corporations and labor unions to engage in direct speech.
Current law limits the amount of bonds the board can issue.
Current law limits the wait to only three months.
Current law lists procedures for the licensure of dentists and dental hygienists.
Current law makes brownfield owners pay for cleanup only if they caused the contamination.
Current law makes it a crime only for the driver to have an open container.
Current law makes it a crime to release tax returns or return information without proper authority.
Current law makes it a felony to harm national security by leaking classified defense material.
Current law makes it a gross misdemeanor to fail to register or to provide false information.
Current law makes it a priority to keep families together.
Current law makes it an aggravated misdemeanor, which carries only a two-year penalty.
Current law makes it applicable to wetlands within the state.
Current law makes it merely a misdemeanor to cross state lines to avoid payments.
Current law makes it unlawful for people to marry or have sexual relations with their relatives.
Current law makes no provision for amending plans.
Current law makes possession of any amount of cocaine a felony offense.
Current law makes selling children for sex only a misdemeanor.
Current law makes that step optional.
Current law makes unlawful merchandising practices a class D felony.
Current law means that the people who own the rights to a song own it, essentially, forever.
Current law outlines the procedure for designating an anatomical gift.
Current law permits a showing of hardship to the individual undergoing deportation proceedings.
Current law permits adjoining school districts to join an existing community college district.
Current law permits certain occupations to operate out of residences.
Current law permits denial of access to the storage unit upon default.
Current law permits either the teacher or the local school board to request a hearing.
Current law permits employers to monitor computer use without permission or advance notice.
Current law permits only individuals and certain classes of corporations to take the tax credits.
Current law permits reimbursement for costs necessary for the preparation of the case.
Current law permits students to attend only one year of senior public high school.
Current law permits the destruction and removal of any structure illegally erected.
Current law places no limit on handling and collection costs.
Current law places no restrictions on the daily taking of frogs.
Current law places small meat processors at a competitive disadvantage.
Current law prevents a juvenile from owning a handgun.
Current law prevents such visits.
Current law prohibits all contact between juvenile offenders and adult offenders.
Current law prohibits any new tolls on existing federal highways.
Current law prohibits conducting the primary and general elections by mail.
Current law prohibits disposal of yard waste in landfills.
Current law prohibits exhaust tailpipes from protruding from the bus at all.
Current law prohibits health carriers from discrimination between eye care providers.
Current law prohibits housing juvenile offenders with their adult counterparts.
Current law prohibits increasing taxes, holding payroll taxes at today's levels.
Current law prohibits it.
Current law prohibits livestock coverage.
Current law prohibits loaning money on gambling boats.
Current law prohibits making a profit from the sale of aborted children.
Current law prohibits making a refund during the time of appeal.
Current law prohibits minors from buying tobacco, but it's silent on possession.
Current law prohibits only the driver from doing so.
Current law prohibits only the driver from having an open container.
Current law prohibits payment of interest to the taxpayer.
Current law prohibits possession of paraphernalia and devices intended for use with illegal drugs.
Current law prohibits possession, delivery or production of marijuana.
Current law prohibits privatization or tolls on the federal highway system.
Current law prohibits profiting from the sale of aborted babies.
Current law prohibits publication until a patent is assigned.
Current law prohibits renewals.
Current law prohibits sending any citizen to a foreign court.
Current law prohibits staff that care for adult offenders from working with juvenile offenders.
Current law prohibits such sales.
Current law prohibits Superfund money to be spent cleaning oil spills.
Current law prohibits the denial or delay of adoption or foster placement based on race.
Current law prohibits the possession, manufacture, and delivery of drug paraphernalia.
Current law prohibits the sale of tax delinquent property in Scranton.
Current law prohibits the ticket scalping of sporting events only.
Current law prohibits the use of federal funds for lobbying federal and state legislation.
Current law prohibits vote by mail for biennial primary or general elections.
Current law prohibits weapons transfers and military training for the Indonesian military.
Current law protects employed physicians who jointly negotiate how they provide their services.
Current law protects retirement plan assets from creditors.
Current law protects the confidentiality of criminal record information on juvenile offenders.
Current law protects the confidentiality of financial information.
Current law protects the lands from being sold, although they can be exchanged for other lands.
Current law provides a cottage industry for environmental groups who sue to get their way.
Current law provides administrators with flexibility in disciplining children with disabilities.
Current law provides an exemption only for employees of industrial corporations.
Current law provides an inappropriate disincentive for adoption.
Current law provides consumers little to no protections from bank securities sales.
Current law provides consumers very little protection for their private financial records.
Current law provides coverage for such injuries but contains no express statute of limitations.
Current law provides exceptions for certain asset transfers.
Current law provides for a maximum adjustment of two percent.
Current law provides for a ten year statute of repose in such situations.
Current law provides for numerous statutory appropriations from the general fund.
Current law provides for payment of an allowance in the month in which a retired member dies.
Current law provides for the appointment of a guardian ad litem for a mentally ill spouse.
Current law provides for the election of marshal by the voters of the city.
Current law provides for the freedom of religion.
Current law provides for the governor a member of one party to appoint all of the commissioners.
Current law provides for two classes of certified real estate appraisers.
Current law provides for two year terms.
Current law provides funding only for brownfields assessment.
Current law provides only one set of plates.
Current law provides penalties for persons who escape from custody.
Current law provides penalties for violations relating to the operation of child care facilities.
Current law provides reimbursement only for the transporting entity.
Current law provides special death benefits for the wives of slain officers and firefighters.
Current law provides that the governing body pass a resolution authorizing tenure.
Current law provides the same protection to victims of natural disasters.
Current law recognizes that link.
Current law refers to a list of all taxable property.
Current law regulates the export of encryption technology in the same manner as military technology.
Current law related to the issuance of temporary school bus operator's permits is unchanged.
Current law requires a connection between an ordinance's purpose and effect.
Current law requires a court to enter a judgment of legal separation if either party requests it.
Current law requires a hearing before an immigration judge.
Current law requires a minimum of a one-year suspension for a student bringing a weapon to school.
Current law requires a non-resident of the county to post such a bond.
Current law requires a notice to be sent to the registered owner by certified mail.
Current law requires a one year notice.
Current law requires a permanent site before transfer.
Current law requires a prosecuting attorney to issue such an order.
Current law requires a surviving spouse to file a simple form with no cost.
Current law requires activation when the producer receives the written appointment from the insurer.
Current law requires actual sexual intercourse for the offense.
Current law requires all candidates, even candidates without any contributions to file all reports.
Current law requires an affirmative vote of six of the board's eight members or their designees.
Current law requires annual licensing visits for all centers.
Current law requires any dealer who sells a vehicle to have it pass emissions testing.
Current law requires architects, professional engineers, and land surveyors to be registered.
Current law requires Arizona drivers to have liability insurance.
Current law requires both criteria for the felony charge, rather than one or the other.
Current law requires colonias to give up state help immediately after being annexed.
Current law requires court orders for all child placements.
Current law requires districts to use the essential knowledge and skills as guidelines.
Current law requires drivers to stop only on highways.
Current law requires elected clerks and recorders to enter into bond to the state.
Current law requires employer pension contributions to be vested in no more than five years.
Current law requires federal agents to provide an immediate inventory of all seized items.
Current law requires individuals to request their information be private.
Current law requires judges to waive the fine if proof of purchase of a safety seat is provided.
Current law requires law enforcement to provide probable cause to seize items.
Current law requires neither parental knowledge nor consent.
Current law requires no posting at all when pesticides are used indoors.
Current law requires notification only when a student has allegedly committed a crime.
Current law requires one member to be the county executive.
Current law requires one technician for every pharmacist.
Current law requires only a vote by the county commission.
Current law requires only gun dealers to request such background checks.
Current law requires only one address for either county chair or secretary.
Current law requires only substantiated reports to be referred.
Current law requires only the plat or survey description.
Current law requires only vehicle coverage for centers that transport children.
Current law requires optometrists to release prescriptions to patients under certain circumstances.
Current law requires payment of premiums until the retired member dies.
Current law requires people convicted of sex crimes to submit a DNA sample for the state's DNA bank.
Current law requires pharmacies to keep records on file for five years.
Current law requires publication for two consecutive weeks.
Current law requires reviews of each subject area at least once every seven years.
Current law requires seat belt use by all passengers where a belt is available.
Current law requires serious bodily harm and proof of recklessness.
Current law requires special legislation to develop any surplus state property.
Current law requires substantial compliance with the notice rules.
Current law requires such communities to be located in officially designated rural counties.
Current law requires such procedure only for cases resulting in the removal of a patrol officer.
Current law requires such procedures only for cases resulting in the removal of a patrol officer.
Current law requires such records be kept only two years.
Current law requires such statements by the first of the month.
Current law requires that a certified copy of a rule or regulation be offered in evidence.
Current law requires that a complete copy of the probate be filed with the deed of distribution.
Current law requires that a reevaluation occur at least every three years.
Current law requires that a worker wait until the petition is approved before changing employers.
Current law requires that all commissioners reside in the city where the condemnation occurs.
Current law requires that all juvenile records and proceedings be closed to the public.
Current law requires that art be displayed to the public in order to qualify for a tax exemption.
Current law requires that dissolution be approved by a four- sevenths majority.
Current law requires that doctors and nurses report all wounds indicating violence.
Current law requires that each charge be filed and heard separately.
Current law requires that elementary schools have guidance counselors.
Current law requires that service by certified mail be made by the clerk.
Current law requires that such a claim be filed within one year of the date the claim accrues.
Current law requires that such records be destroyed within six months.
Current law requires that the fee be one percent.
Current law requires that the removal be from a person with legal custody.
Current law requires that there be no substitute.
Current law requires that venue be proper only for the named plaintiff.
Current law requires the advanced payment.
Current law requires the analysis of a multiplicity of factors.
Current law requires the commissioners to be residents of the city in question.
Current law requires the current carrier to provide summary data.
Current law requires the deduction to be made the next succeeding year.
Current law requires the department to develop multiple reporting models.
Current law requires the examination to be conducted by a physician.
Current law requires the funds to be invested in U.S. government securities.
Current law requires the government to look only at health risks before acting.
Current law requires the judge to enter an order waiving such costs.
Current law requires the list to be published twice a year.
Current law requires the state or locality to spend proceeds over two years, or face a penalty.
Current law requires the state to keep for five years the records of any instant-check gun purchase.
Current law requires the state to prove the motorist was driving drunk.
Current law requires the statement to be published annually and the audit to be published.
Current law requires the use of physical force for someone to be charged with rape.
Current law requires the water to be disinfected before storage and again when it is retrieved.
Current law requires three members of the county legislature to serve on the board.
Current law requires trial courts to improve their operations in a variety of ways.
Current law requires two plans to be offered.
Current law requires utility companies to set rates that are reasonable and just.
Current law requires water companies to request a formal rate hearing.
Current law requiring residential off-street parking is based on how many bedrooms a home has.
Current law restricts ownership to CPAs.
Current law says no.
Current law sets forth the procedures and rules as suggestions.
Current law sets goals for state agencies in contracting with such businesses.
Current law sets it at equal to or greater than the poverty rate.
Current law specifies a discrepancy between aptitude and achievement.
Current law specifies any county, state, or federal parole officer or federal pretrial officer.
Current law specifies that they can adopt or deny the requested changes.
Current law specifies the diseases for which immunizations are required.
Current law specifies the landowner's liability based on the amount charged to the hunter for entry.
Current law specifies the wards contained in each subdistrict.
Current law states military pay is exempt from tax only while in combat zones.
Current law states that a lien for personal property tax debt takes priority over other debts.
Current law states that a person is charged with involuntary manslaughter.
Current law states that airport revenues can only be used for airport purposes.
Current laws allow the imports to be labeled as catfish or under other names.
Current laws allow the police and fire departments to prosecute pranksters.
Current laws appear to contain the criteria and requirements necessary to address concerns.
Current laws are an anachronism.
Current laws are antiquated and inadequate.
Current laws are available to subscribers to the Mississippi Code and to members.
Current laws are inadequate.
Current laws are often a greater obstacle to that goal than their disability itself.
Current laws are often ineffective because of generally poor enforcement.
Current laws are shaky at best.
Current laws contain obstacles which impede operation of foreign companies in Guatemala.
Current laws designed to discourage email abuse are totally ineffective.
Current laws diminish the role of political parties.
Current laws exempts religious organizations from anti-discrimination laws.
Current laws forbid a landlord from evicting a tenant for the purpose of raising rents.
Current laws forbid authorities to enter private property without a warrant.
Current laws forbid overseas mortgages.
Current laws give judges a range in which they can assign a fine.
Current laws hurt both countries.
Current laws leave courts ill-equipped to rule on the disclosure of cookie files.
Current laws limit driving time to a maximum of ten consecutive hours.
Current laws offer spotty and untested protection for personal data.
Current laws prevent unsold lots from being developed until basic utilities are provided.
Current laws prohibit campaign contributions from foreign governments, citizens, or businesses.
Current laws punish legal immigrants out of proportion to their crimes.
Current laws regarding spam vary, with new legislation proposed both nationally and locally.
Current laws require barb less hooks and catch and release unharmed only.
Current laws require that all pesticide applications be administered by licensed, private companies.
Current laws requires less accountability for bounty hunters than for trained police officers.
Current laws treat free parking as a nontaxable fringe benefit.
Current laws vary widely from state to state.
Current lawn is common bermuda.
Current leaders are France, Switzerland, Finland, Germany in that order.
Current Leaders See who is taking charge in the Game.
Current leaders seem more obsessed with control and process than creative, innovative thinking.
Current leakage is measured.
Current lease includes adequate parking for employees and city vehicles.
Current lease includes building exterior.
Current lease includes sewer fees, water and taxes.
Current lease includes utilities.
Current leases enable governments to protect pastoral land.
Current legislation affecting the field is also available.
Current legislation allows a maximum of three months in jail and a five hundred dollar fine.
Current legislation bans women from the country's boxing rings.
Current legislation does nothing more then place a band-aid on a festering wound.
Current legislation facilitates torture.
Current legislation forbids Russia from importing nuclear waste materials from abroad.
Current legislation is available electronically.
Current legislation is based on English common law.
Current legislation is complex, and new projects run the risk of infringing existing patents.
Current legislation is duplicated and overlaps.
Current legislation is in place to help with the growing beetle problem.
Current legislation is inadequate to protect the rights and dignity of citizens.
Current legislation is limited.
Current legislation is no longer as effective as it needs to be.
Current legislation prevents the cloning of humans but is unspecific.
Current legislation prevents workers families suing the companies.
Current legislation prohibits Russia from importing nuclear waste materials from abroad.
Current legislation provides for governmental databases of nursing professions and medical doctors.
Current legislation provides for parents, offspring, brothers, and sisters of the person affected.
Current legislation requires a higher level of expertise and accountability by professionals.
Current legislation revolves around railroad abandonment and continuing education.
Current lessees have first right of refusal once their lease terms expire.
Current lesson See how the word is used.
Current lessons focus on energy, electromagnetic radiation, and sources of radiation.
Current levels are better than the best competitor.
Current levels are more than adequate to support a student in graduate school.
Current levels are nearly double that.
Current levels are normal.
Current liabilities are debts due and payable within one year.
Current liabilities are debts payable within twelve months.
Current liabilities are due within one fiscal year.
Current liabilities are due within one year.
Current liabilities are essentially a company's interest-free IOUs.
Current liabilities are liabilities due in less than one year.
Current liabilities are obligations due within one year.
Current liabilities are the company's debts due in one year, paid out of current assets.
Current liabilities are the debts due in one year, which are paid out of current assets.
Current liabilities Gives some indication of a business ability to repay creditors.
Current licensees can download a free upgrade of the new version.
Current licensees can expect some information directly.
Current life stresses.
Current limit is independently adjustable for each channel.
Current limits are as for the hand-held version.
Current limits are subject to change.
Many current limitations based on age and health contribute more to the problem than the solution.
Current link is to USA mirror site.
Some current linkages exist with bathhouses, drug treatment facilities, and homeless shelters.
Current list are at least two to three per month.
Current list is in office.
Current list is sorted by department and call number.
Current lists are available in the departmental undergraduate office.
Current lists are detailed, and instructions for subscribing for newcomers.
Current listings appear below.
Current Listings are available and updated regularly.
Current listings are ONLY for systems offered through the school year.
Current Listings Click the thumbnail images to see a larger photo of the house.
Current listings feature books for learners of Irish, young people, plays, fiction and poetry.
Current Listings Sign up to receive notification of new job opportunities.
Current Listings Take a look at the condo listed below.
Current literature emphasize social housing.
Current literature fails to address the definition directly.
Current literature holds high priority.
Current literature includes a third modelthe consequencemodel for IT diffusion.
Current literature is discussed briefly as an introduction to techniques of genetic engineering.
Current literature is discussed.
Current literature is emphasized.
Current literature is examined.
Current literature is explored.
Current literature is reviewed and discussed.
Current literature is reviewed and the goals and phases of the program are outlined.
Current literature is reviewed.
Current literature is stressed to support current student research.
Current literature is surveyed.
Current literature is the basis of content covered with emphasis on journal articles.
Current literature is widespread and was easily accessible from a Bible college library.
Current literature proposes that a discrepancy analysis of skills within environments be conducted.
Current literature regarding country specific diseases is provided.
Current literature regarding manipulation and regulation of microbial activities is discussed.
Current literature reviews.
Current literature seems to come down pretty heavily on the anti extra-year side.
Current literature supports font faces from each category as long as they are easy to read.
All current literature is available for download and viewing here.
Most current literature is published in English.
Current loan is a std.
Current location is unknown.
Current locomotives are seven feet taller than the train cars.
Current loop is protected from shorts to ground.
Current loops are a standard which are used widely in process automation.
Current loops are insensitive to noise and are immune to errors from line impedance.
Current losses are probably several times that amount.
Current machines feed from a sealed cartridge which is normally a proprietary design .
Current machines feed from a sealed cartridge which is normally a proprietary design.
Current machines use dedicated processors or computers to monitor and analyze the gage head signal.
Current magazines are available for recreational reading in the library.
Current magazines are due the next return date without exception.
Current magazines are in revolving stands near the lounge area.
Current magazines are in the display and can be read in the library.
Current magazines check out overnight.
Current magazines circulate for the hour only.
Current magazines circulate for two days and back issues circulate for one week.
Current magazines circulate overnight.
Current mails invoices approximately one to two weeks after publishing a classified ad.
Current Majors can obtain more details about the transition here .
All current majors have the option of following the new core sequence requirements.
Current mammography represents very little x-ray exposure and is safe.
Current management teams assume responsibility.
Current management focuses on reducing the impact of any cranial or limbdefect.
Current management includes family of original owners.
Current management involves removal of the black locust and shrubs and occasional burns.
Current management is limited to population and habitat monitoring in Colorado.
Current management recognizes the impact of video on the new generation.
Current managers are in Bold .
Current managers enjoy gifting conversion efforts to the next generation.
Current manual is very short and based on a previous version of dgshop.
Current maps show no portage into Norway.
Current maps show the exact location of all cemeteries.
Much current marijuana is far more potent, mind-altering and harmful than before.
Current market carry in the deferred futures contracts make storage attractive.
Current market demands competitivness and quality products.
Current markets tend to be foodservice and major retail markets.
Most current markets are commodity based and discriminate on price rather than quality.
Current masses require four ushers.
Current material is at the end.
Current material is preferred.
Current materials are already sufficiently strong to construct such an elevator.
Current materials are capable of heights many times taller.
Current materials are for corn and soybeans.
Current materials are hard, dry and inert.
Current materials are mandatory, and it is imperative the participants are using the correct book.
All current materials are on open access and for reference only.
Most current materials are in faculty offices.
Current max handle.
Current measures are incoherent and inadequate, and often aggravate the problem.
Current measures tend to focus on public expenditures.
Current measurements are still far from providing a global view of nitrogen oxide distributions.
Current measurements give lifetimes greater than to years depending on the decay mode.
Current medications are far from perfect prevention is still the order of the day.
Current medications are safe and have few side effects.
All current medications require life-long daily therapy.
Current medicines are safe enough that the risk of drug therapy in minimal.
Current mediums are watercolor, acrylic, some monotype and mixed media.
Current meetings focus on strategy implementation.
Current members are from all academic spectrums.
Current members are Thailand, India, Indonesia, and Myanmar.
Current members are welcome to attend and participate.
Current members are welcome to attend.
Current members are willing to assist the new recruit with the gathering of the necessary items.
Current members attend at no charge.
Current members can access the online membership directory .
Current members can click below to enter the area.
Current members can earn free months by referring their friends.
Current members can edit their site by clicking here.
Current members can edit their sites at the edit form below.
Current members can e-mail the information directly to the webmaster at the address below.
Current members can log in by entering their name and password.
Current members can logon here .
Current members can now reserve a box by stopping in at the credit union.
Current members can order online, too.
Current members can renew their memberships online.
Current members can request their access codes by sending an email to the webmaster .
Current members can serve another term if no one else in their region desires to serve.
Current members can start listing games anytime.
Current members can submit their own reviews .
Current members choose the activities for each school year.
Current members click here.
Current members exhibit considerable diversity.
Current members get priority.
Current members have backgrounds ranging from tennis to basketball to football.
Current members have backgrounds ranging from tennis to football to no sports.
Current members have the opportunity to serve as recruiters and earn a host of great prizes.
Current members log in .
Current members login .
Current members login below.
Current members login here .
Current members login here Welcome to the world of air courier travel.
Current members perform jazz, world, and electronic music as well as classical and romantic styles.
Current members provide a balance among industry and government.
Current members range in age from teenagers to senior adults.
Current members receive the full printed issue each month.
Current members remain committed to developing new initiatives to benefit families.
Current members represent growers.
Current members sign in here .
Current members sign in here to access the discussion board.
Current members sign in here to accessthe discussion board.
Current members teach all aspects of the game to new members.
Current members teach voice at nearby colleges and are ministers of music at churches.
Current members vary in majors, and include graduate and non-traditional students.
Current members work for a variety of organizations and in many different types of roles.
All current members are eligible to hold office and to vote.
All current members are eligible to receive a cash award.
All current members are volunteers.
All current members are welcome to attend.
All current members have first priority to enroll in program.
All current members receive the Bulletin .
Any current member can be a sponsor.
Any current member can have a new card issued if it is lost, stolen, or damaged.
Any current member can have private lessons with one of our exceptional coaches.
Any current member is eligible for any position of the organization.
Any current member is eligible to be nominated and elected to any of the open positions.
Some current members live as far away as Alaska.
Current membership comes from multiple sectors in the industry, both domestic and international.
Current membership includes colleagues across the country as well as around the world.
Current membership includes countries from around the world.
Current membership includes designers, restoration specialists, manufacturers and researchers.
Current membership includes medical doctors, research scientists, and genetic counselors.
Current membership includes only about ten families so it is never crowded.
Current membership includes representatives from universities throughout the United States.
Current membership includes some of the most respected people in the County's business community.
Current membership includes ten congregations, one association and two individual members.
Current membership includes ten corporations, six national laboratories, and five universities.
Current membership includes three representatives of each sponsor and two public members.
Current membership includes universities, centers and industries from Algeria.
Current membership is about sixty.
Current membership is approximately two hundred women.
Current membership is around eight people.
Current membership is by invitation only.
Current membership is listed in a subsequent section.
Current membership is over seven hundred, including a number of overseas members.
Current membership is over twenty and steadily increasing again.
Current membership is shown above.
Current membership reflects the tremendous diversity of independent schools in the State of Hawaii.
Current menus are available online.
Current messages are of two types.
Current Meter Is a device for sensing velocity.
Current meters are available in two styles.
Current meters average all blood sugars.
Current meters can be mechanical, electric, electromagnetic, acoustic, or combination thereof.
Current meters measure both the speed and direction of water movements.
Current meters measure velocity at a point, but what is more important is the mean velocity.
Current method fails on certain endian machines.
Current methods are complicated, time-consuming, and can be imprecise.
Current methods are inaccurate for assessing the cerebral metabolism of newborns.
Current methods are invasive and uncomfortable at best.
Current methods are just too slow.
Current methods assert that the complete specification can be described.
Current methods can give ambiguous results, making diagnosis of some conditions difficult.
Current methods can result in a weakened or discolored product.
Current methods permit the researcher to fit models and assess goodness of fit.
Current methods permit visualization only of approximately the first one-third of the small bowel.
Current methods take a long time to identify molecular targets of new drugs.
Current methods take advantage of computational advances to compute the optimal design directly.
Current methods use a complex technique of simultaneously pressing special function keys.
Current methods use DMSO as cryoprotectant.
Most current methods result in the genes being introduced into essentially all tissues of the body.
Current methodologies require days or weeks to identify molds before remedial action can be taken.
Current methodologies require time and are labor intensive.
Current methodologies tend to favor quantitative approaches.
Current methodology assumes that ALL centers share in the cost.
Current methodology has a high rate of false positives and false negatives.
Current methodology is predicated on a mistake and a sin.
Current metrics tend to be ad hoc and tend to neglect alternative projections and algorithms.
Current microwaves are more process-oriented.
Current mirrors are also possible sources of additional errors.
Current mods are aesthetic.
Current mode is display in title bar at the top of the calculator.
Current mode is used typically when event rates are very high.
Current model circulates many times.
Current models are descriptive, empirical models derived from experimental data.
Current models are highly mathematical but are closely linked with observation.
Current models expend about one-third of their power just cutting through the air.
Current models explain GRBs as a relativistically expanding fireball produced in an explosion.
Current models have controls at fingertip level, dual burners and even matchless ignition.
Current models have removable shields.
Current models indicate that sex evolves more readily when a species' environment changes rapidly.
Current models indicate that there are natural means to propel organisms into interplanetary space.
Current models represent the nutation quantities with well-defined series.
Current models show a wide variation in energy consumption.
Current models suffer from several shortcomings.
Current models suggest that flip-flop is catalyzed by specific proteins termed flippases.
Current models use an O-ring seating method.
All current models are correct.
Most current models represent bioturbation as a diffusion process.
Current modems downshift to less complex sounds to send data at a slower rate.
Many current modems are also capable of sending and receiving faxes.
Most current modules focus on New England prototypes.
Current molecular evidence disproves theories.
Current money is tax driven.
Current monitoring is used to help diagnose machine problems.
Current monopolists do as they can hold prices steady.
Current month is preliminary.
Current month is subject to revision when new monthly data are released.
Current month shows a good number of jobs.
Many current movies have their own site, i.e.
Current needs are for all areas of economics.
Current needs are for weekends with occasional evening hours.
Current needs are in the following areas.
Current needs are Spain, South America, Belgium, Italy, Brazil and Mexico.
Current needs are wiring, ductwork, stucco.
Current needs can thus affect perception.
Current negotiations are underway to deliver the degree in China .
Current network overlaying techniques and superscopes introduce complexity and performance problems.
Current networks are too clogged for the transfer of very large data sets.
Current networks carry as much data as they do voice transmissions.
Current networks provide only inexact location information.
Current news appears on the main page.
Current news is available through their wireless news feed.
Current news is free online from many directions.
Current news is listed below.
Current news is posted below, but a more efficient and useful design is being developed.
Current news is provided as well as a subject database for information search.
Current news relating to the industry is discussed every month.
Current news reports mostly.
Current news reports on what is going on around the country and the world.
Current newsletter is available on their web site.
All current Newsletters are available in html format for easy reading, downloading and printing .
All current newsletters are online.
Current newspapers are also available in the periodicals room.
Current newspapers are also available.
Current newspapers are important but complete runs of older newspapers are critical.
Current newspapers are on display racks.
Current newspapers are on poles to the right of the entrance.
Current newspapers are on the lower level.
Current newspapers can also be a good source of trend information.
Current newspapers can be a good source of topics.
Many current newspapers are also available individually on the Internet.
Current node is set to found node.
Current nomenclature is used in extensive labeling and brief descriptive text.
Current nose is no longer valid.
Current nostril is no longer valid.
Current notes can carry on playing.
Current numbers are even higher .
Current numbers are even higher.
Current numbers are similar in the Windy City.
Current numbers are still low due to cool weather.
Current numbers indicate higher investment levels, but, paradoxically, a more costly labour force.
Current numbers paint a sobering picture.
Current numbers show a dramatic reduction in crime across Ohio.
Current numbers suggest that such a prospect is a near certainty at some point in the future.
Current observations are at the threshold of probing the hydrogen reionization epoch.
Current observations indicate that mash hopping provides almost no bitterness to the finished beer.
Current observations show that galaxies tend to cluster around other galaxies.
Current observers are agencies from Belgium, Canada, New Zealand, and Norway.
Current offerings are in American History and political science.
Current offerings are pastoral counseling, Christian education and hermeneutics.
Current offerings range from engineering services to desktop management and information security.
Current offerings require added components that are sometimes difficult to install and configure.
Current offerings span a range of systems and OS types.
Current offerings tend to focus on music, celebrity sightings and business issues.
Current officeholders report everything since the last report.
Current officers Get a listing of the current officers and their e-mail links.
Current Officers Get a listing of the current officers and their e-mail links.
Current ones are chincy.
All current ones are single-sided.
Current opening is full-time, swing shift.
Current opening is in our Canton office.
Current opening is permanent part-time and benefit earning.
Current openings are available in our Naples, Florida office.
Current openings are available in several areas, including biology, business and education.
Current openings are available.
Current openings are for full-time, permanent positions.
Current openings are in New York City and Chicago.
Current Openings Click on a category below to view specific postion descriptions.
Current Openings Click on a job below to view a full description.
Current Openings Click on the job title below to see the job description and responsibilities.
Current openings exist for all levels.
Current openings exist in software development, customer support, and administration.
Current Openings Take a look at our current openings.
Current operations are on a much smaller scale and even so are quite diverse.
Current operations are primarily in the North Sea and the Indian Subcontinent.
Current operations are throughout the Southeast, as well as in Arizona, Ohio, and Texas.
Current opinion is that it is unlikely the signal is strong enough based on current technology.
Current opinion is that monitor lizards are the ancestors of snakes.
Current opinions favor a terrestrial impact related paradigm.
Current opportunities are available in Mexico and India.
Current opportunities are available throughout the United States and Canada.
Current opportunities are broad.
Current opportunities exist for business professionals looking to expand their careers.
Current options are often either heavy or have poor visible light transmission.
All current orders appear there.
All current orders are in the process of being completed and shipped.
Current ordinances prohibit dogs on beaches during nesting season and prohibit use of ATVs.
Current owner has expansion plans and comprehensive landscape plans.
Current owner is in process of selling the site.
Current owner is in search of the correct parts to put it back together correctly.
Current owner is motivated to sell.
Current owner serves as general manager with limited front desk responsibilities.
Current owners are able to provide financing to a qualified buyer.
Current owners can upgrade at a minimal fee when it becomes available.
Current owners get dibs on their teams.
Current owners have no animals.
Current owners indicate business is good.
All current owners get a free upgrade.
Current ownership is maintained by tracking recorded deeds.
Current ozone conditions One-hour average.
Current Package Gives the default name of the package, which can be changed.
Current package is too focused on repair.
Current packets are available for examination and copies are made on request.
Current page is in red in the series as below.
Current page is indicated by a flashing green arrow . .
Current page is the default.
Current page uses frames.
Current pages contain links related only by their reference to a given animal.
All current paints are subject to the effects of sunlight, water, and air.
Some current Paintball obey afterwards that bicycle however any reading badly.
Current palette is shown along top.
Current panel is in the basement.
Current parents are better information providers to new parents.
Current parents are welcome anytime.
Current parents get to opt out.
Current parents talk to prospective parents.
Many current parents think so.
Current parking is limited for daytime businesses.
Current participants are from a variety of departments.
Current participants can change their future contributions or the way they are invested.
Current participants range in age from older youth to elders.
Current participants receive a mailing regarding the date, time, and theme for the meetings.
Current participants represent a range of industries and career paths.
Current partners earn a generous salary, plus a large percentage of annual earnings.
Current partners take hand, fall back and come forward a double.
Current Partners View our current list of partners .
Current passwords apply.
Current patch is here.
Current patients are usually the best source of new patients for any practice.
Current patients can email any changes.
Current patients can get adjustments.
Current pattern is unclear.
Current patterns drive many of our activities on land and sea.
Current payment is one contributors copy.
Current peers innfeed status.
Current performance degrades as the articles become less similar.
Current performance is excellent for most primary services.
Current performance is good to excellent for most service activities.
Current performance is often a good measure of future performance.
Current performance is on the data page.
Current periods remain the same under either approach.
Current periodicals are available, as well as extensive backfiles on microfilm or in bound volumes.
Current periodicals are on display behind the seating area.
Current periodicals are on the first floor in the reserve area.
Current periodicals are on the same level, and back numbers on the floor below.
Current periodicals are ones that have arrived recently within the last six months to two years.
Current periodicals circulate for one day, and past issues circulate for one week.
Current periodicals circulate for one week, back issues for one month.
Current periodicals circulate for two hours, today's newspaper for one hour.
Current periodicals provide the most recent information.
All current periodicals are in print format.
Many current periodicals are available online.
Current permits are valid.
Current personnel includes eight technical outside sales people.
Current phase is design.
Current phase is field deployment.
Current phase is in planning.
Current philosophy is full of such combinations.
Current philosophy says truth is absolute and value is relative.
Much current philosophy is on a par with the mayfly's.
Most current phones have basically the same features and abilities as each other.
Current photos are accessible to map changing land-use practices and geomorphic pattern change.
Current Photos are for immediate family only.
Current photographs are also available in the ship's newspaper .
Current photographs show a cone sitting in the runoff pool.
Many current phrases come from the steamboating era such as letting off steam and fiddlin' around.
Current physician is alumni of Wayne State.
Current physician performs considerable surgery.
Current physicians are in sports medicine and ankle foot.
Current physics teaches that the act of observing changes what is observed.
Current picking is slow in the south coast area.
Current placements are in Washington, D.C., Russia, Kazakhstan, and Ukraine.
Current plan calls for replacing it with an identical piece.
Current plan is for four tests to be given in class.
Current plan is to anchor there for the night.
Current plan is to keep it that way.
Current plan is to release the chapters a month apart.
Current plan supports sending partial results.
Current plans allow students to keep their portfolios for a period of ten years after graduation.
Current plans appear to fall short of user expectations, despite the marketing hype.
Current plans are for a pastry and coffee shop.
Current plans are for a three-gun volley at each fort.
Current plans are for it to be used as a paved parking lot for the nearby commercial area.
Current plans are for more coordinators to be appointed soon.
Current plans are for purchasing PC s soon.
Current plans are for setting up some grills out back for dinner.
Current plans are for sixteen interns to be enrolled in each cohort group.
Current plans are for the committee to meet two weeks before the regular club meeting.
Current plans are for the fund to operate for a period of ten years.
Current plans are for the pilot to have a female lead.
Current plans are to accept six to eight papers for presentation.
Current plans are to add an interactive data selection capability to the web interface.
Current plans are to add at least one article every week so please check back every now and then.
Current plans are to add new bands at the rate of one per month.
Current plans are to archive previous editions for a period of one year.
Current plans are to begin editing after the summer when the European finals have run their course.
Current plans are to begin flushing the site with warm water either later today or tomorrow morning.
Current plans are to break the model down into three portions.
Current plans are to build additional workstations as funding becomes available.
Current plans are to bulldoze the structure.
Current plans are to change fewer theories than in the past.
Current plans are to collect the annual journals in volumes that span five years.
Current plans are to conduct several excursions to study marine, sub-arctic and boreal ecosystems.
Current plans are to conduct the business seminar for arts and crafters in four Ohio regions.
Current plans are to develop a parallel program for residents and fellows.
Current plans are to develop a script for the movie and watch the performance of the TV series.
Current plans are to expand to Dalian and Shanghai and to export from China to Japan.
Current plans are to have an introduction to the current WebDAV spec.
Current plans are to have the published proceedings available as soon as possible.
Current plans are to hold event in Frankfurt area, Germany.
Current plans are to host at least one brown bag presentation per quarter.
Current plans are to house the group at a local church.
Current plans are to implement audible pedestrian signals at about eight intersections per year.
Current plans are to implement transit priority along one transit route per year.
Current plans are to include the editor on a extra CD in the box with the finished game.
Current plans are to install an Internet connection in the poster and demo area.
Current plans are to install the items over the summer.
Current plans are to keep writing and try to get an editing job.
Current plans are to offer the Bachelor of Science degree in the very near future.
Current plans are to organize our next symposium on the topic of electronic commerce.
Current plans are to phase out duplicate newsletter copies, so please sign up soon.
Current plans are to publish one such picture book every fall.
Current plans are to put fully adult males in a corral.
Current plans are to relocate nuisance animals into the heart of the restoration zone.
Current plans are to repeat the course at the following locations around the state during the year.
Current plans are to reschedule the seminar in conjunction with an open house in the fall.
Current plans are to revise the entire document.
Current plans are to schedule a new USA tour for the new year.
Current plans are to seek capital for a new company to develop the concept.
Current plans are to sponsor a national conference once every three years.
Current plans are to take off one day each week.
Current plans are to update the database of names and addresses as soon as possible.
Current plans are to update the registry annually.
Current plans are to upgrade two of the workstations within the next two years.
Current plans are to use conduit throughout the house.
Current plans are to use the mail.
Current plans are to use the unit for all future field test prototype development work.
Current plans are vague and unfairly punish service providers who unknowingly host pornography.
Current plans call for a blown small block, roll cage, and flames.
Current plans call for a boxed set with sourcebooks, a set of missions, maps and perhaps miniatures.
Current plans call for a two month furlough.
Current plans call for adding a weed science diagnostician to the program.
Current plans call for an attempt to be made sometime next year.
Current plans call for an expansion into a self-supporting industry.
Current plans call for an introduction page that automatically refreshes to the main homepage.
Current plans call for an update to FreePPP to be available once a fix is determined.
Current plans call for bringing both products in the series to the Internet.
Current plans call for continual upgrades to Michigan service.
Current plans call for data collection to begin in the spring.
Current plans call for demolition of the building.
Current plans call for exploration to increase Venezuela's proven reserves.
Current plans call for five volumes, each dealing with specific problems of the region.
Current plans call for five years retention of each journal.
Current plans call for focusing on Regionally significant corridors.
Current plans call for further expansion during the remainder of the year.
Current plans call for housing production insufficient to meet future needs.
Current plans call for increasing that percentage even more.
Current plans call for it to be built as a clover leaf.
Current plans call for it to support both cell science and protein crystal growth research.
Current plans call for machines destined for Ukraine to ship overseas in late spring.
Current plans call for moving The Rag Machine warehouse and opening additional retail outlets.
Current plans call for offering all-day kindergarten at the new school.
Current plans call for offering three to four institutes each year.
Current plans call for one facility.
Current plans call for only incremental changes.
Current plans call for only one entrance to the garden, through the front gate.
Current plans call for scheduling the shots in last-name alphabetical order.
Current plans call for setting up stores outside major metropolitan areas.
Current plans call for several changes.
Current plans call for several joint projects to be conducted by the consortium.
Current plans call for showing of the taped deposition to begin tomorrow.
Current plans call for the addition of a new church auditorium, library space, and a new bookstore.
Current plans call for the completion of the basic network within ten years.
Current plans call for the DPZ to be built, owned and operated by the private sector.
Current plans call for the eastbound lanes to be fixed first.
Current plans call for the form to be expanded to include additional assessment items.
Current plans call for the net.
Current plans call for the reintroduction of four to six bears per year for up to five years.
Current plans call for the structure to be built on the town square's south side, facing north.
Current plans call for the tournament to last nine days.
Current plans call for transfer of oxidant, rather than fuel.
Current plans call for upgrading the branch to a subsidiary in the spring.
Current plans call only for the road surface to be rehabilitated.
Current plans continue the migration to a switched network environment.
Current plans entail extensive river channelization, and dike and levy construction.
Current plans focus on outreach to the Hispanic community in the neighborhood.
Current plans fulfill that provision.
Current plans have a slightly enlarged rudder with a revised foil shape from the original.
Current plans provide for changes at checkpoints.
Current plans serve a unique economic niche that includes residential, retail, office and more.
Current plans vary widely in the importance they give to historic conservation.
Most current plans have no or limited dental coverage.
Current plates have a full color provincial crest between the serial and suffix code.
Current plates have a shell of some sort pictured to the left of a simple serial number.
Current plates have a small national crest debossed into the background.
Current plates have a viking ship graphic.
Current player determines the order.
Current player resigns.
Current players feel similarly about the new head coach.
Current poisons are limited in effectiveness and lasting power.
Current policies allow each campus to award campus-specific degrees or service awards.
Current policies appear to function to the general satisfaction of faculty and administrators.
Current policies are a disincentive for people to work.
Current policies are applicable to residence hall connectivity.
Current policies are in accord with current state guidelines.
Current policies are profoundly dysgenic.
Current policies including water subsidies encourage excessive use.
Current policies promote both housing and jobs, with a focus on transit-supported development.
Current policies provide discounts for districtwide textbook adoption.
Current policies relating to the sugar industry are anything but free-trade oriented.
Current policies tend to create impediments to multi-species HCPs.
Current policies tend to increase the instability of international prices.
Current policy allows a student to be admitted with up to two unmet requirements.
Current policy allows inmates and their visitors to congregate in a common visitation area.
Current policy allows making exceptions when needed.
Current policy allows recipients to maintain some benefits while working.
Current policy allows to begin at any hour.
Current policy calls for leaving farmland in large tracts.
Current policy calls for principal losses to be paid through two sources.
Current policy calls for reviewing each proposal individually for the possibility of reimbursement.
Current policy calls for the removal of the replaced machine at the time the installation is done.
Current policy discourages entry into the formal sector.
Current policy does in fact encompass the broad definition of scholarship.
Current policy has some complicated formulas describing the division of funds.
Current policy is appropriate.
Current policy is outdated.
Current policy is that any budget surplus goes to institute development reserves.
Current policy is that disregards are processed and paid out as received.
Current policy is to choose a light wool or cotton stocking.
Current policy is to erro r on the side of safety.
Current policy is to make assignment changes throughout the year.
Current policy is to round down non-valid exposure times to the next valid value.
Current policy leaves the supply of cannabis to the anarchy of the underground market.
Current policy limits the ability of companies and individuals to protect data and communications.
Current policy maintains the two-year retention requirement.
Current policy permits schools to tap only property taxes, bond referendums and state funding.
Current policy prohibits commercial items such as advertising materials.
Current policy prohibits compensation if the trip is done in one day.
Current policy prohibits performing almost any abortion at a U.S. military hospital.
Current policy promotes asset development, but primarily for the more affluent.
Current policy puts U.S. companies at a competitive disadvantage.
Current policy remains unchanged for employees accounted for on a monthly basis, such as librarians.
Current policy requires an authorized back-up driver for each vehicle.
Current policy requires no review of centers and institutes.
Current policy requires only a one-semester stay.
Current policy requires students who attend through the third week to pay for the course.
Current policy says that only scientists can obtain permits to dig on public land.
Current policy states all faculty, staff and students.
Current policy states that access is terminated when a student is no longer enrolled.
Current policy subsidizes bad business decisions.
Most current policy requires some change.
Some current policies have unforeseen, long-term, negative consequences.
Current polls show a curious dichotomy.
Current polls show the race is a virtual dead heat.
Most current poll follows.
Current popularity is over half a million hits per month.
Current population estimates for every municipality in the state.
Current population reloads every second.
Current population reports.
Current populations are fewer and more isolated than in historical times.
Current position is part time, possibly building to full time next year.
Current position is resetted to begin.
Current position is shown on the top half of the page.
Current position requires the ability to work any shift.
Current positions appear to be stable, with major changes being the exception rather than the rule.
Current positions are in our corporate headquarters in Las Vegas, Nevada .
Current positions are intermittent.
Most current positions require experience with various application packages.
Some current positions held are in the computer labs and administrative offices at both campuses.
Current possibilities are to use Jakarta-Struts as the frame work.
Most current posts appear at the top of the list.
All current power is supplied by diesel generator.
Current practice allows employers to share in tips of their workers.
Current practice allows use unless the chemical can be shown to cause harm.
Current practice calls for daily androgen therapy, during the week prior to surgery.
Current practice calls for evaluating each foundry sand on an individual basis.
Current practice encourages avoidance of past tense and inactive voice.
Current practice follows the residuum approach.
Current practice includes geriatrician, gerontological nurse specialist and social worker.
Current practice involves a lengthy interview and selection process.
Current practice is based primarily on the rainfall event producing flash flooding.
Current practice is evaluated and future developments are addressed.
Current practice is in disarray.
Current practice is placed in historical perspective.
Current practice is placed in perspective.
Current practice is such that at least the signer certificates are included.
Current practice is to collect and record one vital sign per hour or per half an hour maximum.
Current practice is to identify students who are at-risk and to develop interventions.
Current practice is to proceed to colonoscopy if adenomatous polyps are detected.
Current practice is to prop a beam while the repair is carried out.
Current practice is to provide video distribution to each general purpose classroom.
Current practice is to start with metronidazole, then use vancomycin if treatment fails.
Current practice is to treat patients who seek medical treatment.
Current practice is to use the middleware services to connect and convert heterogenous systems.
Current practice is to use ZEO in a carefully controlled environment, i.e. behind a firewall.
Current practice is variable.
Current practice leaves a good deal to be desired.
Current practice limits the term to Cantonese culture.
Current practice makes use of visual degree of cleanliness standard.
Current practice permits a case review at a parent's request.
Current practice puts Arizona insurers at a competitive disadvantage.
Current practice requires public bids and notice of the transaction to several state officials.
Current practice requires that people apply and sign a form.
Current practice requires use of post-harvest, handgun chlorpyrifos application.
Current practice revolves around converting small amounts of mass into energy in nuclear processes.
Current practice says everybody was right.
Current practice suggest that part-time telecommuting prevails.
Current practice uses a space, but perhaps a comma is better.
Current practice uses planned analysis based on protocol headers and aggregated statistics.
Current practice varies.
Current practices are for construction of storm water retention ponds on the project site.
Current practices remain much the same.
Current practices vary among vendors.
Current predictions are accurate in the front and middle sections of the bay.
Current press releases All the latest media material on our products and services.
Current pressure is to voluntarily monitor and control our water use.
Current price equals time units from a prior change in trend.
Current price is about two dollars per tablet.
Current price is aprox.
Current price is for one weeks supply.
Current price is for two weeks supply.
Current price is nearly twice that of briquettes.
Current price reflects the lack of amenities.
Current prices appear on the order form.
Current prices apply on all food.
Current prices are a great buying opportunity.
Current prices are an unnecessary barrier to access.
Current prices are available from the systems administrator.
Current prices are available from their web site .
Current prices are available here .
Current prices are available online.
Current prices are highly volatile.
Current prices are in effect for back volumes and back issues.
Current prices are near the low end of the range for the year.
Current prices are subject to change without notice.
Current prices are subject to change without prior notice.
Current prices are subject to change.
Current prices are substantially above year earlier levels.
Current prices are tentative, subject to change at any time, and negotiable.
Current prices can be different.
Current prices make it a profitable market, ready to attract refiners from outside North America.
Current prices seem to be quite attractive.
Current prices supercede all previous prices.
Current prices supersede all previous prices.
Current prices tend to fluctuate along with international demand.
All current prices supercede are subject to change without notice.
Current pricing includes United States domestic shipping rates only.
Current pricing is anticipated to be the lowest of the year.
Current pricing is available on-line or at the core.
Current pricing makes previous editions obsolete.
Current pricing reflects the additional value of current FAFileMover application and utilities.
Current pricing remains unchanged.
Current primate researches.
Most current printers have Parallel and USB connectivity ports.
Current priority is literacy and numeracysupport for students.
Current priority is support for a sustainable timber economy throughout the Pacific Northwest.
Current probes are simple to use and require no interpretation of images.
Current probes use jaws that clip around the wire carrying the current.
Current problems are complicated, overlapping, and have unexpected effects.
Current problems are the best opportunities for change.
Many current problems arise from the huge scale of reactor construction projects.
Many current problems stem from building design and airflow problems.
Current procedure provides only a fraction of the information available from today's monitors.
Current procedure requires evaluator to sign outer envelope.
Current procedures are erratic and inutile.
Current procedures are too costly and have higher probability of lost data.
Current procedures provide flexibility.
Current procedures require that prospective immigrants get chest X-rays to screen for active cases.
Current process exists to protect from abuses.
Current processes are entirely manual either at the counter or via postal mail.
Current processes rely on nonreusable enzymes that make the process more expensive.
Current processes use synthetic oil based cutting fluids for cooling.
Current processes used for monitoring the care associated with medication use are suboptimal.
Current processing allows employers the option of up-front recruitment or recruitment after filing.
Current processors run at about one-quarter that speed.
All current processors can use Enhanced mode.
Current products focus on the rapidly growing broadband fixed wireless access marketplace.
Current production includes a dry, semi-sweet, and sweet offering of award winning wines.
Current production is calculated based on a constant rate from an initial time.
Current production is extremely limited.
Current production is much lower.
Current production is sorghum, corn, and peanuts.
Current production ranges from simple assembly to full scale manufacturing.
Current program ranges from pre-school to competitive team.
Current programs are available for selected printers, terminals, and modules.
Current programs are extremely static in a very dynamic period.
Current programs are non-governmental and voluntary.
Current programs are too slow, too unreliable, too hard to use, and too limited.
Current programs focus on environment, regional economics and politics, population, and resources.
Current programs focus on home modifications, functional assessment and universal design.
Current programs focus on home modifications, functional assessment, and universal design.
Current programs focus on three general areas.
Current programs focus on whiteflies, pink bollworm, beet armyworm and twospotted spider mites.
Current programs help a million seniors.
Current programs use node-based contact algorithms to locate material interpenetration.
Many current programs are part of employee contracts.
Most current programs do an excellent job of finding viruses.
Current programming includes local government, community services and education.
Current programming is based on CD-ROM technology.
Current progress indicates another record-breaking year.
Current progress is a reduction of the error by about a factor of two per week.
Current progress is as per timeline in papers.
Current progress is reviewed along with plans for achieving future goals and objectives.
Current project examines impression formation in terms of a dual-process model of persuasion.
Current project examines the construction of time in the texts of modern and postmodern philosophy.
Current project examines the role of working memory in generating inferences during reading.
Current project includes a vBNS grant.
Current project is a monograph on academic communities in fictional texts of twelfth-century France.
Current project is to bring the wide area calling plan to Cushing.
Current project is to learn improvisational techniques for dance band.
Current project is to use magnetron sputtering to prepare quasicrystalline thin films.
Current project studies the interaction of light with surface adsorbed molecules.
Current projects address four main research problems.
Current projects address the use of knowledge and reflection in teachers' dilemmas of practice.
Current projects are collaborative with groups doing synthetic and spectroscopic work.
Current projects are development of new methods for machining of aviation materials.
Current projects are focused on developing a model of osteoarthritis in horses.
Current projects are infant and children's quilts for the needy.
Current projects are limited to liver and kidney transplants.
Current projects are partly computational, partly experimental.
Current projects are underway to reintroduced populations in areas where they have been extirpated.
Current projects being funded include both basic research and clinical studies.
Current projects concentrate on studies of the adhesion of coatings to the substrate.
Current projects concentrate on three major areas.
Current projects deal with ocean outfalls and breakwater stability.
Current Projects Demolish the Earth.
Current projects emphasize improving primary care practice.
Current Projects Enter email to join our mailing list.
Current projects examine individual differences in the auditory abilities of adults and children.
Current projects examine the interactions between the respiratory and laryngeal systems.
Current projects exemplify the collaboration between scientists in the laboratory and conservators.
Current projects feature excellent photojournalism.
Current projects focus especially on tourism and rural supply chains.
Current projects focus largely on pre-rollover prevention.
Current projects focus on children's health, death and tying, and intergenerational learning.
Current projects focus on competition and market reforms.
Current projects focus on control of heart rate, control of breathing, and control of locomotion.
Current projects focus on extrastriate, parietal, and frontal cortex.
Current projects focus on integrating the two streams of research briefly outlined earlier.
Current projects focus on marital adjustment and marriage enrichment processes and outcomes.
Current projects focus on porphyrins, cyanine dyes, cyclodextrins, rotaxanes and poly-rotaxanes.
Current projects focus on the genetic variability of clonal species in forest and wetland habitats.
Current projects focus on the study of vision, memory, language, emotion, and decision making.
Current projects focus on trophic factors and intracellular signal transduction pathways.
Current projects focus on using electrical detection schemes for analyzing DNA, proteins, and cells.
Current projects focus on web designer tools, especially for color.
Current projects focus primarily on enteric, respiratory and vector-borne diseases.
Current Projects Go here to see descriptions of our new and current projects.
Current projects have an environmental angle looking at how firms introduce new technology.
Current projects have applications destined for South America, the Far East and South Africa.
Current projects involve aspects of computing, product design and energy studies.
Current projects involve daemonic enthrallment in literature from classical to modern times.
Current projects involve efforts to develop blight and rust resistance traits in corn.
Current projects involve flow analysis, enzyme reactors and chemiluminescence detection.
Current projects involve literary engagements with music, philosophy, and popular culture.
Current projects involve microfabrication, modeling and testing of a variety of devices and systems.
Current projects involve modelling natural language dialog in human-computer interactions.
Current projects involve mussel adhesive proteins and spider silk proteins.
Current projects involve rendering of curves, surfaces, and volumes.
Current projects involve research in Samoa, Kenya, Bolivia, Siberia, and the Philippines.
Current projects involve spatial hearing and cochlear prosthesis.
Current projects involve the development of interactive learning systems.
Current projects involve the testing of undergraduates in preparation for ministry.
Current projects look to add to site considerably.
Current projects look to reduce water and energy consumption as well as food waste.
Current projects provides a list of research projects in the center.
Current projects range from tools to operating systems.
Current projects See our current listing of projects and needs .
Current Projects See their web site for information.
Current projects span a wide variety of classroom and professional settings across the country.
Current projects span the United States and many developing areas of the world.
Current projects supervised include a dissertation on Greek and Roman historiography.
Current Projects View a detailed description of ongoing projects.
All current projects are more or less on target.
Some current projects are as follows.
Current projections call for construction on the pilot plant to start in the spring.
Current projections obliterate any surplus.
Current projections show that fish as young as six years are declining in number.
Current projections show the fund is likely to diminish rapidly over the next two to four years.
Current projectors are very limited in their usefullness because they are too dark.
Current Promotions Find out what our latest deals or new products are.
Current Promotions Learn about our latest savings and promotions.
Current proposal is market driven.
Current proposals call for a computer link to the college library and on-line information services.
Current proposals look at the standard deduction and tax brackets.
Current proposals promise further threats and horrific struggles.
Most current proposals deal only with a small part of the issue.
Current protocol uses statistical models to predict where the pollution is traveling.
Current protocols have limited and demonstrably weak security mechanisms.
Current prototype featured is non-functional.
Current provision is in disarray.
Current provision is mainly by way of supported accommodation and day centres.
Current provisions are inadequate.
Current provisions encourage overstated and specious claims as to work experience.
Current provisions provide for imprisonment for five years for knowing and willful violations.
Current publications are available for review and agency activities are updated in a timely manner.
All current publications are available over the counter.
Most current publications are available for reading or downloading via the Web.
Current Publishers See whose content is being published now.
Current pulses energize the magnet which then attracts the armature.
Current pulses propagate dispersively.
Current purchases focus on new or innovating methods and instrumentation, currently used practices.
Current puzzle is a bi-weekly contest.
Current quark masses for all six flavors in comparison, as balls of proportional volumes.
Current questions address more complex issues.
Current rabies vacc.
Current radio does little better.
Current radio hits.
Current radios have a range of less than one-half mile.
Current railcars are diesel operated and require an engine room housed within the car.
Current rainfall forecasts for the Hawaiian Islands.
Current ranking is as follows.
Current rates apply to renewals.
Current rates apply.
Current rates are available from the school office.
Current rates are available from the staff.
Current rates are available on the Internet.
Current rates are available on the rate link.
Current rates are available online .
Current rates are available through the fiscal affairs office.
Current rates are below.
Current rates are subject to change without notice.
Current Rates Find out what our current rates are.
Current Rates Getting a new mortgage is like trading in a used car.
Current Rates Obtain the current interest rates for all types of financing.
All current rates are available in Pricing Schedule.
Current rating remains the same for all countries.
Current ratings apply for entire voltage range.
Many current ratings are available in conventional, plug-in or bus bar mounting.
Current ratio is calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities.
Current ratio is defined as the ratio of current assets to current liabilities.
Most current reactors are thermal reactors.
Current readers click here.
Current readers love the daily read format and find the magazine inspiring and informational.
Current recommendation is for administration as a single dose just before the instrumentation.
Current recommendations allow low to moderate intake of caffeine during pregnancy and lactation.
Current recommendations are against breastfeeding in women taking the interferons.
Current recommendations are available at county extension offices.
Current recommendations are for two to four hives per acre depending on the field size and location.
Current recommendations are to avoid overeating and gaining weight first.
Current recommendations are to follow a diet pattern based on variety and energy content.
Current recommendations are to select forage-type, late maturing annual ryegrass varieties.
Current recommendations are to test testosterone levels and treat as necessary.
Current recommendations are to vaccinate only open animals.
Current recommendations call for only removing damaged or crossing branches.
Current recommendations call for use of the acellular pertussis or more purified pertussis vaccine.
Current recommendations focus on a lifestyle approach to increasing physical activity.
Current recommendations suggest a small caloric increase during pregnancy.
Current recommendations suggest supplementation with the pancreatic enzyme lipase at meals.
Current recommendations suggest yearly skin exam by a dermatologist.
Current records are immediately available.
Current records have effective and termination dates that bracket the date the table was produced.
Current records list the blacknose shiner as endangered.
Current records maintained are chiefly accounting records, sales records, and payroll records.
Current records provide brief information.
Current references are available upon request.
Current reforms create new opportunities and new obstacles for people's participation.
Current reforms go far beyond previous efforts.
Current regeneration is fed back into the load under test rather than being dissipated as heat.
Most current registers are computer printouts.
Current regulation allows for a rate adjustment because of the addition of beds.
Current regulation allows for a rate increase because of the addition of beds.
Current regulation ensures against exploitative rates by setting cost-based rates.
Current Regulation is Adequate.
Current regulation is inadequate to protect public health and safety .
Current regulations advocate the testing of each production batch of a powder-blend drug.
Current regulations allow for a portion of DWAs to be developed under special circumstances.
Current regulations allow for a rate increase because of the addition of beds.
Current regulations allow for many forms of scientific cooperation .
Current regulations allow for such limited practice until the scope of practice law is developed.
Current regulations allow for the use of sick leave only when contagious illnesses are involved.
Current regulations allow individuals to receive title to no more than four animals a year.
Current regulations allow labs to perform a variety of tests to determine the validity of a sample.
Current regulations allow the value of sold production to be as low as zero.
Current regulations are applicable to every student enrolled, regardless of the date of admission.
Current regulations are in the process of being revised to reflect the recently-enacted law.
Current regulations are inadequate.
Current regulations are insufficient to deal with crop contamination and weed resistance.
Current regulations are only moderately costly but are otherwise innocuous.
Current regulations are simply inadequate to protect public health and the environment.
Current regulations are stiffer than they used to be.
Current regulations constrain harvests to save habitat.
Current regulations encourage inefficient water use.
Current regulations exclude some veterans.
Current regulations governing the administration of incomplete grades appear in the catalog.
Current regulations guard only against filling wetland areas.
Current regulations have no limit on live bait catch and a quota for other non-reduction uses.
Current regulations limit membership on retiree councils to retired officers, enlisted and widows.
Current regulations permit anyone within the U.S. to use any strength encryption.
Current regulations permit disinterment only with the consent of immediate family members.
Current regulations place all responsibility on the ENs.
Current regulations prohibit anyone who has ever taken a psychiatric drug from enlisting.
Current regulations prohibit utility companies from terminating customer service in the winter.
Current regulations protect intellectual property in order to provide research incentives.
Current regulations provide flexibility if there is appropriate justification.
Current regulations provide, in part, for different tests for the various business segments.
Current regulations regarding prison food are more a product of prison law than food law.
Current regulations require a physician to perform the procedure.
Current regulations require a proof of fixed address.
Current regulations require extensive disclosure and discussion by management.
Current regulations require only minimal safety testing for some foods, and none at all for others.
Current regulations require only one chemical to be tested at a time.
Current regulations require purchase of live animal.
Current regulations require strict handling and disposal practices.
Current regulations require that transplant policies ensure the best interest of patients.
Current regulations result in an undesirable, suburban strip development appearance.
Current regulations result in an undesirable, suburban, strip development appearance.
Current regulations state that the final decision is in the hands of the interior ministry.
Current regulations stifle creative thinking by eliminating possible alternatives.
Current regulations treat reoccurring temporary uses as permanent uses.
Some current regulations relate to health.
All current reissues are at the correct pitch.
Current release is a prerelease.
Current release is available here .
Current release is shareware.
Current release supports independent access to fixed dimension datasets only.
Current releases are available here .
Current releases are browsable and back issues searchable.
Current releases are probably also fully compatible.
Current releases have no known problems.
Current renovations reflect the changing nature of the field.
Current rents are below market value.
Current rents are low and under market value.
Current reps click here to log in.
Current reports are available as well as an archive of report from the last few years.
Current reports are available for all full service HMOs.
Current reports are here .
Current reports are that there is strong support of a sixth district dog park within the committee.
Current reports indicate that administration is now deciding between paper or plastic.
Current reports indicate that only Indian repertoire remains subject to piracy.
Current reports indicate that the marauding death squads are stepping up their attacks.
Current reports indicate they are doing well.
Current reports provide fresh details regarding the system's range and payload.
Current reports seem similarly sanguine.
Current reports show accrued income upon issue of invoice.
Current representatives reflect a cross-section of scientific expertise and experience.
Current request is for tower in residential area.
Current requirements allow either state licensing or bonding.
Current requirements make any specific promises of diligence on the customer's behalf unnecessary.
Current research interest includes investigations.
Current research addresses the effect of pollutants on microbial ecosystem structure and function.
Current research addresses the impact of technology-supported environments on learning for adults.
Current research adds little to past research and professional opinion in selecting between the two.
Current research aims at developing mathematically rigorous procedures for physical gauges.
Current research aims to increase management efficiency to ensure long-term kokako survival.
Current research analyzes Feistal type algorithms as the basis for such systems.
Current research applies optimization theory to problems in digital filter design.
Current research assesses the impact of an online course management system on student learning.
Current research builds on the findings of other related research.
Current research compares two other interventions with the CDi.
Current research concentrates on gray snapper, mutton snapper, yellowtail snapper, and lane snapper.
Current research concerns formal verification of behavioural properties.
Current research concerns occupational cancer epidemiology and cancer prevention.
Current research concerns the computational study of bond breaking and forming in aqueous solution.
Current research confirms verifiable cases of childhood past life memories.
Current research considers the error detection and recovery in distributed systems.
Current research continues on the search for relevant patterns.
Current research continues to actively investigate all aspects of tacrolimus.
Current research continues to reveal the benefits of active learning and group-based inquiry.
Current research covers issues relating to teachers' careers and gender.
Current research covers the use of parallel mechanisms to improve passive climbing abilities.
Current research does conclude that multi-age grouping provides affective advantages.
Current research emphasizes Arctic to subtropical waters in the northern hemisphere.
Current research emphasizes artificial muscle-like materials and active membranes.
Current research emphasizes DNA vaccines given via mucosal routes.
Current research emphasizes landscape interpretation and historic identity.
Current research emphasizes the research of methodological aspects of interlanguage pragmatics.
Current research emphasizes the value of social interactions for improving learning.
Current research encompasses .
Current research encompasses the fields of medical imaging, biomechanics and biomaterials.
Current research encompasses the sub disciplines of air, soil, surface water, and groundwater.
Current research examines the contemporary midwifery and home birth movements.
Current research examines visual psychophysics and basic visual processes.
Current research explores the sometimes tenuous line between the beautiful and the repulsive.
Current research falls in the broad area of heat and mass transfer.
Current research falls into several categories.
Current research favours the latter.
Current research finds that women, too, can benefit from Viagra's power.
Current research focuses in three areas.
Current research focuses on a parallel environment for developing large scientific simulation codes.
Current research focuses on children's racial beliefs, learning environments, and social cognition.
Current research focuses on Chinese popular religion.
Current research focuses on computational market mechanisms for distributed decision making.
Current research focuses on constructs of spirituality in twentieth-century American women s texts.
Current research focuses on contemporary nutritional patterns and food security.
Current research focuses on detailed analyses of the origins for non-synergetic bonding.
Current research focuses on determining the fundamental processes that limit the rate of adsorption.
Current research focuses on developing and assessing computer based curricula for thermal physics.
Current research focuses on developing countries in South America and East Asia.
Current research focuses on eating disorders, specifically among elite women athletes.
Current research focuses on energy, medicine, and the environment.
Current research focuses on energy, medicine, the environment, and on information technologies.
Current research focuses on energy, the environment, and medicine.
Current research focuses on energy, the environment, biotechnology and information technology.
Current research focuses on energy, the environment, information technology and biotechnology.
Current research focuses on factors which influence drug use.
Current research focuses on fear of rape among women.
Current research focuses on four projects.
Current research focuses on fundamental aspects of the mechanism of protein folding.
Current research focuses on gender and ethics, community building and the politics of education.
Current research focuses on gender and power among high level executives in Venezuela.
Current research focuses on halogenated solvents and by-products of drinking water disinfection.
Current research focuses on health and physiological effects of communication.
Current research focuses on hearing, speech rehabilitation, and speech production.
Current research focuses on implementation, evaluation, and accountability issues .
Current research focuses on improving performance in adverse listening environments.
Current research focuses on improving yield, flavor, and disease resistance.
Current research focuses on inborn errors of metabolism.
Current research focuses on increasing patient compliance and improving outcomes.
Current research focuses on information technology, the environment, biotechnology and energy.
Current research focuses on interactions among rational agents.
Current research focuses on interactive learning with information communication technology.
Current research focuses on learning and development of bimanual coordination.
Current research focuses on learning in various statistical models.
Current research focuses on magnetospheric substorms.
Current research focuses on marketing and pricing issues in the beef cattle industry.
Current research focuses on meat color and color doneness.
Current research focuses on mesoscopic physics, nanomechanics, and strongly-correlated electrons.
Current research focuses on message effects, persuasion, and metaphor.
Current research focuses on metal clusters and on the cage-like carbon fullerenes.
Current research focuses on montane basins in Ecuador and lowland basins in eastern Bolivia.
Current research focuses on multiresolution joint haptic-sonification techniques.
Current research focuses on neural network in the rat stomach.
Current research focuses on Northeast Thailand, and is being built up in other countries.
Current research focuses on platinum, which is active at low temperatures, but is extremely costly.
Current research focuses on pollution prevention and control technologies.
Current research focuses on population biology of aquatic insects and terrestrial plants.
Current research focuses on recreation ecology and visitor impact management.
Current research focuses on refining system approaches.
Current research focuses on regeneration of forests after fire.
Current research focuses on sexual behaviour under the influence of alcohol.
Current research focuses on simulator sickness, adaptation, and presence.
Current research focuses on solar compost sterilization.
Current research focuses on technologies for reducing maintenance and lowering weight.
Current research focuses on testing for links between urban structure and travel behaviour.
Current research focuses on the community-level roles and effects of crayfish in warmwater streams.
Current research focuses on the component dynamics in miscible blends.
Current research focuses on the decoding structure of multiple turbo codes.
Current research focuses on the development of safer and more effective inactivated vaccines.
Current research focuses on the development of women's activism in post-soviet Russia.
Current research focuses on the following systems and properties.
Current research focuses on the foraging and reproductive energetics of pinnipeds and seabirds.
Current research focuses on the functional assessment of natural and created wetlands.
Current research focuses on the generation of simple utterances.
Current research focuses on the impact of design theory on multimedia.
Current research focuses on the impact of feminism on sociology.
Current research focuses on the life history and feeding habits of estuarine fishes.
Current research focuses on the mechanisms directly affected by polyamiens.
Current research focuses on the publishing industry and book culture in late imperial China.
Current research focuses on the roles of biogenic amines in learning and memory.
Current research focuses on the serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine systems.
Current research focuses on the UK national lottery, financial markets, and health care markets.
Current research focuses on the use of embryonic stem cells instead of cells derived from fetuses.
Current research focuses on the use of high-performance simulations to explore survivability.
Current research focuses on the use of measurements in networks.
Current research focuses on three fossorial rodent species.
Current research focuses on varietal improvement, agronomic practices, and seed production.
Current research focuses on ways to assure a consistent supply of viable seed.
Current research focuses on welfare reform and federalism.
Current research focuses onthe impact of design theory on multimedia.
Current research focuses primarily on children, families and the law.
Current research focuses primarily on sigma receptors.
Current research focuses the characterization of the tip-sample contact.
Current research focusses on solid phase-aqueous phase partitioning of trace elements.
Current research focusses on sub word unit recognition in noise.
Current research focusses on the relationship between industry development and regional policy.
Current research gives more credence to the first hypothesis.
Current research implicates abnormalities in both the brain's structure and biochemical activities.
Current research includes a study of mercury cycling in the Atlantic.
Current research includes adhesion properties of endothelial, bacterial cells, and cancer cells.
Current research includes analysis of strategic environmental planning by national governments.
Current research includes application to air traffic control.
Current research includes applications to landscape ecology, urban assessment, and urban planning.
Current research includes archaeology, hunters and gatherers, evolutionary ecology, and lithics.
Current research includes areas in California.
Current research includes binary response modeling and financial data analysis.
Current research includes biomechanic and clinical studies.
Current research includes care giving by elderly African American women.
Current research includes CCD spectral line profile analysis of white dwarf stars.
Current research includes development of new improved control strategies and design of estimators.
Current research includes dietary studies among minorities.
Current research includes evaluation of a school reform program in Chicago and Detroit.
Current research includes information management of paleontological data.
Current research includes interdisciplinary investigations into water, disease and urban space.
Current research includes investigating the structures and properties of cotton fiber.
Current research includes long-term ecological monitoring and autecological studies.
Current research includes modeling of the earth's magnetosphere and investigations into substorms.
Current research includes organizational change and management issues in cross cultural boundaries.
Current research includes origin and early evolution of mammals.
Current research includes paleosols as paleoclimatic and paleoenvironmental indicators.
Current research includes physical computing for artists.
Current research includes plant-animal interactions, the origin of land plants, and symbioses.
Current research includes projects focusing on hillslope, fluvial, and tectonic geomorphology.
Current research includes relationships of higher teleost fishes, fossil and recent.
Current research includes screening bacteria for ligninase and peroxidase enzymes.
Current research includes several aspects described below.
Current research includes software engineering and The Distributive Collaborative Writing Aid.
Current research includes studies in choral repertoire.
Current research includes studies of new medications, genetic factors and seizure behavior.
Current research includes study of development of basic visual processes during early infancy.
Current research includes study of impacts of immigration on secondary labor markets.
Current research includes systematics and paleoecology of fossil chaetetid sponges.
Current research includes the control of servo-driven flexible structures.
Current research includes the development of a reduced fat peanut butter.
Current research includes the economics of precision agriculture and fertilizer response equations.
Current research includes the ethics of international sweatshops.
Current research includes the following topics.
Current research includes the role of antioxidants in promoting motor neuron survival.
Current research includes the stencil printing process and solder paste handling issues.
Current research includes the use of adaptive meshing, and variable timestepping.
Current research includes the use of recycle separated sand in the freestall.
Current research includes two studies of nicotine dependence.
Current research includes wireless and radio communications with models and simulations.
Current research includes work on arrays of ions in what are called ion traps.
Current research includes work on information and incentives in organisation.
Current research includes work on the convergence problem of numerical integration.
Current research includes work with dairy and beef cattle, sheep and hogs.
Current research indicate that as yet there is a method developed which is superior.
Current research indicate that as yet there is a no method developed which is superior.
Current research indicates that a stimulating environment encourages development.
Current research indicates that a stimulating environment from an early age stimulates development.
Current research indicates that early onset bipolar disorder can be identified in toddlers.
Current research indicates that it is insulin resistance that is at the source of pcos.
Current research indicates that music has a tremendous value as an academic discipline.
Current research indicates that regular exercise reduces the symptoms of depression.
Current research indicates that several structural variables have an impact on child care quality.
Current research indicates that stars systems are in various stages of evolution.
Current research indicates that stereotypes are misleading.
Current research indicates that such an upwelling is now occurring in the area.
Current research indicates that the best time to deworm cows is mid-summer.
Current research indicates that the bright sources are very young and massive stars.
Current research indicates that there is a bacteria link to the autoimmune diseases.
Current research indicates that women are the real gatekeepers when it comes to healthcare.
Current research interests Algebraic monoids with nonreductive unit group.
Current research interests Major category, specific category, brief description of research.
Current research interests Natural antioxidants as food additives.
Current research interests Public policy.
Current research investigates more complex univariate and multivariate situations. .
Current research investigates the effects of habitat disturbance on lemur reproduction.
Current research investigates the impact of web-based information in the house search process.
Current research involves a theoretical description of X-ray beam spectra.
Current research involves a variety of neuroscientific and behavioral techniques.
Current research involves a wide range of organisms, from protozoans through mammals.
Current research involves analysis of rheological behavior of asphalt binders during construction.
Current research involves applications of differential geometry in statistics.
Current research involves bounds for predicting the performance of turbo coded modulation systems.
Current research involves bulk coating processes, binder removal, and drying.
Current research involves child abuse and violence in the black community.
Current research involves developing quantitative models to analyze policy in developing countries.
Current research involves different aspects of Swedish environmental policy and safety in the city.
Current research involves examining aspects of recovery from trauma.
Current research involves field crops, horticultural crops, soil, water, livestock, and aquaculture.
Current research involves further reductions of biochemical oxygen demand.
Current research involves global atmospheric modelling .
Current research involves incorporating dose-response relationships with bioenergetics models.
Current research involves issues relating to the pedagogy of music technology.
Current research involves one of the largest highway projects in the country.
Current research involves program evaluation and research design.
Current research involves site visits to schools, student and teacher surveys, analysis.
Current research involves students in a study of adhesion and metastasis of mouse melanoma.
Current research involves studies of zebra mussels and round gobies in southern Lake Michigan.
Current research involves studies on the preparation of thin films and fibers of boron nitride.
Current research involves studies on their survival and efficacy in soil.
Current research involves testing the cognitive abilities of sea lions and seals.
Current research involves the automatic analysis of certain classes of fluid dynamics problem.
Current research involves the automatic classification of Web documents.
Current research involves the effect of hypercapnia on physiological fluctuations.
Current research involves the interaction between political institutions and economic development.
Current research involves the prediction of gas solubility in various polymer systems.
Current research involves the regenerative capacity of muscles in extremely old rats.
Current research involves the study of metabolic cost of leg swing.
Current research involves the use of computer-assisted imaging in urodynamics.
Current research involves understanding how vessels react to changes in flow and shear stress.
Current research involves understanding the injury created by shock wave lithotripsy treatment.
Current research involves use of the above methods in addition to the other modalities.
Current research involves wheat, oats, and canola.
Current research is aimed at determining methodology for bulk processing of the membrane.
Current research is aimed at refining the attachment procedure prior to further biological testing.
Current research is aimed at the implementation of a pitch shifter.
Current research is aimed at understanding the origins of the sequence stratigraphic record.
Current research is aimed at understanding the physics of the plasma contactor.
Current research is ash decline.
Current research is carried out in PIK-projects.
Current research is centered around alpine snow skiing, which produces complex loading at the knee.
Current research is centered in two areas.
Current research is centered on Amazonian reforestation.
Current research is centred in two areas.
Current research is centred on the Bow River Watershed.
Current research is centred on the properties of airborne and space-borne radar.
Current research is centred on theatre and film during the First World War period.
Current research is concentrated in several areas.
Current research is concentrated in three main areas.
Current research is concentrated on developing techniques to categorize climates and soils.
Current research is concerned with an animal model of alcohol abuse and alcoholism.
Current research is concerned with further questions related to the issues outlined above.
Current research is concerned with life predictions for novel coatings.
Current research is concerned with the anti-tumoural activities of dicarboxylic acids.
Current research is concerned with the dynamics and kinetics of processes in macromolecular systems.
Current research is concerned with the residence time distribution of particles.
Current research is dedicated to optoelectronic integrated devices for communications.
Current research is designed to elucidate that pathway.
Current research is designed to prevent anemia and improve overall growth and development.
Current research is directed at higher dimensional systems.
Current research is directed at manipulating the activity of the haemoglobin genes.
Current research is directed at understanding the relationship between class and distance learning.
Current research is directed to the enzyme porphobilinogen synthase.
Current research is directed toward finding other effective antiviral treatments.
Current research is directed towards two and three dimensions.
Current research is discussed in class.
Current research is discussed with practitioners across the continent.
Current research is diverse and is grouped into the major classifications listed below.
Current research is driven by trends, and the latest trend is biotechnology.
Current research is emphasized.
Current research is examined.
Current research is focused in several areas.
Current research is focused in three general areas.
Current research is focused on accounting issues in health care.
Current research is focused on all fiber-optic broadband communication networks.
Current research is focused on biomechanics, ultrasound, image analysis, and histomorphometry.
Current research is focused on closer examination of various mechanisms of psychosis.
Current research is focused on controlling flexible space structures.
Current research is focused on error correcting codes.
Current research is focused on finding the cause of the problem and ways to regrow damaged nerves.
Current research is focused on how mucins function.
Current research is focused on learning more about how natural wetlands influence water quality.
Current research is focused on metallic districts and gold placers.
Current research is focused on modeling radiation effects in materials.
Current research is focused on retrieving burned area directly from low resolution satellite data.
Current research is focused on role functions of pediatric nurse practitioners.
Current research is focused on spatial and behavioral factors leading to ecosystem stability.
Current research is focused on studying filled semicrystalline polymers.
Current research is focused on tetracycline-stained teeth.
Current research is focused on the analysis of the structural lineament maps.
Current research is focused on the crystallization of yttrium silicate glasses in silicon nitride.
Current research is focused on the evolution of the lunar regolith.
Current research is focused on the following questions.
Current research is focused on the functions and origins of the different chromosomes.
Current research is focused on the interaction between cardiovascular and pain regulatory systems.
Current research is focused on the regulatory role of phosphorylation.
Current research is focused on the transport of coal logs.
Current research is focused on understanding what the myosin VIIa protein transports.
Current research is focused predominately on aluminum and titanium alloys.
Current research is focussed on synthesis and characterization of novel aerogel-based materials.
Current research is in adult literacy and psychological aspects of reading text on the computer.
Current research is in field of system architectures for large search systems.
Current research is in progress on improving the efficiency of compact reflector antennas.
Current research is in sagebrush steppe and western juniper woodland vegetation.
Current research is in several areas.
Current research is in Texas politics and Texas political history.
Current research is in the area of ethnicity and aging.
Current research is in the area of self-care decision making and the family caregiver experience.
Current research is in three main areas.
Current research is interested in more than that though.
Current research is into effective implementation of teacher appraisal.
Current research is into the use of laser induced fluorescence in high energy particle detectors.
Current research is involved in the purification and characterization of the enzymes.
Current research is involved with the neuronal migration defects project.
Current research is noted where applicable.
Current research is of the uses of narrative in contemporary playwriting.
Current research is on a novel thermal mixer element, a nanometer-size microbolometer.
Current research is on electronic text and critical thinking .
Current research is on equilibrium defect properties and site preferences of dilute solutes.
Current research is on fast sequential algorithms which handle large bitmaps and open contours.
Current research is on genes involved in production of eleostearic acid in tung nuts.
Current research is on marriage and family relations in cancer patients.
Current research is on Nicaragua and Central America.
Current research is on relations among macro-economic parameters and distribution indexes.
Current research is on solving ever larger numbers of scenarios.
Current research is on supply chain management, service guarantees, and clearance pricing.
Current research is on the costs of corporate bankruptcy.
Current research is on the determinants of political corruption in postwar Italy.
Current research is on the oil and gas industry.
Current research is on the productive efficiency of financial institutions.
Current research is organised within four broad programmes.
Current research is polarized around the application of computer technology to design.
Current research is presented against a background of basic nutritional concepts.
Current research is presented with balanced discussions of controversial issues on nutrition.
Current research is related to health and healing through massage.
Current research is related to nonpharmacologic treatment of headache disorders.
Current research is related to texture segmentation, display formatting and eye movements.
Current research is so impressive that political pressure builds to loosen restrictions.
Current research is sponsored by a variety of private and public institutions.
Current research is targeted toward commercial and manufacturing applications.
Current research is underway to explore the link between lifestyle and ovarian cancer.
Current research is underway to find the genetic marker for cerebellar abiotrophy in the breed.
Current research is very training effectiveness limited.
Current research is with the role of the South in American politics.
Current research links the possibility of deformations in frogs and lizards to poor water quality.
Current research looks at coordinative processing within working memory.
Current research maintains that the family makes critical contributions to student achievement.
Current research projects Human evolution in Israel.
Current research projects Wireless ecommerce.
Current research promises further reductions.
Current research regarding the effectiveness of relaxation response training is reviewed.
Current research related to major adaptational deficits of children and adults is applied.
Current research related to scientific principles is discussed.
Current research related to the performance appraisal is emphasized and discussed.
Current research relates to gardens created by famous painters throughout Europe.
Current research reports in multiple sclerosis .
Current research reports on hereditary eye disease for specific breeds or a summary of all breeds.
Current research reports.
Current research represents various leading areas of materials science and engineering.
Current research reveals the very different ways educators treat groups of students.
Current research revolves around the worldwide patterning of human variation.
Current research says 'yes', it is perfectly safe.
Current research seeks to drive neural stem cells toward specific types of neurons to treat disease.
Current research seeks to identify additional resistant cultivars to reduce the use of fungicides.
Current research sees no improvements in smaller classes.
Current research shows a direct link between physical conditioning and immune function.
Current research shows all three are elegantly linked in one fluid central intelligence system.
Current research shows early reversals to be a normal developmental stage for many children.
Current research shows that best whey is hydrolyzed whey.
Current research shows that communication about sexuality is time and energy well spent.
Current research shows that histological changes occur immediately on injury to a joint.
Current research shows that low water intakes yield an increase in fat deposits.
Current research shows that only small amounts of nutrients are lost.
Current research shows that the polish can remove the fluoride-rich layer from the tooth enamel.
Current research shows that the sun and moon impact our health.
Current research shows that there are massive differences between schools of a similar type.
Current research shows that vasectomy increased the risk for stones.
Current research shows the two species are identical in control efforts.
Current research spans a range of air quality-related issues.
Current research suggest that behavior support is more than an individual by individual issues.
Current research suggests other reasons for streaming firms to smile.
Current research suggests people with an inherited or acquired susceptibility are most at risk.
Current research suggests some benefits for social phobias.
Current research suggests that aspirin taken in small doses can help prevent heart attacks.
Current research suggests that it does something wonderful to a child's brain.
Current research suggests that progress is being made on all fronts.
Current research suggests that REM sleep repairs mental functions while non-REM repairs the body.
Current research suggests that some petroglyphs are solar calendars.
Current research suggests that something triggers the immune system to suppress the hair follicle.
Current research suggests that the primary method of infection in animals is through ingestion.
Current research suggests that the role for freestanding indoor air cleaners is limited.
Current research supports a biogenetic predisposition for male offspring of male alcoholics.
Current research supports a complete fitness program.
Current research supports both animal and plant characteristics as predisposing to legume bloat.
Current research supports music's ability to strengthen the mind as well as our souls.
Current research supports that decreasing hormonal levels, play an important role.
Current research supports the safety of midwifery care.
Current research supports the theory that children learn in different ways.
Current research tends to indicate that the figure is rather lower than was originally supposed.
Current research uses geometric morphometric techniques.
Current researches are actually under investigations in the project.
All current research indicates that dyslexia is a disorder of language.
All current research suggests that enzymes are extremely specific in what a given enzyme catalyzes.
Most current research acknowledges that underlying causes of overeating are complex and profound.
Most current research appears to relate to farm production.
Most current research focuses on offerings.
Much current research addresses the scalability problems posed by the Web.
Much current research refutes second stage limitations.
Current residence is Cincinnati, Ohio.
Current residents access our site for local events, classifieds, the forums and other features.
Current residents are available to discuss any questions about the program.
Current residents are uncertain of the origin of the village's name.
Current residents are unhappy about the increase.
Current residents can reserve one as part of the spring room selection process.
Current residents have priority in signing up for individual spaces for the upcoming year.
Current residents have priority, however, in admission.
Current residents participate in the lottery.
Current residents receive priority for housing in subsequent years.
Current residents reserve their room spaces prior to new residents.
Many current residents have dual disabilities.
Most current residents are actually transplants.
Most current residents have septic systems.
Current resources are adequate.
Current resources are inadequate.
Current resources are items such as newspapers, journals, web pages, annual reports, etc.
Current resources are limited and outdated.
Current resources are sufficient.
Current resources permit an acquisitions commitment for a study and teaching level collection.
Current resources require improvement and expansion to meet demand with consistent quality.
Current resources targeted are grains, natural gas, labor, and climate.
Current response is very sensitive to changes in the supply voltage.
Current restrictions are from sunrise to sunset.
Current results are available as well as an archive of past poll results.
Current results are error detection modules, where sensor measurements are planned.
Current results are unclear.
Current Results feature presentation Spring is here.
Current results indicate that trabecular tissue stiffness can be quite variable between individuals.
Current results Keep up to date Join our mailing list.
Current results show great promise but lack statistics of sufficient numbers.
Current results show oceanic fronts and meandering ocean currents in a high-resolution model.
Current results show that pull factors and perception of potential work and economic oportunities.
Current results show that they are safe after childbirth, and while breast-feeding.
Current Results Spanking a child is highly controversial matter.
Current results suggest that vocabulary growth is partly heritable.
Current results Take a look at Archived polls from previous months.
Current Results Take some time to take our poll, as well as to visit our links above and below.
Current Results View the previous polls here.
Current Results Welcome to the Mythic Observer polling station.
Current resume is available upon request.
Most current resume is here.
Current revenue consists of tax and non-tax revenue.
Current revenues are insufficient to meet our existing transportation needs.
Current revenues comprise tax and non-tax revenues including social security contributions.
Current revenues covers tax and non-tax revenues.
Current rhetoric has power moving from the federal government to the states.
Current rifles require drilling and tapping of one hole.
Current ripples have an asymmetric shape that shows the direction of current flow.
Current risks are credit risks and outage risks.
Current robots can perform complicated tasks on the smooth predictable floors of laboratories.
Current role suggests the shape of future work opportunities pdf .
Current roommates have the same rights to their current room.
Current roster includes a.o.
Current roster is enclosed.
Current routes are in Texas, Nevada, and Arkansas.
Current rules allow each tournament to count as one game.
Current rules allow for submissions up to the expiration date.
Current rules allow no more than two commissioners to meet to discuss business.
Current rules are clear.
Current rules defining highly compensated employees are very complicated.
Current rules have fees at their statutory maximum.
Current rules impose no deadline.
Current rules make it tough for justice to prevail.
Current rules measure pollutants at the end of the pipe.
Current rules prohibit lawyers from participating in multidisciplinary partnerships.
Current rules require a change in marital status before permitting new enrollments.
Current rules require a receiving school district to send such a written notice.
Current rules require five years of financial documentation.
Current rules require preservation of biological diversity.
Current rules requiring that a person be licensed in the termite category remain in force.
Current rumor is they are going to be scrapped.
Some current runners are examples of just that.
Current salaries are competitive with other allied health professions.
Current salaries are even higher indicating salary increases that our alumni have received.
Current salary is at or above external market.
Current salary is below external market.
Current salary is under review.
Current sales consist primarily of the block ice makers for shipment overseas.
Current sales reach over six million tons a year.
Current sales stand at hundreds of millions of boxes per year.
Current satellites are limited to the frequency with which they pass over an area.
Current satellites can only image the uppermost layers of clouds.
Current scale is entered with the calculator keyboard.
Most current scanners have CCD arrays with three rows of sensors.
Current schedule calls for integration of instruments and all subsystems by early fall.
Current schedule includes weekend services in Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas and Missouri.
Current schedules are also available on-line and at the information counter .
Current schedules are available for all leagues.
Current schedules are available on the college web site or by request.
Current schedules are available upon request.
Current schedules are often updated regularly, so please keep checking back.
Current schedules have the train running five days of the week.
Current scheme is all over support aircraft green and smaller black numerals.
Current schemes based on certificate revocation lists on key servers are inadequate.
Many current schemes expect to hold at least eight internal areas for different applications.
Every current school is represented.
Current science has no explanation.
Current science has no known explanation.
Current screen is for SRY gene.
Current scripts are form mail, site referer and a voting booth.
Current seams are high percentage lies, especially during a hatch.
Current sections are to the left.
Current sectors are West, East, South and Central.
Current security is like a cookie with a hard, crusty outside and a soft, chewy center.
Current seizures underline the increasing role of Central America as a storage region for cocaine.
Current selection consists mainly of academic textbooks and computer magazines.
Current selections show summer rates.
Current sensitivity is limited both by sample purity and hardware.
Current sentiment appears to be leaning toward the combined library concept.
All current serials are in the online catalog with summary holdings.
Current series features women painted into faux sports uniforms.
Current server uptimes monthly.
Current service includes eight round-trip flights a day.
Current service is available in two semiannual shipments.
Current service is for residential users only.
Current service runs daily between Toronto and Montreal, with nightly departure and morning arrival.
Current services are categorical - one agency delivers one kind of service for one problem.
Current services are in normal text.
Current services are mixed with some free service and some recharge based service.
Current services encompass responding to emergencies involving the well being of children.
Current sessions are available for both boys and girls.
Current settings allow members to post and to remove themselves from the list.
Current settings are also non-volatile.
Current setup is selected.
Current shareholders are automatically eligible to buy shares by phone.
Current sharing is accomplished via a single wire connection.
Current shear tends to produce eddies.
Current shop is Asian and the woman does wear a mask.
Current shows are tamer than the early days, when creatures occasionally drew a little blood.
Current signs are that ivory poaching is increasing across Africa.
Current signals suggest that automotive suppliers have been running too fast.
Current simulation is primarily visual and auditory, with some tactile feedback.
Current simulations are highly detailed and are run on a parallel processor.
Current simulations differ from the pr evious work at least in the following way.
Current simulations produce results much closer to experimental data.
Most current simulators concentrate on testing for performance.
Most current simulators have a few fixed degrees of fidelity.
Most current simulators have no facilities for automated cross-validation with in situ measurement.
Most current simulators require protocols to be re-implemented inside the simulator.
Current sites are in Grand Junction, Pueblo, Canon City, and Durango.
Current sites are lakes in California and Alaska.
Current sites provide news, chat rooms, bulletin boards and classified ads.
Most current sites use a two-frame format.
Current situation is a little different.
Current situation Needs insignificant adjustment.
Current situation Needs insugnificant adjusting.
Current situation Needs significant remodelling.
Current situation Needs sugnificant remodelling.
Current situation Requires insugnificant adjustment.
Current size is displayed on status bar as well.
Current slaves innfeed status.
Current smokers are more likely to be heavy drinkers and illicit drug users than nonsmokers.
Current smokers are more likely to be heavy drinkers and illicit drug users.
Current snapshot is here .
Current society is a reflection of our inner state of consciousness.
Current software compensates for low or irregular film volume.
Current software does a good job of detection and cleaning.
Current software implements single computations of field invariants using a known category.
Current software is a prototype only.
Current software is used.
Much current software is built on an ad hoc basis.
Current solution is scheduled maintenance.
Current solutions are object oriented .
Current solutions are 'object oriented'.
Current solutions rely on a software layer to create a multithreading environment.
Current sophomores are eligible.
Current sophomores have the option of following either the new or the old curriculum.
Current source is at top right of the circuit.
Current sources attribute the name to the canyon of the Boise River near Caldwell.
Current sources provide constraint equations.
Current space carving algorithms rely on dividing the scene into cubic regions labeled voxels.
Current spec has interwoven parts and needs.
Current spec says a request fails if it has a Position header on an unordered collection.
Current specs allow for only one step-down arc.
All current specializations are available on a part-time basis.
All current species do in fact share a single common ancestor.
Current specifications are preliminary and are subject to change.
Current speculation has Etchells returning to the wheel to drive a second team car.
Current speech is so far blameless.
Current speed is encoded in color.
Current speed is largest at the surface and decreases rapidly with depth.
Current spending varies depending on the area.
Current sponsors are from the United States, Canada, and Japan.
Current sponsors receive the right of first refusal.
Current sports are badminton, basketball, flag football, soccer, softball, tennis, and volleyball.
Current spreads suggest using storage for corn.
Current staff are constant members of the academic community and understand the culture.
Current staff are exempt.
Current staff consists of four mechanical engineers, one CAD drafter, and one administrative person.
Current staff consists of one person doing survey, inspection and design.
Current staff is easy to get along with and enjoy the hospitality industry.
Current staff is insufficient to deliver needed student instruction.
Current staff is limited to an executive director.
Current staff is now over twenty.
Current staff is shared between several departments.
Current standards are ten years old and lag behind newer technologies and standards.
Current standards are unaffected.
Current standards are variable.
Current standards are voluntary.
Current standards emphasize a toned, slender look, one that exudes fitness, youth, and health.
Current standards look to fecal coliform.
Current standards reflect neither improvements in technology nor the types of vehicles on the road.
Current standards reflect the best scientific and technical judgment available.
Current standards save more than three million barrels of oil a day.
Current standings are available by clicking the image below.
Current standings are here .
Current state is output.
Current statements regarding underinflation and overloading are inconsistent and often hard to read.
Current statistics are a stark contrast.
Current statistics give a person living today a one in three chance of dying from with cancer.
Current statistics help users or agents make better decisions on how to manage their resources.
Current statistics indicate that approximately two million people are bitten by dogs each year.
Current statistics prove the point.
Current statistics show declines in accidents.
Current statistics show that approx.
Current statistics show that blacks and whites are earning equal amounts in many areas.
Current statistics show that more men than women are in favour of abortion.
Current statistics show that one in six new businesses formed is an Internet start-up company.
Current statistics show that one out of four girls in high school is in an abusive relationship.
Current statistics show that the largest growing population being infected are our youth.
Current statistics suggest that at least several percent of the near-Earth asteroids are binaries.
Current statistics tend to give a gleam picture.
Current status allowing recreation, grazing is adequate.
Current status is also available.
Current status is as usual here , archive here .
Current status is available HERE .
Current status is changed There are more developers now.
Current status is detailed design.
Current status is good enough to be used for daily needs.
Current status is here as well.
Current status is indicated clearly by the appropriate buttons being brightly illuminated.
Current status is shown for each candidate as either active or on hold.
Current status is single and uninvolvled.
Current status is single.
Current status is the overall system modelling.
Current status is unknown because heavy smoke precludes reconnaissance.
Current status is unknown.
Current statute allows municipalities to offer a deferred compensation program to their employees.
Current statute mandates that a hearing be held for any new acquisition or merger.
Current statute precludes the remaining track from conducting both classes of racing.
Current statute provides for a single phase-down period.
Current statute provides that the director only return the application to the applicant.
Current statutes allow attorneys to game the system and dictate where a class action is heard.
Current statutes are of the same tenor.
Current statutes are somewhat inadequate, since they can be reversed at any time.
Current statutes cover all employment transactions.
Current statutes exclude only gifts and inherited property from community property.
Current statutes prohibit public funds from being used for performance of an abortion.
Current statutes provide for the trust to be invested in fixed income securities.
Current statutes require each school to adopt a comprehensive safe schools plan.
Current stock includes incense, candles, books, jewelry, etc.
Current stock is half price until it's gone.
Current stock is in short supply.
Current stock is low, but there are sometimes a few items available.
Current stocking is only for specific requirements.
Current stories are here .
Current stories cover computer hackers, software piracy and DVD hackers.
Current Stories View from the box For a day the cable news networks converged.
Current strategies aim for uniformity and conformity with world standards.
Current strategies focus on integrated management guided by tribal culture and priorities.
Current strategies have an important flaw.
Current strategy is to line up dealers.
Current streaks are colored gold or red.
Current strengths are sound recordings and sheet music.
Current stresses are harder to work with.
Current structure has too large of a span of control and is too diverse to effectively manage.
Current structure is pre-civil war.
Current structure is reflected in the following membership list.
Current structure is subject to change.
Current structure is top heavy.
Current structure makes it difficult for faculty members to teach courses across departmental lines.
Current struggles are often due to failure to master prerequisite skills.
Current students are a priority and times of access are subject to change.
Current Students are able to view friends or coordinate with family for a live photo.
Current students are also eligible to participate.
Current students are also lavish in their praise.
Current students are also on hand to give information and advice.
Current students are also welcome to stop in if they have questions.
Current students are eligible only if no more than one full-time semester has been completed.
Current students are eligible to audit courses with some restrictions.
Current students are future SPEP practitioners.
Current students are ineligible for the service.
Current students are mostly in Japan, Okinawa, Korea, and Guam.
Current students are our best recruiters.
Current students are satisfied customers.
Current students are somewhat less positive over-all.
Current students are to file their lists when they are completed.
Current students bring in fewer study skills and complain of being seriously bored by classes.
Current students can act as mentors to the new students during the training session.
Current students can add the certificate coursework to their undergraduate degree program.
Current students can also access information on schedules and off-site rotations.
Current students can either choose to stay in the room they have or go through the lottery process.
Current students can find out their homework assignments and review general instructions.
Current students can get unofficial transcripts, grade information, registration status, etc.
Current students can have the transcript fee charged to their campus account.
Current students can make use of the department's extensive on-line resources .
Current students can now access their grades and transcripts online.
Current students can register through their school.
Current students can schedule appointments on their own with their advisers.
Current students can view the Postgraduate Handbook .
Current students can view their class calender here .
Current students can view their grades on the web.
Current students click here .
Current students click here for news and information.
Current students click here to request information.
Current students click here.
Current students come both from within Australia and overseas, mostly from legal backgrounds.
Current students complete behavior.
Current students continue to raise questions about life, service and justice.
Current students deserve input regarding the future of our college.
Current Students Discover what current graduate students in our program are doing.
Current students feel much the same.
Current students guide campus tours daily.
Current students guide the one-hour campus tours.
Current students have first priority, but slots are often available for alumni as well.
Current students have priority during peak demand times of the year.
Current students have priority for interview slots.
Current students have the option of completing either concentration.
Current students have the same selection criteria.
Current students have two options concerning academic advising.
Current students log on here .
Current students login here.
Current students love to stop in and sit by the fireplace or just relax on the porch swing.
Current students meet with advisors on an as-needed basis.
Current students play central roles.
Current students play roles.
Current students proceed to recieve some timely information and authenticate themselves.
Current students receive award letter, and loan applications.
Current students receive one free official transcript at the end of each semester of work.
Current students receive priority over alumni.
Current students refer to Pre-registration.
Current students register for weekend courses in the same way they do for all courses.
Current students seem more hesitant to don insignia.
Current students select rooms by lottery according to class seniority.
Current students select their own rooms through a randomly allotted preference system.
Current students share advice on professors and help each other through difficult courses.
Current students talk to their friends in high school.
Current students view alumni as role models, and are encouraged by their many accomplishments.
Current students work in galleries, museums, theatres and related companies across Scotland.
Current students work with well-trained advisors for their specific departments and programs.
All current students are eligible for consideration.
All current students are eligible to inquire about induction to the organization.
All current students are eligible to vote for officers.
Most current students are self-funding.
Most current students play central roles.
Most current students play roles.
Some current students are likely to be affected by the new requirements.
Current studies address the biological significance of ribosomal heterogeneity.
Current studies address the biological significance of the Tat-homeodomain protein interaction.
Current studies are a broad approach to understanding the ecological interactions across ecotones.
Current studies are concerned with chiral syntheses of heterocyclic compounds.
Current studies are on the isolation and characterization of arginine transporters.
Current studies are underway to develop new routes to heterocyclic systems.
Current studies are underway to evaluate the active ingredients in cranberry juice.
Current studies center on two main areas.
Current studies concern the action of native bacterial flora on bauxites.
Current studies do show, however, that no one method of prayer works better than any other.
Current studies elucidate changes in the hippocampus in the APOE mouse.
Current studies employ cellular techniques such as immunocytochemistry and neuronal tract tracing.
Current studies employ electrophysiological , psychophysical and imaging techniques.
Current studies encompass two major areas.
Current studies examine sympathetic neural and vascular function in sleep apnea.
Current studies explore the mechanisms by which leptin controls feeding behavior and body weight.
Current studies feel more 'real' to students.
Current studies focus mostly on small number of people of Northern European decent.
Current studies focus on chemoattractant-induced changes in actin polymerization.
Current studies focus on defining the ideal duration of drug administration.
Current studies focus on osteoporosis, anemia, vaccination and influenza treatment.
Current studies focus on population, health, and the environment.
Current studies focus on prohexadione-calcium, ethephon, and gibberellins.
Current studies focus on recovery of protein from fermentation processes.
Current studies focus on the bannertailed kangaroo rat in Arizona.
Current studies focus on the optokinetic behaviors common to insects and human primates.
Current studies focus on the regulation and interactions of one such protein, neurabin.
Current studies focus on the software related aspects of agent design.
Current studies focus on the transmission of moral values.
Current studies focus on two subjects.
Current studies focus only on the one third of their life that is spent in fresh water.
Current studies have two more years.
Current studies help provide understanding of many physiological processes.
Current studies indicate that cuttlefish are amongst the most intelligent invertebrates.
Current studies investigate the fatigue mechanisms in polycrystalline and single crystal silicon.
Current studies involve a number of pathogenic protozoa, including African trypanosomes.
Current studies involve gene expression during hypoxia in salamander hearts.
Current studies involve hydroids, the heart, and microbial populations.
Current studies involve specimens collected in Laos and Vietnam during the three subsequent years.
Current studies involve the combined use of biochemistry, genetics and plant molecular biology.
Current studies involve the development of immotal cell lines from a number of coral species.
Current studies link art education with higher performance in academic subjects.
Current studies pertain to mediumship.
Current studies relate to children's reactions to caregiver turnover in day care settings.
Current studies relate to children's reactions to caregiver turnover in day- care settings.
Current studies relate to the interaction of carbon and interstitial silicon in crystalline silicon.
Current studies say yes.
Current studies show a slightly higher pregnancy rate for epididymal spermatozoa.
Current studies show areas where resources are at risk if present agricultural trends continue.
Current studies show excellent bioavailability.
Current studies show limited success.
Current studies show that many homes have more than one computer.
Current studies show that schools all over California have difficulty retaining good teachers.
Current studies show that some benefits come from the fat content of fish.
Current studies show that taking ritonavir simultaneously boosts the level of amprenavir.
Current studies show that what is needed most by minority youth is jobs preparation and training.
Current studies suggest a small cancer risk.
Current studies support plantation forestry to provide more of the timber produced in the tropics.
Current studies use our extensive laboratory and field working facilities.
Current study focuses on heat exchanger and tank design.
Current study includes factors influencing perceived pain with amniocentesis.
Current study includes investigation of the ontogeny and plasticity of thermoregulation.
Current study is the Book of Acts.
More current studies indicate an increase in egalitarian sentiments.
Many current styles feature a blending of fabrics to create interesting styles.
Current subjects are four female giant pandas and their five cubs.
Current subjects range from agriculture to medicine, mathematics to food science and technology.
Current submissions are now available for workshop participants.
Current subrogation practices Several state agencies already make use of subrogation.
Current subscribers are elgible as well.
Current subscribers are ineligible.
Current subscribers can also participate.
Current subscribers can click here for a detailed archive of hundreds of heritage related articles.
Current subscribers can continue to use existing accounts.
Current subscribers can download the product and subsequent releases and upgrades via the Internet.
Current subscribers can extend their subscriptions at the 'Net rate.
Current subscribers can jump here to update their personal TV schedules.
Current subscribers can switch from the printed to the online version at no additional cost.
Current subscribers can test electronic reception by using the request form .
Current subscribers can update address information right online.
Current subscribers click here .
Current Subscribers click here .
Current subscribers click here for instructions.
Current subscribers click here.
Current subscribers Click here.
Current subscribers have the first chance to renew their seats.
Current subscribers log in.
Current subscribers receive an updated CD-ROM twice each year.
Current subscribers renew here.
Current subscribers sign up here.
All current subscribers are active in our system.
All current subscribers are eligible to submit material for auctions.
All current subscribers are eligible.
All current subscribers have the same right to renew their exact seats in the same series for life.
Current subscription is only on-line.
Current subscriptions are detailed on the Membership Application Form .
Current subscriptions are in print format.
Current success is thus a recovery from conflict.
Current successes require further investigation.
Most current supercomputers are vector machines, so called because they use vector processors.
Many current supervisors are unfamiliar and uncomfortable supervising non-sworn personnel.
Current supplier is unknown.
Current suppliers can update their records using the login ID and password previously assigned.
Current support includes payment of tuition fees and a monthly living allowance.
Current support is adequate.
Current support is to our missionaries in Paraguay.
Current support provides very significant and specific support related to the department.
Current surf reports.
Current surveys cover mature women, young women, young men and women, and children and young adults.
Current surveys show that a high percentage of the population now has access to the Internet.
Current surveys show that actual market demand is about space per student.
Current switches can detect broken fan belts if properly adjusted.
Current system has poor temperature control and insufficient outside air quantities.
Current system has poor temperature control.
Current system is a holding tank.
Current system is a simplex system.
Current system is criteria referenced.
Current system is designed for indefinitely long life.
Current system is just too old and costly to maintain.
Current system notices .
Current system provides demonstration modules.
Current system provides help for conflicts.
Current system provides safeguards.
Current system reinforces economic segregation in some cases.
Current systems are either costly or time consuming to erect.
Current systems are typically monaural rather than stereo.
Current systems get minimal respect.
Current systems have a demonstrated inability to protect clients from new viruses.
Current systems lack the ability to get contextual information or use it to automate fi ltering.
Current systems offer dual video so that users can choose what they want to look at and when.
Current systems provide raw channels for interpersonal interaction.
Current systems rely on a home location which authenticates users to foreign domains.
Current systems require handling of such requests to be carefully specified on a case by case basis.
Current systems tend to generate false alarms and thus require many skilled operators.
Current systems tend to rely on fixed graphics and standard presentations, such as pie charts.
Current systems work better at IR wavebands than in optical light.
All current systems eliminate some valid information.
All current systems offer the option of adding a password for accessing the computer.
All current systems use water and lithium bromide as working pair.
Every current system makes a very poor estimate of that.
Most current systems come with a three- year warranty.
Most current systems distinguish between organic, aluminum or mixed matter, and heavy materials.
Most current systems use only exemplar-based queries, which limits their applicability.
Most current systems use only one learning strategy.
Most current systems use the telephone network's caller ID feature to locate customer's equipment.
Current table is highlighted with the color green.
Current tastes seem to run more to funny phone calls and media-driven extravaganzas.
Current taxation is as idiosyncratic and inescapable as ever.
Current taxes are due when the statement is received by the property owner.
Current teachers can teach after hours from their homes.
Many current teachers plan to move on.
Current teaching includes contracts, sales, secured transactions, and law and economics.
Current teaching is mainly in environmental anthropology, human cultural evolution and ethnobiology.
Current team has the right to match any offer.
Current teams watch each other perform and add new ideas.
Current technique appears to be binary-only clients with secret authentication schemes.
Current techniques are time-consuming and wasteful.
Current techniques are unsuitable or unavailable.
Current techniques avoid connecting the six incisions.
Current techniques can construct only a few hundred bases.
Current techniques can only detect gene effects of five per cent or more.
Current techniques involve mRNA analysis and immunocytochemistry.
Current techniques involve the use of toxic organic solvents such as phenol and chloroform.
Current techniques rely on the assumption of known quality-loss function.
Current techniques remove a large portion of the tooth to get at inner decay.
Current technologies are marginal at best.
Current technologies do little to thwart illegal copy and distribution of copyrighted materials.
Current technologies function less like books or films and more like studios and laboratories.
Current technologies have limited visual fields and cables that restrict user movement.
Current technologies make the glass itself an energy saver.
Current technology allows clean production and therefore substantial reductions in emission rates.
Current technology allows for effective precision strike against stationary targets.
Current technology allows for fast and efficient retrieval information.
Current technology allows for rampant theft of original works on the Internet, and elsewhere.
Current technology allows neuroscientists to collect massive amounts of data.
Current technology allows pacemakers to alter the heart rate based on the body s metabolic needs.
Current technology allows PBCs to handle more than one election at a time.
Current technology allows people to come together over the Web.
Current technology allows the motion of actors to be captured in several ways.
Current technology can achieve acceptable analog performance with eight wavelengths per fiber.
Current technology can only deal with text.
Current technology depends on magnetic storage of data onto a disk or tape.
Current technology detects the solar explosions as they happen.
Current technology gives excellent results.
Current technology is a high priority and is available for student use at all levels.
Current technology is inadequate to directly measure Qi because it is beyond the physical plane.
Current technology is incorporated in all disciplines.
Current technology is integrated into the curriculum.
Current technology is OK, but there is a ceiling in place for the future.
Current technology is reliable for faxes sent to fax machines.
Current technology is still incapable of predicting earthquakes.
Current technology is used extensively.
Current technology is used to inform all of the classes activities.
Current technology limits the distance over which such high bandwidth can be carried.
Current technology makes decontamination of air handling systems difficult.
Current technology makes it much safer and easier for women to tolerate radiotherapy.
Current technology makes it possible to identify hearing loss in children very early.
Current technology makes it possible to use higher sampling rates and resolution.
Current technology offers limited voice playback services.
Current technology offers students the opportunity to develop electronic portfolios.
Current technology provides for many options to be used depending on the application.
Current technology provides students boundless opportunities to communicate globally.
Current technology provides the receiver with a plain paper document.
Current technology reproduces only the first step.
Current technology requires five minutes to download one minute of music.
Current technology seems to become more and more outmoded each day.
Current technology transfers messages at a blistering pace.
Current technology uses a large number of sensors operated at constant temperatures.
Current technology uses blades fabricated almost completely of composites.
Current technology uses mirror-based microelectromechanical systems.
Most current technology deals with the blocking of pornography.
Current temperature maps show color.
Current temperature is indicated by the tag attached to the lowest of the floating spheres.
Current temperature is represented in one degree increments of color shading.
Current temperature is shown in real time.
Current temperatures are very good for germination and emergence.
Current Temperatures Click on a city to view full forecast.
Current tenant has first option to renew.
Current tenant wants to remain.
Current tenants are pleased with the place, although they mentioned that noise carries very easily.
Current tenants enjoy the apartment.
Current tenants have leases for facilities ranging from one year to thirty years.
Current tenants pay approx.
Current tenants say their landlord has been good.
Current tensions focus on a five-day closure by Israel of the West Bank and Gaza.
Current terminology is problematic.
Current terminology offers a reproducible tool in the hands of expert pathologists.
Current tests are quite good.
Current tests attempt to detect cancer cells in a person's urine.
Current tests compare performance to agemates.
Current tests produce many false-positives as well as false negatives.
Current tests tell only if beef is beef and pork is pork.
Current tests tell only that there is fecal coliform.
Current texts go through the modern era.
Current texts say land plants evolved from saltwater plants.
Current textbooks convey a pessimistic view of view of marriage.
Current theme is climate change.
Current themes are forestry, aquatics, soils, wildlife, and wetlands.
Current theories are that both cancer and aging result when genes fail to repair themselves.
Current theories explain factors.
Current theories favor synaptic reuptake of serotonin.
Current theories gain acceptance.
Current theories hold the universe is finite in size but has no boundary.
Current theories indicate that estrogen has extraordinarily complex biological effects.
Current theories link the development of lupus with hereditary and environmental factors.
Current theories point to canker sores being the result of a localized autoimmune disorder.
Current theories predict aenhancement of the condensate, but much smaller than the observed results.
Current theories propose that the abundance of the objects grows exponentially as the size falls.
Current theories require that the spectra be identical.
Current theories say that is impossible.
Current theories suggest Mars was warmer and wetter billions of years ago.
Current theories suggest that antibiotic resistance is linked to long-term exposure to antibiotics.
Current theories suggest that habitable planets are common.
Current theory has it that the gneiss was formed nearly a billion and a half years ago.
Current theory holds that most stars form in large clouds of gas and dust.
Current theory holds that open clusters are transitory objects.
Current theory holds that spoken and visual languages stimulate very similar responses in the brain.
Current theory holds that there are several possible causes of autism.
Current theory implicates insufficient activity of the frontal lobes.
Current theory is that the computers used as voice processors are inadequate.
Current theory is that the solar system organized from a nebula - a diffuse cloud of solar gas.
Current theory lets speakers censor.
Current theory says no.
Current theory says that the upper levels of a thunder cell are positive.
Current theory says that universes are being created all the time.
Current theory suggests it is impossible to observe a free quark.
Current theory suggests that early treatment preserves the immune system.
Current theory suggests that lexicon is as important as syntax in language learning.
Current theory suggests that nothing is instantaneous.
Current theory suggests that self esteem is a potential index of quality of life in children.
Most current theories explain factors.
Most current theories gain acceptance.
Most current theories point toward an immune mediated component to chronic pancreatitis.
Some current theories model the human mind as analagous to a computer.
Some current theories suggest functions.
Current therapies are limited to surgical intervention and palliative treatments.
Current therapies are limited.
Current therapies can only stop or help slow down the process.
Current therapies focus on suppressing the inflammatory process.
Current therapies focus on symptom control.
Current therapies focus on symptomatic treatment and become progressively less effective over time.
Current therapies provide mainly non-specific immune modulation.
Current therapies suffer from resistance and public accessibility of expensive medicines.
Current therapies treat only the symptoms of hemophilia rather than the cause.
Current therapy consists of broad spectrum antibiotics.
Current therapy includes alpha interferon and other antiviral drugs.
Current therapy includes combination therapy, implant and stereotactic radiation.
Current therapy includes the use of antibiotics.
Current therapy includes the use of tetracycline or penicillin.
Current therapy involves alpha interferon and other antiviral drugs.
Current therapy involves long-term treatment with pyrimethamine and sulfonamides.
Current therapy is covered for each entry.
Current therapy is directed toward preventing or treating complications of achondroplasia.
Current therapy is empirical, involving observation, bracing or major surgery.
Current therapy is limited to supportive care, along with liver transplantation.
Current therapy requires the use of interferon- alpha in conjunction with ribavirin.
All current therapy acts to remove the region of the wart.
Current thought says that diamonds and oil share a common ancestor, carbon.
Current thought seems to be moving more and more toward a bi-national agency.
Current thought seems to be that attacks that do occur are cases of 'mistaken identity'.
Current thoughts are ivory or cream brocade over dark brown and green, with lots of ivy.
Current thoughts are to limit the size of electronic faxes to five pages.
Current Threads Click on a message to read it.
Current threats are habitat destruction and in some areas continued hunting.
Current threats are to commercial timber.
Current threats are to wildlife habitat, cultural sites and grazing allotments.
Current threshold alerts signal congestion from both user and management traffic, ie.
Current thresholds hurt small business owners and farmers.
Current throughput is limited by current analysis packages and current thinking.
Current thrust is the establishment of small, interest oriented networks.
Current time Find out the current time in a variety of time zones.
Current time indicates the current time since midnight in milliseconds.
Current time is .
Current time is here in Colorado.
Current time is listed at the bottom of our homepage.
Current time is shown on the plot as a double-width dashed vertical line.
Current times call for comprehensive, three-dimensional town planning.
All current timelines allow slews to be performed only on the day side.
Current timetable is assessed.
Current timetables are available from reception at both campus sports centres.
Current timetables are available on-line.
Current timetables are available.
Current timetables call for the new top-level domains to be added by year's end.
Current Title Enter both the current official title and the working title.
Current title is awful and inconsistent with other articles.
Current titles are available in most subject areas.
Current titles are only accessible from campus machines.
Current titles move fast.
Current tools are merely a start.
Current tools are usually specialized.
Current tools assume a videoconference model with a small number of participants.
Current topic is East Asian nationalism, focusing on China and Japan.
Current topics are history and astronomy.
Current topics are included.
Current topics are well represented.
Current topics have to be treated.
Current topics meet specific needs of students enrolled.
Current Topics Read out current articles.
Current topics receiving a lot of attention are technology in the classroom and equity.
Current tour dates.
Current trainees are available to provide information directly about their experience of training.
Current trainees are likewise eligible to apply for continued funding.
Current trainees come from the fields of psychiatry, psychology, and pharmacy.
Current trainees have the opportunity to rotate to a campus other than the one where they are based.
Current training is at no cost.
Current training is available at many sites including Winnipeg and the United States.
Current training is insufficient.
Current trajectories place the missile strike in Miami.
Current trajectories predict no shoreline impact Three response vessels are en route.
All current trams are electric.
Current transactions are as small as a quarter.
Current transfers pay off in later years.
Most current transfers heat energy.
Most current transformers are wound on toroidal cores.
Current Transits Reading are events happening now, windows of opportunity.
Current translations are english, french and portugese.
Current traps attract only males, or contain liquid bait that is easy to spill in the field.
Current treatment aimed at replacing the missing protein is inadequate and impractical.
Current treatment calls for one of the many new antidepressants, which have minimal side effects.
Current treatment can help relatively few people, and newer methods are urgently needed.
Current treatment consists of transfusion of clotting factors derived from human blood.
Current treatment includes both medical and surgical therapy.
Current treatment includes plasmapheresis and high-dose immunoglobulin therapy.
Current treatment involves berets or use of unwieldy, uncomfortable body braces.
Current treatment involves medications which cover both organisms.
Current treatment involves precipitation by adjusting the pH to appx.
Current treatment involves the use of steroids, radiation and chemotherapy and surgery.
Current treatment involves vaccines around the site of the bite and intramuscular.
Current treatment is by surgical means, which can produce scarring.
Current treatment is focused on relieving painful symptoms.
Current treatment is included when applicable.
Current treatment is limited to antibiotics and supportive care.
Current treatment is only marginally effective at suppressing disease activity.
Current treatment is relegated to two very expensive medications.
Current treatment is simpler and less painful than in the past.
Current treatment is surgical excision requiring long hospitalizations.
Current treatment is to inject the insulin hormone.
Current treatment relies on daily administration of insulin to regulate the body's sugar levels.
Current treatment utilizes a variety of topical medications as well as ultraviolet light therapy.
Current treatment utilizes pyrimethamine and sulfadiazine.
Current treatments are costly, but research shows they help save money.
Current treatments are invasive, often ineffective, and can have serious side effects.
Current treatments are limited to antibiotics and supportive intensive care.
Current treatments are limited to delay in the onset of severe visual impairment.
Current treatments are long and cumbersome, with enormous labor costs for governments.
Current treatments are of limited effectiveness.
Current treatments are of limited efficacy.
Current treatments are well beyond the days of classic topicals.
Current treatments block the action of the signal molecules or the inflammation they cause.
Current treatments can only control the symptoms of viral STDs.
Current treatments can only relieve some symptoms.
Current treatments concentrate on eye drops that lower the pressure inside the eye.
Current treatments control seizures in only half of people who have epilepsy.
Current treatments depend upon cause and duration.
Current treatments involve applying pressure to drain the lymph fluid.
Current treatments involve dislodging the heart s electrical system and installing a pacemaker.
Current treatments involve global suppression of the immune system and can be highly toxic.
Current treatments produce only modest and short-lived improvement at best.
Current treatments provide limited relief.
Current treatments provide some level of benefit, but none is risk-free or without side effects.
Current trends aggravate the already difficult situation of rural women.
Current trends answer their concerns, needs, and desires.
Current trends appear to be directed toward increased use of the deterministic approach.
Current trends appear to indicate that as technology improves, outcomes are better.
Current trends are towards shortening the chain of distribution.
Current trends call for more family practice and fewer specialized physicians.
Current trends continue.
Current trends encourage resumes that are professional, but simple and easy to read.
Current trends go in the opposite direction.
Current trends indicate an overall drop in civic engagement and loss of social capital in America.
Current trends indicate that consumers favor foods that have medicinal properties.
Current trends indicate that increasing numbers of franchisors are making earnings claims.
Current trends indicate that juveniles are committing serious crimes at increasingly earlier ages.
Current trends indicate that youth volunteers are increasing.
Current trends offer a better alternative for both the employees and employers.
Current trends point to a hunger and food security crisis in Africa.
Current trends point to locations in the Southeast as being more popular with Hispanic immigrants.
Current trends point to more and more large classes.
Current trends point to steady prices as demand and supply increase.
Current trends point to still more dependence ahead.
Current trends point toward meeting specific goals before moving into a new phase of treatment.
Current trends provide new challenges and demands.
Current trends reflect awareness of the importance of the child care director.
Current trends show consistently increasing urbanisation rates in developing countries.
Current trends show little change in some mountain glaciers and significant change in others.
Current trends show that search engines registration is changing on a daily basis.
Current trends show that web activity is increasing in leaps and bounds.
Current trends show the supply side increasing at a much higher rate than the demand side.
Current trends show there is an upswing in women accessing the venture capital markets.
Current trends threaten to make both local and global environmental problems worse.
Current trials require much paper work and require an independent expert to check all data.
Most current trials require a password for access.
Some current triggers burst fire.
Current trucks are over capacity and loads are uneven among current trucks.
Current trustees are eligible for reappointment.
Current uncertainty creates a valid and serious economic concern.
Current uncertainty is one of the drivers for developing a standard.
Current undergraduates are members of the golf and soccer teams.
Current understanding is that sexual orientation is innate.
Current understanding is that there is no inflammation present.
Current understanding is that they ll provide a list.
Current understanding suggests the following relationships.
A current unit is an emu
Current units are in amps.
Current units is used.
All current units have icon symbols for waypoints.
Current updates are always available on our Internet home page.
Current updates Following list is generated automatically.
Current uses reach only a small number of technologically-literate school communities.
Current usage is by individual choice.
Current usage is well within the available capacity.
Current use is applied most comonly to farm land.
Current use is approximately seven million gallons per day.
Current use is for a school.
Current use is highest among eighth graders.
Current use is to separate text or as a computer programming operator for 'or'.
Current use refers to use at least once in the month prior to the survey.
Most current use occurs when the tundra and rivers are frozen and easier to cross.
Current users are accustomed to the present format.
Current users are at higher risk than past users.
Current users are beginners and seniors of research in artificial intelligence.
Current users are eligible for a special upgrade price.
Current users are enthusiastic about the program.
Current users are especially happy with the rapid turnaround time from ordering to receipt.
Current users can access accounts by clicking on account login .
Current users can continue to use their old cards until they expire.
Current users can download just the new hypertext help system here .
Current users can download the latest version from the private devSpell developer site.
Current users can Download the newest material available from our site.
Current users can enter their user name and password in the fields provided.
Current users can log on to the computers.
Current users can purchase the accessory as an upgrade.
Current users can update for free.
Current users develop power regeneration systems for licensing purposes.
Current users keep their original logins and passwords.
Current users report that the application seems easy to learn and use.
Current users see below for details on upgrading.
Current users seem to prefer smaller devices.
Current users sign in here.
Many current users play dozens of Internet games simultaneously.
Many current users smoke.
Most current users are too sophisticated for a basic approach.
Current vacancies are detailed on a separate page .
Current vacancies are part time and hourly.
Current vacancies exist in Victor Valley area.
Current vacancies exist.
Current Vacancies Welcome to our Current Vacancies site.
Current vacancy is a roster position.
Current vaccinations are transferable.
Current vaccines offer limited effectiveness and epizootics are common in farmed fish.
Current vaccines provide protection.
Current vaccines take time to make, are slow to take effect, and cover one pathogen at a time.
Current vaccines use a DT with specific mutations that render it non-enzymatically active.
Most current vaccines provide protection.
Current valentines are in the front at left and right.
Current validity varies according to source of information.
Current valuation is compelling.
Current valuations are attractive and provide an excellent entry point to selected stocks.
Current value is calculated by multiplying the number of shares by the current price.
Current value is spaces or zero.
Current value is to be determined by the owning department.
Current value is white.
Current values appear in inversed maroon , while acquisition parameters appear in inversed blue .
Current values are slip , ppp , arap , shell , tty-daemon , connection , and system .
Most current variants require a priori knowledge of the number of independent sources.
Current varieties are self-fruitful but vary in attractiveness to honey bees.
Current velocities are generally low in the waterway even during periods of high tidal exchange.
Current velocities exhibit dramatic seasonal changes which influence benthic communities.
Current venues are Salt Lake City, Maui, and New York.
Current version adds the ability to add, modify or delete jobs.
Current version has updated shopkeepers.
Current version includes printing and alternate color sets.
Current version includes.
Current version is alpha version.
Current version is also available from metalab archive.
Current version is available both in English and Spanish .
Current version is excerpted from thesis.
Current version is first standalone.
Current version is freeware.
Current version is in beta testing.
Current version is in English.
Current version is much better.
Current version is only available for betatesters.
Current version is very limited, and incomplete.
Current version reflects advances in the past twenty years.
Current version See new homepage for current versions.
Current version supports the entry of HTML entity name tags for the full latin character alphabet.
Current versions are also available online .
Current versions are available for download right here on our web site.
Current versions are mechanical.
Current versions are much better but still leave something to be desired.
Current versions are now available for download from their website.
Current versions are simpler.
Current versions assume that the time series is generated by an autonomous deterministic system.
Current versions come in two configurations.
Current versions contain a bug that saves proxy information in the wrong format.
Current versions support graphics, animation, sound, text and even video.
All current versions are shareware.
Some current versions provide capability.
Current videos are available on a variety of alcohol and other drug topics.
Current visitation averages around a quarter of a million people annually.
Current visitation is strained, as x tries to dictate ALL terms.
Many current visitors have no problem with that timetable.
Current volume averages two transactions a day.
Current volume contains indexing of current regulations by subject.
Current volume has cumulative author index.
Current volume is vol.
Current volumes are on the display racks.
Current volumes treat job descriptions and legal research instruction.
Current volunteers Click on the appropriate link below for more information.
Current volunteers have significant expertise in computer technology and in law.
Current votes are nearly evenly split.
Current voters seem to want new growth to pay for new needs, i.e. impact fees.
Current weather is just a click away.
Current weather reports for Oregon and the nation.
Current Web interfaces to OPACs are little better than traditional OPACs transplanted on the Web.
Many current Web browsers no longer require helper applications for common multimedia file formats.
Current week is available online.
Current weight multiplied by ten roughly equals the calories needed to maintain weight.
Current weights are correct.
Current welds create an excess scar of aluminum that needs to be filed off.
Current wiring is already at full capacity.
Current wisdom dictates that the grafts are tightly packed and that the membranes are stabilized.
Current wisdom maintains that living within our ecological limits is the answer to sustainability.
Current wisdom says there are two leading ethnic groups, the Hausa and the Yoruba.
Current work centres on four novel clones expressed during myogenesis.
Current work concentrates on outcrop and sub-surface research.
Current work concentrates on the calcium-regulated photoproteins, obelin and aequorin.
Current work continues on catalytic reactions, reactions with phosphine, nitrous oxide, and others.
Current work deals with wood-reinforced thermoplastic composites and recycling processes.
Current work emphasizes dialogue as an organizing principle for the interactions.
Current work emplasizes lemons.
Current work examines the role of self-regulation by exchanges.
Current work extends various existing disciplines.
Current work falls largely into three categories.
Current work focuses on academic success for entering students, especially women.
Current work focuses on additional strategies for reminding, adaptation and transfer.
Current work focuses on bee venom and snail toxins.
Current work focuses on both Atlantic and shortnose sturgeon in the Hudson River.
Current work focuses on defects in electronic or functional materials.
Current work focuses on developing compilers and tools for embedded systems.
Current work focuses on developing speech and audio interfaces for LabVIEW controlled instruments.
Current work focuses on distance geometry optimization for protein structures.
Current work focuses on energy, biotechnology, the environment and information technology.
Current work focuses on enhancing the performance of existing gripper actuation subsystems.
Current work focuses on excavation at the left shoulder area.
Current work focuses on extending to multiple covariates and more complicated models.
Current work focuses on further integration of deliberative learning and reactive control.
Current work focuses on glucose transport in the lactating mammary gland.
Current work focuses on identifying additional redesign and learning strategies.
Current work focuses on improving the accuracy of the model for small parts with short flow lengths.
Current work focuses on including epigenetic change during development.
Current work focuses on Mars exploration.
Current work focuses on multicomponent systems.
Current work focuses on neural and muscular mechanisms of fatigue.
Current work focuses on solvation dynamics in polar-nonpolar mixtures and in reverse micelles.
Current work focuses on the binding of metal ions to mutant forms of the protein a-Hemolysin.
Current work focuses on the cells and mediators involved in the asthmatic response.
Current work focuses on the evolution of gene families and physiological pathways.
Current work focuses on the relationship between error thresholds and optimal mutation rates.
Current work focuses on the roles of the leukotrienes and histamine in the asthmatic response.
Current work focuses on transracial adoption and marriage across the life course.
Current work focuses on transracial adoption and marriage across the life span.
Current work focuses on two main areas.
Current work focuses specifically on energy and electron transfer in biological molecules.
Current work focusses on the design and implementation of the infrastructure services.
Current work focusses on the internal quark and gluon structure of the photon.
Current work includes a study of which visual features of words are the most important for naming.
Current work includes a terabyte data warehouse and paperless enterprise applications.
Current work includes a very early draft of a book on Programming in Tabled Prolog .
Current work includes a walnut sleigh bed and a cherry pencil post bed.
Current work includes an analysis of gender and the reconstruction of social and political theory.
Current work includes battlefield radar target classification.
Current work includes both experiments and numerical simulation.
Current work includes commercial, educational, and institutional projects.
Current work includes essays on American crime fiction and disability studies.
Current work includes extending the methodologies to correlated tests, and ROC curve estimation.
Current work includes folding screens with painted landscapes.
Current work includes images that have been digitally reworked.
Current work includes looking at the political and economic aspects of global climate change.
Current work includes new approaches to enzyme immobilisation and fat fractionation.
Current work includes oil paintings and ceramic sculpture.
Current work includes oxidation studies.
Current work includes phosphate analysis of soil samples from local sites.
Current work includes reconstructing the changes in topography and making a volcanic hazard map.
Current work includes research on genetically modified organisms and organic aquaculture.
Current work includes revisions and rehabilitation of the signs and trail.
Current work includes satellite antennas, monopoles, cellular sites, and antennas.
Current work includes studying the effects of invasive species on native Bay plants and animals.
Current work includes techniques for providing of automatic generation of ontology editors.
Current work includes the design of a new reactor to produce thick-epitaxial silicon carbide.
Current work includes the development of a river survey proposal and development of web sites.
Current work includes the development of high- performance software.
Current work includes the full automation of the coupled modeling system.
Current work includes the preparation of a monograph on the medieval churches of Northamptonshire.
Current work includes the storm drain line with the north entrance to begin soon.
Current work involves analysis of immunologic changes in advanced heart failure.
Current work involves clean up and punch-list items, as well as seeding.
Current work involves clustering users based on document clusters.
Current work involves evaluation work by project engineers with two test-bed platforms.
Current work involves examining transmembrane helices from a fundamental viewpoint.
Current work involves exploring the effect of fat on the expression of appetite and energy balance.
Current work involves increasing efficiency.
Current work involves infrared radiometry and oceanographic lidar.
Current work involves primarily thin films and nanocrystals of semiconductors and ferroelectrics.
Current work involves the development of a new cucurbitacin based bait for corn rootworm control.
Current work involves the direct visualization of nanoscale particles at an interface.
Current work involves the use of genetic, molecular, and microscopy techniques.
Current work involves using voting theory to explain individual behavior.
Current work involving new robot implementations is outlined.
Current work is a combination of desktop multimedia and projected video installations.
Current work is aimed at a system to fit underneath a train.
Current work is aimed at determining products and material balance.
Current work is aimed at identifying yeast factors important for transfer.
Current work is aimed at refining the technique.
Current work is centred on matching precisely the drug dose with light exposure for optimum results.
Current work is centred on the bats, polecat, pine marten and dormouse.
Current work is centred upon the mires of Wales and of Latvia.
Current work is concentrated on the knee joint.
Current work is concerned with a model of word recognition in normal and dyslexic reading.
Current work is concerned with microbial systems.
Current work is concerned with regenerative burners of the type used in the steel industry.
Current work is described here.
Current work is directed at extending the model to include pair-rule genes.
Current work is directed at optimizing a formulation for clinical testing.
Current work is directed at testing that hypothesis.
Current work is directed to quantifying the regulatory role of the vasodilator nitric oxide.
Current work is directed toward carbene addition chemistry and homofullerenes.
Current work is directed toward further characterizing and improving the sensor performance.
Current work is directed towards a chaperone protein, which is regulated by cell oxidation levels.
Current work is directed towards finding chromatic polynomials of large graphs.
Current work is directed towards ore grade estimation in underground environments.
Current work is essential.
Current work is focused in several areas.
Current work is focused on architecting and analysing voice over packet networks.
Current work is focused on capsules for chemotheraphy and delivery of polypeptides.
Current work is focused on caries management by using risk assessment model.
Current work is focused on development of a liquid seal monitor.
Current work is focused on experimental implementation.
Current work is focused on food cognition and psychosocial factors influencing health.
Current work is focused on glucose transport in lactating mammary gland.
Current work is focused on heart failure.
Current work is focused on identifying potential roading strategies for initial assessment.
Current work is focused on nonlinear observer design for fault identification.
Current work is focused on optimizing and testing the code.
Current work is focused on secondary purification and product development.
Current work is focused on similar models for shear failure.
Current work is focused on solution of moving boundary problems.
Current work is focused on technology integration experiments.
Current work is focused on three general areas.
Current work is focused on two projects.
Current work is focused on understanding retroviral DNA integration.
Current work is in two major areas.
Current work is invovled in delineating signaling pathways for leukocyte adhesion mediated events.
Current work is largely concerned with the automation of loan monitoring and reporting.
Current work is on inflationary model building.
Current work is on solids flow characteristics, segregation and modelling.
Current work is on stabilization of mammalian cells during freeze-drying.
Current work is on weak covering properties, base properties and, mapping theorems.
Current work is part time as an independent contractor physician.
Current work is performed under unsafe circumstances.
Current work is projected ahead approximately two years.
Current work is set aside to do the super-rush.
Current work is theoretical, ranging from pure analytic to massive computer simulations.
Current work is underway to better determine the ages of each event.
Current work is with diary archival manuscripts.
Current work lies in the optimization of detection procedures.
Current work needs to continue.
Current work permits essential.
Current work seeks to determine the rotation period, nucleus size and dust environment.
Current work seeks to obtain crystal structures of the proteins alone and in the complexes.
Current work shows various ways to present multiple images that appear as stills but remain current.
Current work Use the framework to model financial systems.
Current work uses iron-doped lithium niobate, strontium barium niobate, or barium titanate crystals.
All current work is acrylic on stone.
Most current work is devoted to pushing the limits of deep circumstellar imaging.
Most current work is in fact inventory surveys.
Much current work focuses on signal transduction.
Some current work focuses on issues of applied ecology.
Current workers fund current retirees.
Current workers pay for current beneficiaries.
Current workers pay taxes which fund the benefits of current beneficiaries.
Current workers pay the benefits of current recipients.
Current workers pay the rest.
All current workers are volunteers who support the owners' mission.
Current workforce needs.
Current workload is realigned with highest priority agency needs.
Current year is free.
Current year reports on library reserve.
Current year supersedes past edition.
Current year supersedes previous edition.
Current yield is a snapshot measure of the bond's value relative to other bonds.
Current yield is a way to track the relative value of the bond.
Current yield is determined by dividing coupon rate by price.
Current yield is intended to provide an historical earnings snapshot.
Current yield is the annual return on the dollar amount paid for a bond.
Current yield is the interest rate as a percentage of the initial investment.
Current affects fields.
Current affects magnetic fields.
Current begins to flow through that end of the sandwich, from the base to the emitter.
Current can be important, but the reef offers shelter during the dive.
Current can be important.
Current can be quite strong here.
Current can be strong, waves square and confused and sand bars close by.
Current carries particles.
Current creates fields.
Current creates magnetic fields.
Current develops over time.
Current dissipates energy.
Current dissipates kinetic energy.
Current drives mill wheels.
Current drives water.
Current drives wheels.
Current follows routes.
Current follows the path of least resistance to the ground.
Current generates electricity.
Current goes on and off.
Current has load.
Current increases danger.
Current is an electrical phenomenon
Current is caused by convection.
Current is created by heat.
Current is created by tide.
Current is flow.
Current is generated by cilia.
Current is generated by forces.
Current is in eight bit resolution.
Current is located in water.
Current is rates.
Current is through a point in a circuit.
Current isa phenomenon.
Current moves water.
Current passes through materials.
Current produces current.
Current produces fields.
Current produces magnetic fields.
Current produces output current.
Current removes waste.
Current requires drive voltage.
Current requires voltage.
Current transfers energy.
Current transfers heat energy.
Current transfers thermal energy.
Current transports energy.
Currents also flow in the sun.
Currents also warrant further evaluation when detected along the pipeline route.
Currents are also less treacherous to deal with along the southern route.
Currents are at times strong and unusually changeable.
Currents are especially important.
Currents are extremely variable, from nothing to a fast, steady flow of three knots or more.
Currents are found in rivers, ponds, marshes and even swimming pools.
Currents are generally mild and there's always a calm and clear site to dive.
Currents are generally mild, but can increase in the waters further out in the bay.
Currents are generally moderate to strong.
Currents are generally weak and shallow depths prevail.
Currents are large moving rivers of water in the ocean.
Currents are minimal.
Currents are mostly wind driven, but with low velocity reducing with depth.
Currents are negligible.
Currents are normal.
Currents are normally strong during the full moon.
Currents are of different density and proportions.
Currents are often fierce, making it necessary to try and find sheltered patches.
Currents are often strong.
Currents are often unpredictable, moving rapidly and quickly changing direction.
Currents are particularly hazardous in winter.
Currents are really awsome things and play havoc with lures.
Currents are slack under the cliffs.
Currents are slower and water shallower where the stream widens.
Currents are sometimes strong both on the surface and at depth.
Currents are streams of water running through a larger body of water.
Currents are stronger on spring tides.
Currents are strongest during large ebbs.
Currents are the avenues of movement.
Currents are the highways of the ocean.
Currents are towards the northeast on the eastern margin of the trough.
Currents are unpredictable along the North Rock so the use of a cover boat is absolutely necessary.
Currents are variable in time and space.
Currents are weak to moderate.
Currents associated with large internal waves in the ocean can modify the surface wave field.
Currents become very swift and swirly, eddies disappear, and swims are very long.
Currents bring in hammerheads, grey reef sharks and mantas.
Currents can also cause sharp localised effects.
Currents can be a concern.
Currents can be a problem further south during the summer months.
Currents can be a problem here, so diving near slack or on a small exchange is recommended.
Currents can be deceptive.
Currents can be fast but therefore the fish activity is great.
Currents can be incredibly strong, both horizontally and, even more dangerously, downwards.
Currents can be strong and change as divers circle the pinnacle.
Currents can be strong and drown even the best swimmer.
Currents can be strong and swift.
Currents can be strong but are generally moderate.
Currents can be tricky even on seemingly calm stretches.
Currents can be unpredictable.
Currents can be very strong sometimes.
Currents can change quickly.
Currents can change the bottom profile creating unknown drop offs.
Currents can either be warm or cold.
Currents can flow through one or more clouds and the earth.
Currents can lead to even faster air consumption, a dangerous situation for overweight divers.
Currents can sometimes achieve a surprisingly swift nine knots off Manhattan when conditions allow.
Currents carry fish, as well as their eggs and larvae.
Currents carry scent great distances, enabling game fish to accurately home on their source of food.
Currents carry the sand to the bottom of the ocean and later bring it up under the beach.
Currents change direction, which in turn affects everything from rainfall to surface temperatures.
Currents change rapidly or are to strong to start the dive.
Currents churn loose all kinds of minute marine life in the troughs along the beachfront.
Currents converge and upwell at specific sites, bringing food and oxygen together.
Currents converge here, and the water drops off fast.
Currents covers scientific developments here.
Currents created by motions in the Earth s core generate the Earth s magnetic field .
Currents drawn on the power rails are stable except for radiation belt passages.
Currents exist as surface currents and vertical currents.
Currents features fractional ads.
Currents flow across the large bodies of water from continent to continent.
Currents flow in and out of the lagoon through channels in the reef.
Currents flow like rivers, waves crash against seashores and tides rise and fall.
Currents flow over the case, even if the transmitter system and the antenna are perfectly matched.
Currents flowing in the ocean contribute to GICs by entering along coastlines.
Currents generated in the damperwindings provide a counter torque.
Currents go in one direction at a time, and can be given a very strong charge or a very weak charge.
Currents here can be awesome, and frequent dredging is required.
Currents involve time in transmitting signals.
Currents is also pleased to publish essays in more traditional formats.
Currents is mailed free to USA and Canada addresses.
Currents is now available by clicking here .
Currents is our pollution prevention and compliance magazine.
Currents is published biweekly during semesters and every third week in the summer.
Currents is published biweekly during semesters.
Currents is published quarterly.
Currents is the official voice of the Chapter.
Currents Let's do the time warp.
Currents move bodies of water from one location to another, like a river flowing within the ocean.
Currents move large amounts of water great distances.
Currents move laterally, loose heat and cool, then sink.
Currents move sand and sediment in and out of estuaries and can erode away shorelines.
Currents move warm water to cooler regions and cold water into warm latitudes.
Currents now contains advertising.
Currents occasionally flow southwest through the canyon, however.
Currents occur in all materials, but the amount of current depends on the nature of the material.
Currents offshore can be tricky, but the body surfing here is a blast.
Currents perform a chore that benefits the entire planet.
Currents preferentially travel along lines of least resistance.
Currents produce magnetic fields.
Currents provide flushing and a source of oxygen to the organisms living on the reef.
Currents rent roles.
Currents reserves the right to edit all submissions.
Currents reveal themselves by the shape of the waves.
Currents run slowly in the lake, swifter in the rivers and streams.
Currents run so swift and are constantly depositing sands in the channel.
Currents run swiftly nowadays.
Currents similarly run into resistance from atoms as they flow through wires.
Currents suggest transport of resuspended sediments to the southwest.
Currents swirling around the normal cores generate magnetic fields parallel to the applied field.
Currents tend to be strong.
Currents then carry the sun s energy to the surface in the convective layer.
Currents there can take that pollution, and the red tides, down the coast to Massachusetts.
Currents vary from weak to moderate.
Currents vary, but are usually weak, moving across the course.
Current always flows from the anode to the cathode.
Currents often travel along electric field line directions and generate magnetic fields.
All current is fundamentally the same , microscopically .
All current is fundamentally the same, microscopically.
All currents speed up at headlands and slow down at .
Some current goes underneath a huge lava rock on the right, making it difficult to eddy right.
Some current has clouds.
Some current is blocked by grain boundaries made when the material is crystallized.
Some current is created by landslide.
Some current is created by movement.
Some current is created by storms.
Some current is generated by contraction.
Some current is generated by tsunamis.
Some current is produced by cilia.
Some current is produced by movement.
Some current is produced by muscles.
Some currents are difficult to detect, but any current carries food and offers shelter.
Some currents dive under sheets of foam, then reappear.
Currentfederal employees looking to enhance their careers are also eligible.
Currently citations are to the page number in a given publisher's volume.
Currently definitions exist for three types of plugin - video, audio and input.
Currently drivers can make a right hand turn on red without waiting for the light to turn green.
Currently efforts are volunteer driven.
Currently families can contract as a varied and schedule varied days each month.
Currently Firms are Registered.
Currently funds are sufficient to support eight programs in Nebraska.
Currently information is available and initial tests can be run.
Currently men tend to surf, while women send email.
Currently membership is free for a limited time.
Currently membership is free.
Currently membership is restricted to higher education institutions and a few corporate companies.
Currently membership is restricted to physicians and associated medical and paramedical personnel.
Currently membership is totally FREE .
Currently operators use a variety of codes to effect certain internal network requirements.
Currently opportunities are available for students interested in interning in France and Germany.
Currently options is always an empty dictinary as there is no way yet to specify such options.
Currently parliament is very dull and boring.
Currently payment is accepted by check or money order only.
Currently programs are at certificate level only.
Currently protections are the same for all buddies.
Currently publication is by invitation only.
Currently relations are at zero.
Currently things are good between the two, but it really, really sucked for a short time.
Currently things are pretty good.
Curricula differ according to the various areas of specialization.
Curricula emphasize text study and Hebrew literacy.
Curricula evolve through a continuing process of change.
Curricula focus on skills that are marketable.
Curricula range from basic reading to special education and cooperative learning.
Curricula vary from country to country, and the sampling of students is fraught with problems.
Curricula written by one side usually completely ignore key components advocated by the other side.
All curricula are subject to change without notice.
All curricula are sugject to change without notice.
All curricula build on previous knowledge and skills.
All curricula contain lesson plans, activities and handouts.
All curricula lead to the degree of Bachelor of Science in Forest Resources.
All curricula offered by the department are available to students in either college.
All curricula prepare students for advanced studies at the graduate level .
All curricula prepare students for advanced studies at the graduate level.
Many curricula now give mathematical investigations a central role in their lessons.
Most curricula enable students.
Most curricula focus on aspects.
Most curricula focus on examples.
Most curricula help students.
Most curricula help teachers.
Most curricula omit how to use training to improve people's performance.
Some curricula actually have more representatives than the minimum required.
Some curricula cover knowledge.
Some curricula demand more than the minimum requirements.
Some curricula have course prerequisites.
Some curricula have goals.
Some curricula have primary goals.
Some curricula help conservation.
Some curricula limit the number of independent research credits permitted for a degree.
Some curricula provide instructors.
Some curricula provide physicians.
Some curricula require competency in one additional performance medium.
Some curricula require lareg projects.
Some curricula require more hours and no grade lower than C in the major field.
Some curricula require physical education during any of two additional semesters.
Curricular activities rely heavily on primary sources f data and mamipulative materials.
Curricular activities rely heavily on primary sources of data and manipulative materials.
Curricular activities rely heavily on primary sources.
Curricular activities rely heavily on textbooks and workbooks of data and manipulative materials.
Curricular activities rely heavily on textbooks and workbooks.
Curricular activities rely on primary sources of data and manipulative materials.
Curricular alternatives are available to meet the provisions of other state's boards of accountancy.
Curricular applicants plan to earn a degree or certificate at the college.
Curricular approaches vary among institutions.
All curricular areas focus on skills development for effective expression of ideas and information.
Curricular changes are to be reported in accordance with the standard format.
Curricular coherence is also important at the classroom level.
Curricular concepts introduced include transition, critical thinking, and communication.
Curricular concerns lie at the heart of the controversy.
Curricular content is centered on evidence-based practice patterns.
Curricular continuity is improved.
Curricular design is an on-going process.
Curricular design reflects the emphasis on both interdisciplinarity and twentieth century music.
Curricular drama is very popular with students of all ages.
Curricular emphasis is on the core subjects of reading and mathematics.
Curricular enhancements are integral components of our holistic approach to learning.
Curricular flexibility allows progression in theprogram according to individual needs.
Curricular goals are specific to the instructor and term the practicum is offered.
Curricular innovation relates to improving existing and introducing new courses and programs.
Curricular integration is evident in the development of thematic units.
Curricular integration is perceived as more than a methodology or strategy for teaching.
Curricular integrity is something that all major programs seek to achieve.
All curricular materials are reproducible for classroom use.
Some curricular material is also available.
Curricular options allow students to tailor degree programs to meet personal or career goals.
Curricular options are broad and varied.
Curricular programs seem to be the most effective at getting students to think globally.
Curricular reform is slow and difficult at best.
Curricular requirements are subject to change.
Curricular requirements ensure both breadth and depth.
Curricular revision is constant in the school.
Curricular software is loaded on each computer.
All curricular students receive semester-hour credit for courses which they successfully complete.
Curricular support includes a core sequence of three upper division courses.
Curricular training is granted for a specific employer, which is also noted on the endorsement.
Curricular work has priority over other uses.
Curriculum development involving too many innovations is unlikely to succeed.
Curriculum development is hard work and needed at all of the schools.
Curriculum development is ongoing.
Curriculum development skills an asset.
Curriculum guides incorporate alternatives.
Curriculum standards are available to all parents, upon request.
Curriculum standards are very high and students have responded well to the inherent challenges.
Curriculum standards drive what students learn in the classroom.
Curricula are available for faith-based or general audiences.
Curricula enable students.
Curricula focus on aspects.
Curricula focus on examples.
Curricula have (part) class periods.
Curricula have (part) homework.
Curricula have (part) lessons.
Curricula have (part) prep.
Curricula have subjects.
Curricula help students.
Curricula help teachers.
Curricula include concepts.
Curricula include curricula.
Curricula include examples.
Curricula include follow topics.
Curricula include topics.
Curriculum approaches to reducing violence in classrooms.
Curriculum can be an asset or a hindrance to learning.
Curriculum can be the bridge between the child and the world.
Curriculum can enable that empowerment.
Curriculum can vary from classroom to classroom depending on what a teacher wants to emphasize.
Curriculum changes in multicultural rehabilitation.
Curriculum changes in the primary school.
Curriculum changes in the secondary school.
Curriculum changes over time as children grow older.
Curriculum changes to be implemented, if any.
Curriculum checksheets for all options are available in the departmental office.
Curriculum compacting allows students to be pretested in order to determine what they already know.
Curriculum compacting is a procedure that allows for the streamlining of the regular curriculum.
Curriculum compacting is also a major program component.
Curriculum compacting is common and successful.
Curriculum compacting is easy for teachers to learn and implement at all levels.
Curriculum compacting is one way to meet the needs of gifted students in the regular classroom.
Curriculum coordinators to work with students and teachers in the classroom.
Curriculum courses for the work place.
Curriculum deals with basic safety, rules and drugs.
Curriculum depends upon the expertise of the instructors.
Curriculum flows form the needs and interests of our children.
Curriculum focus on disease prevention and health promotion.
Curriculum forma t to be developed.
Curriculum guides for each curricular area have been developed by the staff.
Curriculum guides for each grade are available.
Curriculum guides for each major are available.
Curriculum guides for primary, upper elementary, middle school, and senior high.
Curriculum guides for several topics are also available from the instructor.
Curriculum guides for teachers who use the newspaper in the classroom.
Curriculum guides for various subjects often return to topics again and again.
Curriculum guides includes handbooks etc.
Curriculum guides instruction.
Curriculum incorporates content, processes, and products.
Curriculum is college preparatory.
Curriculum is content rich and treats students like postgraduate scholars.
Curriculum is driven by carefully developed grade level benchmarks and standards.
Curriculum is driven by questions posed to adults by our adolescents.
Curriculum is modular, interdisciplinary, project-centered, contextual and collaborative.
Curriculum is online.
Curriculum is similar to our regular classes, but paced appropriately to family groups.
Curriculum is thematic, emphasizing real world issues and state framework concepts.
Curriculum isa information.
Curriculum links to literature.
Curriculum links to other web sites More science connections.
Curriculum lists supplemental activities, other books of interest and Internet sites.
Curriculum provides opportunities to conduct true inquiry-based experimentation.
Curriculum refers to the content and the process of a specific course of study.
Curriculum refers to the training assigned to a student.
Curriculum relies on the skill of the teacher to make some important conceptual links.
Curriculum requirements for cross-cultural analysis also provide an international focus.
Curriculum requirements for students and teachers.
Curriculum resources CMIS information about print resources.
Curriculum reviews and revisions.
Curriculum reviews and student feedback reflects presence of cooperative learning techniques.
Curriculum strands and themes.
Curriculum teaches cutting edge techniques used in the culinary field.
Curriculum utilizes books, computers, and audiovisual materials.
Curriculum vary by state or locality.
Curriculums are comprehensive and designed to cover core subjects.
Curriculums are frankly very badly conceived, pedagogically speaking.
Curriculums are located in classrooms.
Curriculums are more creative and personalized.
Curriculums are norms.
Curriculums are the means of getting to the vision.
Curriculums encompass the arts, sciences, education, and technology.
All curriculum concepts for the assigned topic are well covered.
All curriculum is age-appropriate with a focus on learning through play.
All curriculum is designed for hands-on instruction during the class.
All curriculum is designed to directly relate practical business solutions.
All curriculum is taught from a Christian world view.
All curriculum is under active review and is subject to change.
All curriculum subjects.
All curriculum used is grade level appropriate.
All curriculum varies due to age appropriateness.
All curriculums are self-contained and easy to implement.
All curriculums teach students to think beyond the skin of their aircraft.
Every curriculum inevitably omits much important subject matter.
Many curricula are creative and interactive, rather than rigid and proscriptive.
Many curriculum resources outline procedures for chromatography in more detail.
Many curriculums revolve around the traditional school year.
Most curricula also have a sample exercise available.
Most curricula have subjects.
Most curricula require more.
Most curriculum guides incorporate alternatives.
Most curriculums are available during the morning hours as well as the evening hours.
Some curricula only admit for Fall semester.
Some curriculums actually have more representatives than the minimum required.
Some curriculums disappear.
Some curriculums pose more of a challenge than others.
Many Curried butternut squash down exact, wonderful teacher reserve that dark farm until lots game.
Curried goat is tender, with the bone-in pieces stewed in an unusual curry sauce.
A currier is an artisan
Currier finds work in the public sector rewarding.
Currier is a member of the school's civil rights team.
Currier is an accomplished writer, public speaker, and photographer.
Curriers are craftsmans.
Currrent humor tends to reflect current times.
Currrent research demonstrates that the risk for addiction is minimal for chronic pain patients.
Curry County explores the limits of acceptable change.
Curry County is a stunningly beautiful corner of the world.
Curry County is also a prolific producer of myrtlewood.
Curry County is situated along the Pacific Coast in the southwest corner of Oregon.
Curry County is the Southwest corner of of Oregon.
Curry houses are by far the most common food outlets in Britain.
Curry Village is an area of tent cabins, cabins, and other retail establishments.
Curry Village is open on the weekends.
A curry is a dish
Curries are dishs.
Curries are elaborate stews made with special mixes of spices called masalas.
Curries are food.
Curries are great outback food.
Curries are indian dishs.
Curries are Indian specialities.
Curries are popular and made with a lot of spices and condiments.
Curries are popular.
Curries are spices.
Curries are spicy.
Curries are tame unless theyre ordered extra spicy.
Curries are typical Indian and Thai foods.
Curries get a bad rap in the United States.
Curries have (part) sauces.
Curries have (part) sections.
Curries here are delicate and satisfying.
Curries tend to be higher in fat and often contain coconut milk.
Curry isa nourishment.
Curry isa sustenance.
Some curries call for cardamom, ginger or chilies.
Some curries have regional variation.
Some curries have variation.
Curse tablets are texts inscribed on lead which invoke supernatural powers against other people.
A curse word is profanity
Curse words leak into every household.
Curse words sound funnier when they're sultry, smooth and low.
A curse is profanity
Curse fate some more.
Curse rather thine own neglect.
Curses are afflictions.
Curses are forever.
Curses are harder to take back than clearance sale items.
Curses are like young chickens, they always come home to roost.
Curses are profanity.
Curses are real, possession is real.
Curses are spells that are often intended to cause harm to another person.
Curses are the answer.
Curses based interface shows progress while doing single backup's.
Curses can be anything from bonus to maledictions.
Curses cause stress, blessings reduce it.
Curses emulates soft labels by using the bottom line of the stdscr.
Curses follow people around.
Curses involve emptying and scattering.
Curses is too important to a lot of software to let our best implementation of it die.
Curses menu to select desired game.
Curses passes on the information to pedit , which Curses receives from terminfo .
Curses uses terminfo to find the correct codes to accomplish the task in style.
Curses work best when they work on the mind, that's their real power.
Some curses also work by the cycle of the full moon.
Cursed creatures inflict only minimum damage in their own attacks.
Cursillo candidates are lead through a three-day weekend.
Cursive handwriting is learned and used.
Cursive handwriting is used.
Cursive keyboards contain even more information that shows how pairs of letters join.
Cursive print offers an excellent way to correlate rhythmic letter production.
Cursive writing is a specialized skill.
Cursive writing is introduced.
Cursive writing is practiced.
Cursive writing is taught and becomes part of the writing process.
Cursive writing is taught and reviewed .
Cursive writing takes precedence during the second semester of the third grade.
Cursor keys can move within any entry dialog.
Cursor keys make it easy to navigate on the display.
Cursor keys work well, though.
Cursor position is displayed in time and frequency in area normally used for bottom timescale.
Cursor position is identified by a blinking box and can be positioned under software control.
Cursor position is incorrect.
Cursor position is moved via another slider.
Cursor position is remembered when changing entry fields.
A cursor is an indicator
Cursor changes to an hourglass when printing.
Cursor changes to when placed on an image and information about the image appears on the toolbar.
Cursor focusing is a different way to navigate between windows.
Cursor hides two keystrokes after.
Cursor isa device.
Cursor move to leftmost position of current row.
Cursor moves to the Building Field.
Cursor now changes to a hand when mouse is over a collapsed rule.
Cursor now updates correctly after using Grail.
Cursor shows to which direction it bouces the ball.
Cursor tracking no longer gives torso movement during death animation.
Cursor use the cursor keys if set up.
Cursors are imagery.
Cursors are indicators.
Cursors are now sometimes informative, particularly on start up and loading files.
Cursors are of various aircraft throughout the world.
Cursors are really, really important.
Cursors are reset to the center of the screen.
Cursors can be either horizontal or vertical.
Cursors can return data either in text or in binary foramt.
Cursors come in all varieties.
Cursors have (part) sections.
Cursors identify a particular position in a file.
Cursors indicate types of navigation within environments.
Cursors move ahead on paste for faste repeat pasting.
Cursors move, menus and dialogs appear, all while balloons, notes and audio describe the action.
Most cursors change to a pointing finger when over a link.
Some cursors allow only movement forwards.
Cursos para todas las edades y niveles.
Curtailed freedom is incompatible with the privilege of citizenship of the Kingdom of Heaven.
Curtailed trajectories are very common in languages with mirror-image diphthongs.
Curtailment is a saving
Curtailments are just as simple.
Curtailments involve removal of the last letter.
Curtailments typically modify benefits available to employees under defined benefit plans.
Curtain rod is supported through the half square.
Curtain time is dusk.
Curtain times are prompt.
Curtain times are to be announced.
Curtain times are Weds.
Curtain times vary .
Curtain times vary according to day.
Curtain times vary.
Curtain walls are a common architectural feature of modern buildings.
Curtain walls are the only wall system where an air leakage standard has been in use for some time.
A curtain is a furnishing
A curtain is a screen
Curtain Call Establishes Internet Presence See the press release for more details.
Curtain Call Taking a bow in front of the audience at the end of a show.
Curtain call theaters, actors, etc.
Curtain calls The appearance of a play's cast in response to an audience's applause.
Curtain comes down on daylight saving.
Curtain comes pre-fitted for pipes and supports, which are also included.
Curtain cover Techniques around one mate beside few items.
Curtain destroy loudly behind any standard before Fear train therefore eat maybe.
Curtain isa artifact.
Curtain isa instrumentality.
Curtain learn throughout a struggle before warn utah camping.
Curtain lie among an shirt after issue titans heltmets.
Curtain lie among an shirt after issue toronto raptors clothes.
Curtain link Servant against dance amid several bonneville car or twist between a shower.
Curtain offend during several citizen instead receive imperial chicken.
Curtain opens and every one, hopefully, claps.
Curtain pay Happiness aboard arrive to many budget inn consequently shake within the parcel.
Curtain provides below little boy however wash table tennis.
Curtain provides easy access.
Curtain pull crochet pattern.
Curtain remains open.
Curtain specializes in critical theory of philosophy and queer theory.
Curtain stir in a person for took minnesota auto dealers.
Curtain stir in a person for took mustang auto parts.
Curtain stir in a person for took new auto sales.
Curtains add softness to a room and are great for covering unsightly or damaged walls.
Curtains are a no-no.
Curtains are a simple antidote, since they help absorb the sound and so corrupt any signal.
Curtains are also available with no mesh.
Curtains are also available.
Curtains are an integral part of any house or showroom.
Curtains are barriers.
Curtains are blinds.
Curtains are books.
Curtains are burgundy.
Curtains are cloth.
Curtains are down and there is other damage to the lobby.
Curtains are drawn, doors are closed just to be reopend right away.
Curtains are drawn, lights go out.
Curtains are flame and bronze-green.
Curtains are furnishings.
Curtains are hung around showers to keep water off the floor around the shower.
Curtains are located in department stores.
Curtains are located in houses.
Curtains are located in movies.
Curtains are located in operas.
Curtains are located in shows.
Curtains are located in theaters.
Curtains are located in theatres.
Curtains are located in windows.
Curtains are made of cloth.
Curtains are made of materials.
Curtains are more forgiving.
Curtains are nicely lace trimmed.
Curtains are plain cotton curtains, no drapes.
Curtains are probably the easiest sewing project to tackle.
Curtains are to remain on the windows at all times.
Curtains are used for blinds.
Curtains are used for curtains.
Curtains are used for hide.
Curtains are used for privacies.
Curtains are usually at least twice the window width.
Curtains are white lace, and prints are yard longs of violets and Victorian ladies.
Curtains are window covering.
Curtains are, in a sense, visual aromas, gently wafting as they soothe and stimulate.
Curtains block off the view to the back of the truck.
Curtains block out daylight.
Curtains blow inward.
Curtains blow through roadside windows.
Curtains can come in many different colors and different types of fabric.
Curtains can recycle into bed or cushion covers.
Curtains cover modest storage space.
Curtains cover more window area.
Curtains Cover the walls with long, flowing plain cream curtains.
Curtains drape over the queen size bed with stained glass windows in the bedroom.
Curtains drift out lazily as a summer breeze blows into the room through an open window.
Curtains drop to the floor in front of each of the curved movie screens.
Curtains fly away from the sill.
Curtains hang along the windows.
Curtains hang in the large west-facing windows.
Curtains have (part) sections.
Curtains have a subtle power similar to that of napkins on a table.
Curtains help only a little.
Curtains made of lightweight materials are less likely to accumulate dust.
Curtains move without help.
Curtains provide the easiest and least expensive method to provide open sidewalls during summer.
Curtains seem to be less wrinkled at the bottom and more at the top.
Curtains separate the workspace from the living area.
Curtains showing animation thumbnails allow selection of desired animation.
Curtains slide back for immediate access to the load.
Curtains surrounding the center two courts provide privacy.
All curtains are clean and props are freshly painted.
All curtains are key operated and all baskets are of the key operated swing-up variety.
All curtains are two circuit configuration.
All curtains come with complete instructions.
All Curtains Stay.
Most curtains are made of cloth.
Most curtains are made of materials.
Some curtains absorb mist rain.
Some curtains absorb rain.
Some curtains have areas.
Some curtains have large areas.
Some curtains have large surface areas.
Some curtains have surface areas.
Some curtains reduce heat.
Some curtains save energy.
A curtilage is a field
Curtilage refers to the enclosed area immediately surrounding a house or dwelling.
Curtis friends start dying.
Curtis products are available worldwide.
Curtis products start with raw material.
Curtis sculptures are ideal for personal collections, individual gifts, and corporate presentations.
Curtis voice is so pure in pitch and so rich in tone it seems to glow.
Some curvaceous flowers engage pollinators in an arms race.
Curvature of field becomes the real limit but with an efl.
A curvature is differential
Curvature takes place towards the stimulated side.
Many curvatures continue to progress throughout life.
Curve beaks adapt for fruit.
Curve mirrors create images.
Most curve mirrors create images.
Curve teeth to grasp prey.
Curve tracer shows negative resistance in the reverse bias portion of the curve.
A curve is a line
Curve creates a selection in a freeform shape with curved edges.
Curve ends slightly toward one another to form crescent shape.
Curve ends to crescent shape.
Curve fitting features include residuals, confidence bands, and prediction bands.
Curve fitting module now detects records which are too large to fit and exits rather than crashing.
Curve fitting now traps floating point errors better.
Curve has a distinct rise, then levels off.
Curve is a good choice.
Curve is a solid pitch.
Curve is a stylish lesbian magazine.
Curve is more pronounced in dogs than bitches.
Curve is now open.
Curve is the same as the one shown.
Curve isa property.
Curve listen on the beauty either shine patchoulis.
Curve listen on the beauty either shine rare book auction.
Curve listen on the beauty either shine rare gem auction.
Curve parameter is the ear canal pressure p .
Curve points that fall at extrema are also important.
Curve rolls into horse shoe shapes, pinching ends together to seal a bit.
Curve trace the replacement.
Curve trusts through many place either put detroit lions watches.
Curve welcomes freelance submissions, either in the form of a query letter or a full-length article.
Curves add comfort style and individuality to furniture.
Curves add interest and grace to the patio-but also loads of cutting and extra work.
Curves allow mowers to navigate easily along mow strips, and saves both labor time and fuel costs.
Curves allows the image to be corrected in the appropriate value zone.
Curves are always better than sharp edges.
Curves are approximated by subdividing cells to a very fine resolution.
Curves are better visually than sharp edges and easier to mow.
Curves are fully editable, and they can have corners and straight line segments if needed.
Curves are generally unique to each individual.
Curves are high-banked for security and safety.
Curves are lines.
Curves are magazines.
Curves are more inviting than right angles, but they are more difficult to lay out and construct.
Curves are part of graphs.
Curves are pitch.
Curves are possible but rare.
Curves are representitive only.
Curves are sexy.
Curves are sharp and hard to see around.
Curves are slightly smoothed.
Curves are smoother and closer to rasterised reality.
Curves are smoother and free of jaggies.
Curves are smoother than previously possible, and editing paths is as effortless as drawing a line.
Curves are smooths.
Curves are the bane of all railroading.
Curves are the best fit to a hyperbolic model.
Curves are the most versatile bezier section type.
Curves are the mother of all color correction controls.
Curves are the softest, most natural and highest quality silicone gel breast enhancer available.
Curves calculate the basic statics across the whole dataset.
Curves can also be colored lines connecting nodes.
Curves can be tricky to seal.
Curves can display centers and radius.
Curves can have variable line styles and colors.
Curves collapse quickly, yet still somewhat smooth.
Curves collapse to ellipses instead of circles.
Curves collapse very quickly.
Curves come with height in the roofs that are inspired by tradition.
Curves Controls the distance curve on surface endpoints can be apart while defining a trim region.
Curves convey relaxation, comfort, and naturalness.
Curves depict the percentage of grains passed in terms of time.
Curves dotes on women.
Curves enlarge because of water dropping to the riverbed.
Curves get too soft or too angular.
Curves greet the eye along with pleasing angles.
Curves has other capabilites, but ellipse creation is one of the more useful ones.
Curves have complex shapes.
Curves have curves, or control points, as shown in the sample at the left.
Curves have different shapes.
Curves have shapes.
Curves having a small radius can lead to greater wear than curves with a greater radius.
Curves highlight patch boundaries.
Curves is a unique concept in the exercise service industry.
Curves is an organization built on a solid foundation of values.
Curves is another color control tool.
Curves make an important difference.
Curves relate to the body image for they compose the body.
Curves replace lines, soft colors and natural light enhance the healing environment.
Curves represent transmission in dose-equivalent index ration.
Curves show similarity.
Curves signify the company being a soft caring and support specialist type business.
Curves suggest rhythm and flow.
Curves Think of each curve, inside or outside, as part of a circle.
Curves tool a try.
Curves workout complete.
Curves always uses background's palette.
Curves frequently follow patterns that have been studied in previous patients.
All curves are but generalizations of the conic in projective space.
All curves are dynamically adjustable with slider controls.
All curves are from the literature.
All curves are horizontal translates of each other.
All curves are hyperbolic, asymptoting to, but never touching any axis.
All curves are linear at low redshifts.
All curves are normalized so that the current density at the surface is the same.
All curves are now alternately colored red and black for easy identification.
All curves are now alternately coloured red and black for easy identification.
All curves associated with a face are co-planar.
All curves have a finite value.
Every curve has infinitely many parametrizations, amounting to different scales for the parameter.
Every curve is different.
More curves equal a stiffer overall board.
Most curves have complex shapes.
Most curves have different shapes.
Most curves have shapes.
Most curves show similarity.
Some curves are below curves.
Some curves are below standard curves.
Some curves are better to use than others for technical reasons.
Some curves are linear, meaning that sensation grows in direct proportion with physical intensity.
Some curves can also have vertical tangent lines.
Some curves continue to increase throughout life.
Some curves depend on cost.
Some curves get worse with growth.
Some curves have accuracy.
Some curves have effects.
Some curves have growth.
Some curves have intense growth.
Some curves have little effects.
Some curves have pressure.
Some curves indicate growth.
Some curves indicate indeterminate growth.
Some curves reflect events.
Some curves reflect physiological events.
Some curves require no treatment.
Some curves show considerable variation.
Some curves show decrease tendencies.
Some curves show differences.
Some curves show growth.
Some curves show increase tendencies.
Some curves show little differences.
Some curves show results.
Some curves show significant tendencies.
Some curves show tendencies.
Some curves show values.
Some curves show variability.
Some curves show variation.
Some curves yield values.
Curved arbors are popular for the garden where they serve as a trellis for trails of flowers.
Curved backs result in comfort all day long.
Curved bands seperate four birds, each bearing terraced mountians, clouds, and plant forms.
Curved barbells are measured in a straight line from the inner length between the two balls.
Curved beds are better than straight lines.
Curved blade provides excellent control when slicing.
Curved blades are earlier than straight blades.
Curved blades depend on displacing the tongue and soft tissue forward to lift the epiglottis.
Curved body allows for more control during an attack.
Curved body is natural contour of shell.
Curved booths ring the dining room on two levels.
Curved brushes coat all lashes from corner to corner in one stroke, reaching tiny corner lashes.
Curved canals are no different than straight ones.
Curved claws help it hang on to trees as well.
Curved components are steam bent for manimum strength.
Curved cymbals clash, and horns threaten With their harsh wailing.
Curved design allows natural hand and wrist movement.
Curved edge is crusted.
Curved ends allow for easier filleting.
Curved features are important in traditional hanbok design .
Curved features are important in traditional hanbok design.
Curved forms introduce a counterpoint to the strict geometry.
Curved glass remains under recent batten board.
Curved handle makes it comfortable to hold.
Curved handles distribute pressure evenly for more comfort.
Curved lines add interest and relief.
Curved lines are most pleasing for defining a flower bed.
Curved lines are very hard to draw freehand with a mouse.
Curved lines connect some of the hands, like a family tree.
Curved lines do vary in meaning, however.
Curved lines enlarge a figure, adding pounds and inches.
Curved lines help accentuate areas that are contoured and rounded.
Curved lines move easily to allow for quick manipulation.
Curved lines represent geologic faults.
Curved lines represent unanalyzed associations.
Curved lines soften and add curves.
Curved lines suggest grace, beauty, elegance, movement, and sensuality.
Curved lines tend to imply femininity where straight lines can portray strength and simplicity.
Curved meteors are a different story.
Curved meteors are by far the most common.
Curved mirrors are interesting at any age.
Curved mirrors have lots of uses.
Curved mirrors make aligning the laser somewhat easier, but are much more expensive to produce.
Curved mirrors produce different images.
Curved mirrors produce the effect of enlarging or reducing.
Curved mirrors track the sun and focus the rays to heat oil in pipes.
Curved mouldings provide elegant detail and soft 'design lines'.
Curved mountain handle bar hooks and center mountain bar Black handle bar bag.
Curved nails are an invitation to ingrown toenails.
Curved niches flank the doorway, which is adjacent to the foyer.
Curved paths are trickier.
Curved paths have at least one anchor point.
Curved plates work better than rectangular.
Curved roofs characterize Chinese architecture.
Curved screens distort the shapes of objects in the TV picture.
Curved screens have the tendency to distort images.
Curved screens reflect more sources of light washing the picture out.
Curved screens reflect more sources of room light - washing the picture out.
Curved screens reflect the sources of light in the room and dilute the picture on the screen.
A curved shape is a line
Curved shape keeps load close to the surface.
Curved shapes imbedded within designs offer a fresh look.
Curved sides focuses audience to front of room.
Curved space determines how matter moves.
Curved space distorts the paths of particles, sometimes in very dramatic ways.
Curved space is epistemologically untenable, a fudge.
Curved spars are optimum aerodynamically.
Curved staircase leads to the second floor game room and two split bedrooms.
Curved strokes are thicker at their midsection than the vertical strokes to get an even appearance.
Curved surfaces are the next kid on the block.
Curved surfaces can also act as mirrors.
Curved surfaces can be very difficult to shape in wood.
Curved surfaces can require muchf memory to create an adequately smooth appearance.
Curved surfaces come at a price, however.
Curved surfaces have to be approximated by polygon meshes using tessellation algorithms.
Curved thumb allows for easier stickhandling.
Curved track is a bit trickier than regular curtain track.
Curved track is tabulated by number of pieces.
Curved track wears far faster than straight, and the sharper the curve the worse the problem.
Curved trails are usually more esthetic than straight ones.
Curved vials are traditional.
Curved walls create irregular movement within the space.
Curved walls prolong moments before the drawings come into view.
Curvy vehicle contains two standing mirrors that flank the cockpit.
A cuscus is a possum
Cuscus isa opossum.
Cuscuses are mainly inhabitants of tropical forests and thick scrub.
Cuscuses are nocturnal and nest in hollow trees and clumps of vegetation at nightime.
Cuscuses are nocturnal and nest in hollow trees and clumps of vegetation at nighttime.
Cuscuses attack intruders.
Cuscuses eat insects.
Cuscuses eat small insects.
Cuscuses have (part) brains.
Cuscuses have (part) breasts.
Cuscuses have (part) cell membranes.
Cuscuses have (part) cells.
Cuscuses have (part) chest cavities.
Cuscuses have (part) chests.
Cuscuses have (part) corpi.
Cuscuses have (part) cytoplasm.
Cuscuses have (part) ears.
Cuscuses have (part) faces.
Cuscuses have (part) heads.
Cuscuses have (part) nuclei.
Cuscuses have (part) pedal extremities.
Cuscuses have (part) piluses.
Cuscuses have (part) plasma membranes.
Cuscuses have (part) rib cages.
Cuscuses have (part) sections.
Cuscuses have (part) skulls.
Cuscuses have (part) sterna.
Cuscuses have (part) vacuoles.
Cuscuses have (part) vertebrate feet.
Cuscuses have claws.
Cuscuses have ears.
Cuscuses have feet.
Cuscuses have prehensile tails.
Cuscuses have sharp claws.
Cuscuses have strong prehensile tails.
Cuscuses have tails.
Cuscuses live near the equator in the dense tropical forests of New Guinea and neighboring islands.
Cuscuses produce offspring.
Most cuscuses eat insects.
Most cuscuses eat small insects.
Most cuscuses have claws.
Most cuscuses have ears.
Most cuscuses have feet.
Most cuscuses have prehensile tails.
Most cuscuses have sharp claws.
Most cuscuses have strong prehensile tails.
Most cuscuses have tails.
Most cuscuses produce offspring.
Some cuscuses eat leaves.
Some cuscuses have color.
Some cuscuses have heads.
Some cuscuses have pouches.
Cushion plants are common on exposed ridgetops and summits.
Cushion plants grow very slowly.
Cushion plants look like ground-hugging clumps of moss.
A cushion is a muffler
Cushion are underneath one two after reach chrysler minivan.
Cushion burn around an ability either gave auburn tigers jersey.
Cushion cause away a breadth after began pre teen.
Cushion cause away a breadth after began teen chat room.
Cushion cause away a breadth after began young teenage girls.
Cushion contents with packing material such as bubble wrap, newspaper or tissue.
Cushion contents with paper, bubble wrap, foam shells or unbuttered, air-popped popcorn.
Cushion covers - a great way to introduce instant style and colour to a room scheme.
Cushion covers and unfinished square panels are also available.
Cushion covers can sometimes be problematic.
Cushion covers with delicate mirror work, extensive embroidery and multi-coloured bead work.
Cushion covers, table mats, table covers, tea cosies add class to, the lifestyle.
Cushion covers, table-mats, table covers, tea cosies add a touch of class to the interiors.
Cushion covers, tablemats, table covers, tea cosies add a touch of class to the interiors.
Cushion crepe wedge sole flexibility.
Cushion crepe wedge sole with Traction Tred for flexible, non-slip comfort.
Cushion differ Eighteen since lots medicine behind most present.
Cushion dread down a month either obey baseball display bat.
Cushion dread down a month either obey baseball gloves rawley.
Cushion dread down a month either obey baseball gloves.
Cushion grips for comfort.
Cushion handle grips provide added comfort and curved handle gives greater cutting power.
Cushion handle provides comfort when gripping it.
Cushion handle provides comfortable gripping surface.
Cushion has removable fake fur cover for easy washing.
Cushion is brown and white striped fur.
Cushion is filled with poly beads and covered in quality, furniture-grade vinyl.
Cushion is in between the mat and springs so astronauts have a safe landing.
Cushion is like a L, up side down.
Cushion is poly fill with foam cushion.
Cushion is precision-trimmed to the rubber die, and the stamp image is shown on top of the mount.
Cushion is replaceable, washable.
Cushion isa artifact.
Cushion learn beyond no flame unless bend skate board shoes.
Cushion obey above a month either looking badminton raquet.
Cushion obey above a month either looking baseball uniforms.
Cushion rang in many permission thus receive radiant floor heating.
Cushion relates to the padding installed under the carpet.
Cushion relieves instep against lace pressure.
Cushion relieves instep from pressure.
Cushion Spurge Out of stock . .
Cushion start and stop and has a variable tension control.
Cushions add color to a grouping, soften the look, and maximize comfort.
Cushions are a great way to build colour and texture to a room.
Cushions are available and are sold separately.
Cushions are available for relaxing on the bow area.
Cushions are available in soft corduroy, enzyme washed denim or bull denim.
Cushions are burgundy throughout.
Cushions are decent.
Cushions are expensive, and mostly covered under medical insurance.
Cushions are fine for outside too but the thicker the cushion the longer it takes to dry out.
Cushions are full profile, canvas backed, natural gum rubber.
Cushions are layers.
Cushions are located in sofas.
Cushions are of polyurethane foam in vanilla cotton covers.
Cushions are padding.
Cushions are part of sofas.
Cushions are pillows.
Cushions are thicker and wider, and backrests are higher.
Cushions are understated florals in maroons, tans, yellows, and peaches.
Cushions are used for comfort.
Cushions can come in many different shapes and sizes.
Cushions do a great job of absorbing shock.
Cushions easily detach and can double as bolsters.
Cushions feature drain-fast foam quick draining and drying.
Cushions go great with wicker, and there are a lot of cushion styles from which to choose.
Cushions grip and hold on rather than slip off.
Cushions has removable fake fur covers for washing.
Cushions have (part) sections.
Cushions have foam.
Cushions help prevent fatigue and soreness which can lead to serious injuries.
Cushions protect skin.
Cushions reduce friction.
Cushions ship separately and a dditional shipping charges apply.
Cushions take the most punishment.
Cushions throw best underhand.
All cushions are a soft blue textured wool and in excellent condition.
All cushions have zippers for easy access to the polyester filling.
All cushions meet California high fire retardant standards.
All cushions Velcro on and off for easy maintenance.
Most cushions are washable, or have washable covers.
Most cushions have foam.
Most cushions protect skin.
Most cushions reduce friction.
Some cushions cover with layers.
Some cushions cover with protective layers.
Cushioned feet reduce vibration and protect countertops.
Cushioned liner absorbs impact on the shin.
Cushioned liner absorbs impact.
Cushioned mats help reduce leg and back fatigue during long shifts.
Cushioned mats serve to make a collision last longer.
Cushioned pews add to the feel of a comfortable, homey atmosphere.
Cushioned shoes have little, if any, motion control properties.
Cushioned stops are available in a number of styles.
Cushioned tape grips for handle and rolls, brass ferrules.
Cushioned torso is actual size and shape of bull.
Cushman soils are on buttes, fan remnants fan piedmonts, hillslopes and ridges.
Cushman soils are on buttes, fan remnants, hillslopes, piedmonts, ridges and terraces.
CUSO placements are generally for two years, and focus on community development initiatives.
Cusp ridges are ridges that radiate from cusp tips.
A cusp is a point
CUSP also calls for assessment and evaluation.
CUSP represents the U.S. producers.
Cusps are flaps.
Cusps are part of heart valves.
Cusps are part of tooths.
Cusps are points.
Cusps are the borders between the twelve astrological signs.
Cusps are the elevated points of teeth, and are shown as pink circles.
Cuspate forelands are triangular points or capes made from sediment deposits.
A cuspid is a tooth
Cuspids have a pointed edge to tear food.
Cuss words are like waving a red flag at a bull and increase the heat of the argument.
Cuss words are slang words as well.
Cuss words rule.
A cuss is a tormentor
CUSS needs to continue to work with the performance pay program and the merit distribution.
Custard cream are preparations with the consistency and appearance of cream.
Custard powder is a secret kept in many match anglers cupboards.
A custard is a dish
Custard is baked eggnog.
Custard is done when a knife can be inserted in the center and comes out clean.
Custard is done when a knife comes out clean.
Custard is extremely finiky.
Custard isa nourishment.
Custard isa sustenance.
Custards are common, sometimes sweetened with lemon or orange.
Custards are cooked food.
Custards are dessert.
Custards are dishs.
Custards are food.
Custards are located in refrigerators.
Custards have (part) sauces.
Custards have (part) sections.
Custards Here's a typical Dutch dessert, that's easy and delicious.
Custards never get to cool.
Custards require a slow, steady heat source.
Custards serve with milk.
Most custards serve with milk.
A custodial account is a cash account
Custodial accounts are more suitable for smaller transfers.
Custodial accounts have a couple of drawbacks.
Custodial assault is a class C felony.
Custodial care accounts for the majority of long-term care needed.
Custodial care includes bathing, personal grooming, dressing, and sometimes meal preparation.
Custodial care includes room, board, and institutional services and supplies.
Custodial care involves help with activities of daily living, such as eating or getting dressed.
Custodial care is a major exemption from coverage.
Custodial care is for a much longer period of time.
Custodial care is help with eating, bathing, taking medicine, and going to the bathroom.
Custodial care is optional if it is affordable.
Custodial care is the type of care many people receive in nursing homes.
Custodial care means assistance with one or more activities of daily living.
Custodial care refers to care primarily to help with the activities of daily living.
Most custodial care is received in the home often from the individual's family and friends.
Custodial confinement is a serious deprivation of individual liberty.
Custodial delivery is a special service provided to the custodial department.
Custodial departments are to take physical inventories at least every two years.
Custodial employees clean offices, classrooms, and laboratories on a daily basis.
Custodial experience is preferred.
Custodial functions require personnel to have skills of a varied nature.
Custodial interrogation can still exist even where questioning occurs in the suspect s home.
Custodial interrogation can still exist even where questioning occurs in the suspect's home.
Custodial management is preventive or protective.
Custodial managers give tangible rewards such as job security, bonuses, and attractive offices .
Custodial officers fear especially the misuse of needles as a weapon and for intimidation.
Custodial overtime is charged when applicable.
Custodial parents are subject to the same constraints.
Custodial parents can better plan and manage their finances, with timely child support.
Custodial parents can check on payment information and case status on a secure part of the site.
Custodial parents can earn up to a certain amount before the child support they receive is reduced.
Custodial personnel clean the premises at the close of business.
Custodial records are on file with each of our respective content providers.
Custodial sentences can be as brief as one day.
Custodial service is handled through independent contracts.
Custodial service is provided for all common areas only.
Custodial service is provided only for the common areas.
Custodial service is provided weekly.
Custodial services clean common areas and students are responsible for cleanliness of their rooms.
Custodial services provide for the general cleanliness and upkeep of facilities.
Custodial services run seven days a week for bathrooms, corridors, lounges, and other public areas.
Custodial staff delivers containers to loading dock.
Custodial staff is responsible for the removal of all recyclables.
Custodial staff needs to wear uniforms.
Custodian accounts are cheap, easy to set-up and simple to manage.
Custodian banks accept deposits and make pension payments.
Custodian data is received in a single Axys-ready format.
Some custodians of records require a signed Authorization and Release before providing information.
A custodian is a guardian
Custodians also argue that the action has racial overtones.
Custodians are defenders.
Custodians are key people in fire drills.
Custodians are located in schools.
Custodians are no longer responsible for the energy efficiency of the school.
Custodians are only accountable for their data.
Custodians are responsible for cleaning classrooms, hallways, offices, restrooms, and lounge areas.
Custodians are responsible for cleaning hallways, community bathrooms, and other common areas.
Custodians are responsible for creating an information resource.
Custodians are responsible for defining access arrangements.
Custodians are responsible for removing garbage only from the central containers.
Custodians are responsible for turning off utilities.
Custodians are to maintain the area at building entrances.
Custodians are to notify classes and occupied offices and direct everyone to safety.
Custodians are to take the bag out of the container rather than handle the waste itself.
Custodians clean all common areas, and the community bathrooms in the traditional style halls.
Custodians clean only public areas and common bathrooms.
Custodians clean public areas, report damages, and handle routine maintenance requests.
Custodians come in a range of shapes and sizes.
Custodians continue to work overtime to clean and prepare buildings.
Custodians empty the containers into special recycling barrels.
Custodians gain longevity pay for the first time.
Custodians have the responsibility of cleaning up all of the rooms in the tower.
Custodians hold something in trust on behalf of others.
Custodians keep the building clean and presentable for the conferences.
Custodians learn what to look for in managing risks at their facility.
Custodians make up the bulk of that job group.
Custodians offer directions to lost patrons, new students and campus visitors.
Custodians only empty the recycling containers.
Custodians perform minor maintenance tasks on a daily basis in addition to custodial duties.
Custodians pick up recyclables and employees empty their own garbage.
Custodians place sandbags at building doors as they lock each door.
Custodians provide first response to emergencies during off hours.
Custodians remove snow from building entrances and steps.
Custodians remove snow from the building entrances and steps.
Custodians resent having to pick up cigarette butts.
Custodians set out roller carts of recycled paper for weekly collection by a private contractor.
Custodians simply act on the instructions of clients.
Custodians turn in pest control slips whenever they find any type of pest in their area.
Many custodians work during the day, while company employees are working.
A custodianship is a position
Custodianship is with women and men but women hold Grandmother's Law through the direct bloodline.
A custody battle is litigation
Custody battles are bad, but only the really bad parents end up fighting.
Custody battles are litigation.
Custody battles are very common in USA and other parts of the world.
Any custody battle is traumatic, especially since children's welfare and futures are at stake.
Custody disputes are particularly difficult to place.
Custody disputes can also torpedo family meetings.
Custody disputes create uncertainty for children.
Custody evaluation is a comparative study.
Custody evaluations bankrupt the dividing-family both emotionally and financially.
Custody evaluations become especially expensive when both sides hire their own expert.
Custody evaluations can be expensive.
Custody of children is a big responsibility and part of that responsibility is ensuring access.
Custody can be a potent weapon in the hands of a vindictive ex-spouse.
Custody can be actual or constructive.
Custody can be either sole or joint.
Custody can be joint legal, joint physical, sole legal, sole physical, or any combination.
Custody establishes which children live where and when and who pays.
Custody is a confinement
Custody is between the parents in a divorce matter.
Custody is imprisonment.
Custody is in the sound discretion of the trial court.
Custody is insufficient to constitute a bailment.
Custody is probably safer than running scared.
Custody means control over the child.
Custody papers if divorce is involved.
Custody papers, if applicable.
Custom boards are hard to make.
All custom boards are one-offs and are supplied with boardbags and the appropriate length leash.
Custom borders are available by quote.
Custom builders are less likely to have model homes.
Many custom builders continue to choose wood and epoxy as their construction materials today.
Some custom builders can afford to spend thousands of dollars modifying a car.
Custom car covers, dash covers, floormats, bras, sunshields, and other accessories.
Custom car painting for slot cars is available.
Custom controls are available upon request.
Custom decals require original artwork which can be on diskette, canvas, paper, tile, etc.
Custom editions are also available.
Custom fit allows for long tireless sessions, with great response.
Custom flights are also available.
Custom flights are available.
Custom harvesters perform a full harvest service, providing both workers and harvest equipment.
Custom homes are our specialty.
Custom homes are under construction.
Custom homes blend into the rocks and surrounding mountain.
Custom homes deserve custom cabinetry.
Custom homes dont have to be elaborate or expensive, although they can be.
Custom homes open daily . .
Custom homes open daily .
Custom houses require refined design and quality construction.
All custom inks have certain foibles that one learns how to cope with the hard way.
Custom insoles offer the absolute best in hiking comfort and stability.
Custom inspectors work both on foot and from booths.
Custom labels are available on larger orders, please inquire.
Custom labels are available.
Custom lettering is available on clear acrylic.
Custom lettering is laid out and burned in then shaded.
Custom lines are also available for late model Jeep vehicles.
Custom merchandise is non-refundable.
Custom officials can stop travelers who have unidentified drugs and seize the medicines.
Custom publishing allows instructors to build a lab manual that meets the needs of their classes.
Custom publishing is an increasingly important marketing and communications tool.
Custom search is available only to subscribers, but a free trial subscription is available.
Custom searches are available for that elusive item needed to complete that display or collection.
Custom searches are for paying customers only.
Custom service can vary greatly in price.
Custom service is the name of our game.
Custom services are also available.
Custom services are available as well.
Custom services are available for such functions on an individually, negotiated basis.
Custom services are available to meet the specific monitoring and diagnostic requirements.
Custom services are available.
All custom services are available at both bridges.
Many custom services are also available.
Custom software analyzes the image and directs the module to orient the tablet to the correct axis.
Custom software can cut design time and improve design quality.
Custom software can tie everything together into one integreated package.
Custom software ensures accuracy and eliminates transposition errors.
Custom software includes web-based photo album and a mailing list manager.
Custom software incorporating aut sample omated quality control is used for data entry.
Custom software increases the efficiency of any organization.
Custom software is also available.
Custom software is available upon request.
Custom software is based on a hourly estimate.
Custom software is created on Web sites that companies depend upon to run their businesses.
Custom software is developed for a variety of industries, including the auction industry.
Custom software is under development that converts logic circuits to state logic.
Custom software is used to control patient measurement, prosthesis design and manufacture.
Custom software manages rate of pressure change logic, storage and system air pressure.
Custom software offers business opportunity, cost benefits and technology advantage.
Custom software offers business opportunity, cost benefits, and technology advantage.
Custom software offers tools for manipulation of acquired data.
Custom software operates the camera and filter as well as sequencing the data acquisition.
Custom software provided with the analyzer allows for both bath exotherm and process exotherm tests.
Custom software provides data on the electric consumption of large equipment and also steam usage.
Custom software remains the largest part of the market, but the future belongs to packaged software.
Custom stickers are custom and make the dealership stand out from the competition.
A custom is practice
A custom is survival
Custom adventures our specialty.
Custom affirms that the owners of the project make the binding decisions.
Custom also requires a clean house - sweeping away bad luck and sweeping in good fortune.
Custom also sells Western snowplows, and all types of truck equipment and fabrication.
Custom analyses of specific areas in town are also available for an additional fee.
Custom armpatches no longer show up on some terrorists in multiplayer terrorist hunt missions.
Custom attributes and types.
Custom becomes an obsession.
Custom becomes second nature.
Custom bend assemblies and mitered bends are also available on request.
Custom binding for area rugs is done in-house and rush orders can be done in as little as two days.
Custom blending massage oil is available to use for massage, aromatherapy and in the bath.
Custom blending to meet our customer's specific requirements is available.
Custom blends to meet certain project requirements are also available.
Custom bows, arrows, and accessories.
Custom bows, cedar arrows, and accessories.
Custom boxes for golf memorabilia.
Custom brushes in Illustrator produce organic-looking art.
Custom build a new site that meets our quality guidelines.
Custom build a system, or search for a reviewed computer. .
Custom build a system, or search for a reviewed computer.
Custom build amps.
Custom build and desktop computer systems.
Custom build cabinets, fireplaces and windows.
Custom build character costumes for company or school mascots, for clowns and other entertainers.
Custom build computer system based on customer specifications.
Custom build computers online.
Custom build estate, great location, top quality estate at it's best.
Custom build fishing rods to each anglers physical characteristics.
Custom build for organisations with acute space constraint.
Custom build from components or choose pre-configured national brand systems.
Custom build it in-house or buy a packaged solution.
Custom build outs.
Custom build residential frame garages and workshops.
Custom build servers, custom co-location plans, excellent tech support, excellent network firewalls.
Custom build systems to spec.
Custom build the right look with an endless array of base and blade combinations.
Custom builds and installs church steeples, baptistries, and bell towers .
Custom builds and releases, including re-releasing superseded versions of software.
Custom builds complete systems for rainwater collection.
Custom built home has many extra features.
Custom built homes are also available.
Custom built units are our specialty.
Custom cabins designed for each site.
Custom cages and flights available in nearly any size.
Custom cages or flights in almost any size or shape upon request.
Custom cages, custom aviaries and special orders are non-refundable at any time.
Custom cakes for any occasion.
Custom cakes for bachelorette parties, birthdays, and baldy parties.
Custom cakes for gals, guys and gays for bachelorette parties and other silliness.
Custom can be so deeply entrenched in the society at large that it gains the force of law .
Custom can be so deeply entrenched in the society at large that it gains the force of law.
Custom can dictate language.
Custom carved millwork, panels and appliqu s for furniture or homebuilding are also available.
Custom catered meals are available from town and ready to eat after the days hunt.
Custom changes over time and differs from one nation to the next.
Custom check printing also minimizes the security risk of maintaining an inventory of blank checks.
Custom chesssets and other woodcrafts.
Custom clamping configurations and customer specific requirements are also available.
Custom closets with double hung closet poles and shelves.
Custom collectibles a possibility.
Custom colored mats are available for additional charge.
Custom colours a specialty.
Custom combine, hay harvesting, or sheep shearing operations.
Custom computed designs are both optimal and minimal.
Custom coupling ratios are available up on request.
Custom crates and packaging, collating.
Custom created carvings are also available.
Custom cuts for every man, woman, and child.
Custom cuts on blankets are available at no extra charge.
Custom databases for a variety of applications.
Custom dates to coincide with Galapagos departures.
Custom decks our specialty.
Custom design a plush model airplane for sale in promotional catalog programs.
Custom design a surfboard.
Custom design our costume jewelry accessories featured in an online shopping catalogue.
Custom design their presentation to meet their audiences needs.
Custom designed and manufactured enclosures are also available.
Custom designed artwork is engraved into genuine walnut.
Custom designed assemblies are a major portion of our business.
Custom designed bases are available.
Custom designed birdhouses are also available and make a great gift for any occasion.
Custom designed courses are available.
Custom designed equipment is also available.
Custom designed examinations are available to meet special needs and budgetary concerns.
Custom designed field trips take students behind the scenes at the museum.
Custom designed graphics are available at additional costs.
Custom designed inlay work is available on any model.
Custom designed load cells are also available.
Custom designed looms are also available.
Custom designed pads absorb a great deal of impact and force.
Custom designed pedestals can accent a room or act as a table.
Custom designed products are always available.
Custom designed programs are available.
Custom designed programs suit the individual needs of our clients.
Custom designed promotions are available.
Custom designed tools increase both productivity and machine utilization time.
Custom designed units are also available with longer lift and higher capacities.
Custom designed units are available.
Custom designed weekend retreats are also available.
Custom designing for specific interior designs is also available to truly match a company's needs.
Custom designs a specialty.
Custom designs all products.
Custom designs as per requests.
Custom designs as well as fabulous antiques.
Custom designs at no extra cost.
Custom designs available on many species of parrots.
Custom designs available to clients.
Custom designs available to hold three or more swords.
Custom designs available, call with specs for pricing.
Custom designs depicting pets and other pieces on request.
Custom designs equipment for the decontamination of hydrocarbon or solvent-laden air or water.
Custom designs for all occasions.
Custom designs for any occasion and budget.
Custom designs for cars,haulers, atv's trucks.
Custom designs for interior and exterior environments.
Custom designs for scarves, ties, dresses, shirts and home furnishings.
Custom designs for specific needs are available.
Custom designs from a variety of materials.
Custom designs including traditional, contemporaty, southwest and primitive.
Custom designs no problem.
Custom designs on toyboxes, chairs, tables, bookcases and footstools.
Custom designs our specialty.
Custom designs that require digitizing charges by quote.
Custom designs to antique jewlery.
Custom designs to meet demanding applications.
Custom designs to specification machinery and accessories for all industries.
Custom designs to suit any needs.
Custom designs too.
Custom designs welcome.
Custom designs with large selection of diamonds and colored stones.
Custom designs with larger achromatic ranges, or deeper UV wavelengths, are available on request.
Custom designs with quick turnaround are a specialty.
Custom dictates that Bozo women fish from the river's banks, using specially designed baskets.
Custom dictates that modules begin with a capital letter.
Custom dictates that the sugar is left out at unhappy occasions such as funerals.
Custom die cut foam inserts are also a specialty.
Custom die-cut labels and circular labels are also available by quote.
Custom dies available for additional charge.
Custom display only.
Custom drives for ten foot or longer pontoon boats.
Custom drying of material is possible on a limited scale.
Custom drying racks and ample storage facilities complete our exclusive sail wash service.
Custom eat-in kitchen with double oven and center island gas cooktop.
Custom emails to the customer with registration information.
Custom embroidered floor mats are also available to round out the complete package.
Custom embroidering on any gift item is also available.
Custom encourages people to patch software for personal use when necessary.
Custom engineered enclosures are also available for unique or demanding applications.
Custom engineered solutions are available on request.
Custom engrave toasting glasses.
Custom engraving directly on the telescope near the eyepiece is also available.
Custom engraving on the brass plaque is available.
Custom face guage simplifies tank pressure monitoring with standard air fill valve.
Custom face guage simplifies tank prossure monitoring with standard air fill valve.
Custom fades unlimited messages with an associated title.
Custom favors for all occassions and ribbon engraving.
Custom favors, centerpieces and gifts.
Custom features appropriate for specific needs.
Custom features like waterfalls, fountains, spas or swim jets are no problem.
Custom features per customer request.
Custom features throughout home.
Custom features throughout.
Custom features too numerous to list.
Custom features without the custom prices.
Custom feed grinding with mobile roller feed mill.
Custom feeds are exempt from product registration.
Custom fill out forms.
Custom filters to help avoid nuisance citations.
Custom finishes for alloy guns.
Custom finishes throughout.
Custom finishing operations include slots and holes or simply cutting to installation lengths.
Custom fit a mouthguard.
Custom fits with putty - No heating or boiling required.
Custom fittings for clubs and video lessons are two of the shop's signature services.
Custom fly rod makers web sites and addresses .
Custom fly rods.
Custom fly tyers web pages and addresses .
Custom follows the school of Hillel.
Custom forbids the use of metal tools to cut the umbilical cord.
Custom forms with server scripts for processing if required.
Custom generate street maps on line.
Custom grinds available.
Custom grinds from mild to wild.
Custom grow herb and everlasting starts and plants.
Custom handle design is a very intriguing type of artwork.
Custom handlebars with mountain barends offer several hand positions.
Custom handles for tournament and recreational users.
Custom handles in cherry wood enhance the design.
Custom has it that denim blue is for working men s clothing.
Custom has to be won by the deserving.
Custom here dictates that whoever arrives at mealtime eats without question.
Custom hikes for groups of no more than six range from easy to moderate to strenuous.
Custom hikes with barbecues.
Custom hire the liquid portion of the manure application.
Custom holds thousands in bondage to the earthly and sensual.
Custom homepages at reasonable rates.
Custom importing is available.
Custom imprinting in either gold or silver is included.
Custom imprinting is also available, and quite a popular option.
Custom imprinting is available at no extra charge for standard layout.
Custom imprinting is available upon request.
Custom imprinting is available.
Custom imprinting is extra and depends upon the imprint quantity.
Custom imprinting options on both the lid and bin are available.
Custom installations our speciality.
Custom interconnecting cable fabrication is required for specific devices.
Custom interfaces with most major loan origination software providers.
Custom involves tastes and habits which can be.
Custom is a list-tree.
Custom is all.
Custom is almost a second nature.
Custom is an integral part of the institutional matrix of modern economies.
Custom is backed by a full set of hosting and administration services.
Custom is practice, sanctioned by tradition meaning, it goes back a long time.
Custom is the habit of doing certain things like shaking hands and tipping hats mentioned above.
Custom is the last size, all the way to the right.
Custom is, to think a handsome thing in private but tame it down in the utterance.
Custom isa activity.
Custom itineraries for individuals, group and corporate outdoor adventure travel.
Custom itineraries possible.
Custom labels for direct and thermal printing.
Custom labels to include bar code labels.
Custom lagging generally of varnished mahogany with polished brass trim is available.
Custom lampshades a specialty.
Custom lampshades, one of a kind lamps, artist grade papers, blank books and cards.
Custom leads and marketing research.
Custom leads the willing, law compels or draws the unwilling.
Custom lean back cushion live well.
Custom lenses no longer save a duplicate file with percent characters.
Custom lighted lengths are available.
Custom log home manufacturer.
Custom log home on a private lot surrounded by trees in established neighbourhood.
Custom log home plans, kits and floor plans.
Custom log home plans, kits, and floor plans.
Custom logs possible.
Custom look and feel.
Custom look and fit.
Custom Look At a Lower Cost.
Custom looks and blazing speed in specializing import performances.
Custom lures and nothing but the best in terminal tackle.
Custom Made signs are also available.
Custom make antibodies.
Custom make any plans for working with individual parents or groups of parents.
Custom make for individuals and teams.
Custom make master unit for user.
Custom make mats and liners.
Custom makes cards, invitations or announcements using original photographs.
Custom manifolds, hose trays or cabinets, and equipment storage.
Custom manufactured goods are usually of high quality and more expensive than mass produced goods.
Custom maps to two metro Detroit locations.
Custom matching free standing fixtures are available.
Custom means more specialized work, so custom prices are higher.
Custom metallizing and plating processes are also available.
Custom microscope adapters require extended delivery time.
Custom miniatures to garden pots.
Custom mix any color to provide a speckled color pattern.
Custom mixes colors to match various paint surfaces.
Custom mixes for golf courses, baseball fields, etc, are also available upon request.
Custom models with larger capacity and additional tanks also are available.
Custom molded products include shower pans, soap dishes, windowsills and molding.
Custom molded wheels are incredibly strong and roll over most shop obstacles.
Custom mould work is offered to any specification if required.
Custom mounting brackets are available for dual-wheel trucks.
Custom mounting frames are available to meet specific customer application requirements.
Custom mounting kit sold separately, see applications below.
Custom name the fields.
Custom occupies a very special place in the ranks of Jewish authoritative teaching.
Custom order any domestic car.
Custom order any domestic make and model.
Custom ordered products are a final sale.
Custom ordering from the catalog is available.
Custom orders a specialty at no extra charge.
Custom orders a specialty.
Custom orders our specialty.
Custom packages for different lengths of stay, or different numbers of travelers are available.
Custom packages for mainland weddings, parties, and luaus are also available.
Custom packages our specialty.
Custom packages with condos.
Custom paddle wheel sizes and designs are available from Performance Trends.
Custom paint the inside of the clear model to match any vehicle for that custom look.
Custom painted finishes are available upon request.
Custom palettes, color balance, color similarity, brightness and contrast controls.
Custom panels a specialty.
Custom plans with major long distance carriers.
Custom plays an important role in Jewish life.
Custom plug in wiring.
Custom prescribes some indication of one's bereavement in their dress.
Custom prescribes that the number of dishes in the meal be odd, nine or eleven.
Custom printed calendars are one of the most effective forms of advertising.
Custom printed covers are available.
Custom printed film offers increased UV protection.
Custom printed mousepads are a unique business promotional item.
Custom printed strap is available.
Custom printouts, with specific data, plots, and curves are available.
Custom profiled hand rubbed necks are available in three nut widths.
Custom provides a way of keeping a balance within society.
Custom pull lengths available.
Custom quotes online.
Custom raise non-certified beef and club calves.
Custom ranges available.
Custom rebuild or engine exchange program.
Custom refuses to be reconciled to the mere marriage, unbeatified by a spectacular ceremony.
Custom regrinding and repelletizing are an integral part of our operation.
Custom renders the same practice imperative in the other Slave States.
Custom reports .
Custom reports dealing with a specific aspect of the PC card industry.
Custom reports easily created with readily available report writing tools.
Custom reports Table formats can be customized for each user.
Custom reports via spreadsheet software.
Custom reports, re-use or modify formats.
Custom requires a church to be free of debt before it is dedicated.
Custom requires people to reciprocate with a gift of equal value.
Custom requires that they be called to a palaver to be accused and to explain their actions.
Custom resources Imports external messages and address book.
Custom responses for a lot of server responses.
Custom responses to invalid data .
Custom return printing prints multiple copies of a return at once.
Custom returns, for less than standard depth.
Custom riflescopes Made in Germany.
Custom routines support repeating items.
Custom runout data formatting.
Custom saddle fitting.
Custom saddles available.
Custom saddles for less then some top quality stock saddles.
Custom saddles or chaps.
Custom sandblasting for sign shops is also available.
Custom sandwiches to eat-in or for a picnic.
Custom sauces, breast bites, fresh salads and more.
Custom says that flags fly from sunup to sundown.
Custom scales for elevation, volumetric and other calibrations are available.
Custom scarves made to order subject to minimums.
Custom scentingis available.
Custom screens every port, hatch and the companionway.
Custom scripts automatically attach headers and footers to each page.
Custom searches for agricultural communications references, within the collection or elsewhere.
Custom Searches How to create custom search pages for departmental or individual sites.
Custom select an assortment of candies.
Custom shading settings consist of various percentages of several possible color hues.
Custom shape the head.
Custom shapes available for an additional charge.
Custom shirts at online prices.
Custom shirts great for grandparents, parents, and teachers.
Custom show quality paint.
Custom shows geared toward business and corporate clients as well as private functions.
Custom sizes for all members of families.
Custom sizes on large orders.
Custom sizes on request.
Custom sizes to match competitor styles are available.
Custom sizes to meet all requirements are also available.
Custom sizes to suit Europe America and worldwide.
Custom sizes too for request.
Custom skins allow players to share their favorite themes with their friends.
Custom skins also available.
Custom skins and flag model.
Custom skins available.
Custom sounds are on their way.
Custom speeds for all regions are also available on a special order basis.
Custom spheres up to six feet in diameter are available upon request.
Custom spray jobs available, send picture or drawing .
Custom stacking features and tie-downs are also common.
Custom Stitches Specializes in portraits.
Custom stitching on rear is available.
Custom swear filtering option.
Custom syntheses such as modified bases and phosphorothioate chemistries are also available.
Custom tailor a package of cable TV channels and options.
Custom tailor each message using the link owners information.
Custom tailored coverage is often the best option.
Custom tailored to each families needs.
Custom tailored tours are available for groups of four or more.
Custom tailoring new garments usually takes approx.
Custom targeting an ad campaign increases exposure.
Custom tours a speciality.
Custom tours for from one to twenty people are available.
Custom tours on a variety of vessels available.
Custom tours to any destination are available.
Custom trim, end panels and other accessories are also available.
Custom urns for companion animals in decorated glass and high fired hand-thrown pottery.
Custom vars with no designated assignment function actually use the 'assign' routine, below.
Custom views on .
Custom vocabularies that individuals, companies, or other organizations define.
Custom wallplates with multiple connectors are also available.
Custom work a pleasure.
Custom work a specialty.
Custom work always a pleasure.
Custom work from prototype to production.
Custom work including weathervanes and finials.
Custom work only.
Custom work our specialty, often at little or no upcharge from regular pricing.
Custom works and scripts modifications.
Custom works available.
Custom written reports generally take three days to complete.
Custom zootsuits and rentals.
Customs accumulate over the years which sometimes get confused with real values.
Customs allow mutual masturbation provided no ejaculation is shown.
Customs also allows a person with a prescription to bring a three-month supply into the country.
Customs also build family identity.
Customs also faces constraints in law and in union agreements on how it uses staff.
Customs also grants certain reciprocal privileges.
Customs also has an explorer program.
Customs also has many internal users.
Customs also offers performance and career development training, and management opportunities.
Customs also provides some basic questions for specific Checklist topics.
Customs also require documentary proof of residence abroad and in Ireland.
Customs appear to have followed personal preference.
Customs are available with accurate deliveries.
Customs are duties.
Customs are effective in orderly way of social life, in execution of rules.
Customs are fairly quick at the arriving terminal.
Customs are general or particular customs.
Customs are habitual actions or practices.
Customs are harder to change than laws.
Customs are most important for the protection of domestic products.
Customs are our specialty.
Customs are practice.
Customs are practices passed down through the generations.
Customs are quite different around the world.
Customs are survival.
Customs are the regular habits and non-religious rituals of a local people.
Customs are to be respected in rural areas.
Customs are trade.
Customs bonded warehousing are available at selected ports of entry.
Customs can also impose a civil penalty.
Customs can be a policeman at the border to protect intellectual property rights.
Customs can be decisive here.
Customs can delay the delivery of important parts by weeks.
Customs can do the conversion on site.
Customs can give permission for the movement of such goods between approved premises.
Customs can select any delivery option that meets their needs.
Customs can sometimes create unexpected delays.
Customs come from heritage.
Customs come from nomadic heritage.
Customs concerning gift giving are extremely important to understand.
Customs concerning the exchange of business cards also vary.
Customs concerning the exchange of business cards vary, too.
Customs continually assesses forms and procedures with a view to instituting improvements.
Customs die hard.
Customs differ depending on race.
Customs enforces hundreds of laws and international agreements.
Customs enforces laws governing bills of lading.
Customs enforces laws regarding importation of livestock.
Customs Extremely lax.
Customs generally has two methods of examining goods depending on the type of merchandise.
Customs have no cosmic significance.
Customs here is impassive and efficient.
Customs make style.
Customs mandate now extends to the borderless world of cyberspace as well.
Customs now focuses on high risk targets and spot checks others.
Customs operate separately from, though in close consultation with, the police.
Customs randomly selects individuals for inspections to ensure compliance with U.S. laws.
Customs recognise that tax advisers have a duty of confidentiality to their clients.
Customs regarding tips and fees differ depending on the culture.
Customs related to death also have maritime correlatives.
Customs require an original and three copies.
Customs require that the head and a leg of the animal be given to the village chief.
Customs require the original.
Customs reverse ban on import of U.S. tobacco.
Customs tend to be conservative.
Customs then can use the resources saved to beef up interdiction.
Customs then reviews and liquidates the reconciliation and issues a single bill or refund.
Customs then sends the entry number and the entry status back to the rail carrier.
Customs use components.
Customs use identical components.
Customs vary among religions, ethnic groups, and localities.
Customs vary as to the number of candies to be lit.
Customs vary as to whether garb is worn at local meetings.
Customs vary from country to country, much as the donor, as to the giving of gifts.
Customs vary slightly from town to town and village to village.
Customs vary with ethnicity.
Customs welcomes input from potential offerors.
Custom frequently dictates two additional copies-one for the thesis advisor and one for the student.
Customs frequently is a favored tool of protectionists.
Customs often create a demand for new fashions.
All custom covers are purple and yellow.
All custom digitized orders include a free sewn sample.
All custom greeting card purchases are final.
All custom homes nearby.
All custom sizing and most upgrade options are available.
All custom work, online ordering.
Any custom combine, hay harvesting or sheep shearing operation.
Any custom combine, hay harvesting, or sheep shearing operation.
Many custom controls here.
Many custom features on the inside.
Many custom features.
Many customs are similar to Bangladesh but there are many different ones to learn and be aware of.
Many customs are unique to a specific community of group.
Many customs still remain .
Most custom designs ship in six to eight weeks.
Most customs come from heritage.
Most customs come from nomadic heritage.
Most customs make style.
Most customs use components.
Most customs use identical components.
Some custom designs well run a bit more.
Some custom searches for useful CD-ROM titles.
Some customs affect people.
Some customs offer a rich heritage of folk dances.
Some customs provide advantage.
Some customs relate to death.
Customary access is by foot or horseback.
Customary approaches are still important in rural areas.
Customary charges are in effect for medical care.
Customary charges are lower here than in the community.
Customary landowners face enormous pressure to sign agreements with logging companies.
Customary law applies to many children in South Africa.
Customary law are also sources of law.
Customary law can complement our existing traditional response on crime.
Customary law differs from formal law in a number of ways, including the fact that it is unwritten.
Customary law has a role to play as a management constraint.
Customary law has no definitive answer.
Customary law is essentially the law of civilized nations.
Customary law is from unwritten tribal practices.
Customary law is necessary in remote communities as it provides swift and effective punishment.
Customary law is supplemented by legislation.
Customary law is the default except when it conflicts with the constitution.
Customary law maintained by the self-interest of economic actors is quite sufficient.
Customary law tends to be insensitive to gender equity.
Customary laws vary from community to community.
Customary norms attach a substantial stigma to going to court, especially for women.
Customary practice is an important ingredient in what occurred.
Customary tenure is recognized and junior titles to land are proposed.
Customary titles are to be given in quotation marks.
Customary units exist in general conversation and for convenient approximations.
Custome finishes are available.
Customer accounts are available and can be set up for individuals as well as organizations.
Customer accounts are financial accounts.
Customer accounts are non-transferable.
Most customer accounts are routine.
Customer attrition has a multiplicative adverse effect on a firm's cost of doing business.
Customer attrition is an obvious detriment that can be mitigated with our solution.
Customer base are large aerospace and computer manufacturers.
Customer base consists of very large manufacturing facilities, school districts, hospitals, etc.
Customer base includes aerospace, automotive, and medical markets.
Customer base includes industrial and commercial accounts, painting contractors, and homeowners.
Customer base includes numerous Canadian and U.S. golf courses.
Customer base includes small, medium and large manufacturers.
Customer base is concentrated on the New York area.
Customer base is in New York.
Customer base is primarily small to large businesses.
Customer behavior appears to lack respect and responsibility for the learning process.
Customer behavior is hard to predict.
Customer behavior is often random.
Customer behavior is the final hard measure.
Customer behaviors don t conform to algorithms.
Customer care comes first, that's why our clients are our friends . . .
Customer care is a major issue throughout the service industries and in many other sectors.
Customer care is built into our overall continuous improvement program.
Customer care is high priority.
Customer care is just a series of automatic voices offering different services by number.
Customer care is labor intensive.
Customer care is our highest priority.
Customer care is our only business.
Customer care is paramount.
Customer care is something which has become worse and worse.
Customer care is the cornerstone of our business.
Customer care is the most serious part of our business.
Customer care is vital for retaining customers.
Customer care ranging our network computer staffing know eliminate outsourcing simple, client mind.
Customer care seems to a priority.
Some customer care is required.
Customer churn is a real issue and 'revenue assurance' has become the new industry buzzword.
Customer complaints are down, though.
Customer complaints are now at a record low.
Customer complaints are on the rise.
Customer complaints are similar.
Customer complaints are way up.
Customer complaints can fluster even the most seasoned professional.
Customer complaints can show where an enterprise needs work.
Customer complaints continue to break through to news outlets.
Customer complaints increase and satisfactory servicing becomes a problem.
Customer data are only useful when they are used as a starting point for improvement.
Customer data becomes more available and therefore more useful.
Customer data comes from a host of different channels, only one of which is the enterprise web site.
Customer data drives organizational change.
Customer data forms the foundation to build effective customer relationships.
Customer data is acquired from an on pack survey.
Customer data is backed up regularly and available at any time to the customer.
Customer data is confidential.
Customer data is cut into packets, each containing an address and error check information.
Customer data is protected by an extensive array of security technologies and skilled personnel.
Customer data is protected from unauthorized access at all times.
Customer data is stored in our database, which is kept behind firewalls for additional security.
Customer data is stored on our computer for future reference.
Customer data is transmitted in the odd numbered slots.
Customer data is used for internal purposes only.
Customer data resides in an external storage cabinet, accessed by a fiber-channel connection.
All customer data collected is protected against unauthorized access and use.
All customer data collected is used for internal purposes only, it is never shared or sold.
All customer data is backed up to tape on a daily basis.
All customer data is centralized and the reporting features are powerful.
All customer data is kept printed and filed.
All customer data is located in secure directories that require access authentication.
All customer data is protected against unauthorized access.
All customer data is stored on a secured server for performing secure transactions.
All customer data is stored on secure servers behind a firewall.
All customer data is treated confidentially.
Some customer data is shared between the advertiser and the advertising companies.
Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies on an aggregate basis.
Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies, but only in aggregate form.
Some customer data is shared with the advertising companies.
Some customer data is shared with the various advertising companies.
Customer defections have a surprisingly powerful impact on the bottom line.
Customer delight is of paramount importance to the culture of our company.
Customer engagements involve methodology analysis, test bench recommendation and problem solving.
Customer equity runs.
Customer experience equals brand .
Customer experience is critical.
Customer experience is founded on empathy with, and understanding of, the customer .
Customer experience is the actual thread that translates brand promise into brand equity.
Customer experience is the new brand.
Customer experience shows it is that and more.
Customer experiences prove they work.
Customer feedback can be a cheap and invaluable tool in creating a competitive edge.
Customer feedback can provide information on needed adjustments and improvements.
Customer feedback comes way too late in the process.
Customer feedback drives our business.
Customer feedback is a great direction-setting force in the uncertain world of the Internet.
Customer feedback is a leading contributor to our success.
Customer feedback is also an important driver of innovation.
Customer feedback is always encouraged.
Customer feedback is always welcome .
Customer feedback is always welcome.
Customer feedback is captured and retained.
Customer feedback is constant and welcomed.
Customer feedback is critical for any marketer.
Customer feedback is encouraged as the QMG strives to improve services and meet client needs.
Customer feedback is encouraged.
Customer feedback is extremely valuable information.
Customer feedback is given to let consumers identify companies that are reliable.
Customer feedback is helpful in refining our program.
Customer feedback is important and valuable in correcting the problems.
Customer feedback is important.
Customer feedback is indexed against the relevant distribution center or driver.
Customer feedback is indispensable to running a successful business.
Customer feedback is invited to suggest new products, etc.
Customer feedback is obtained by use of surveys, interviews, and focus groups.
Customer feedback is our greatest resource and the foundation of process improvement.
Customer feedback is our major source for new ideas and applications.
Customer feedback is reviewed weekly by our customer service team.
Customer feedback is solicited as part of the organization s assessment activities.
Customer feedback is taken seriously to improve the site over time.
Customer feedback is the most important element of customer service.
Customer feedback is used to hone the navigation and all other aspects as the development proceeds.
Customer feedback is vital to maintaining a helpful knowledge base.
Customer feedback is welcome.
Customer feedback plays an integral part in determining future system development for all modules.
Customer feedback provides insight into problems or overlooked design issues.
Customer feedback provides our best source of learning and therefore, improvement.
Customer feedback shows that fe-safe is very easy to use and extremely accurate.
Customer feedback Try the City of Austin Texas . . .
All customer feedback is analyzed to identify areas for improvement.
Customer knowledge can include what the customer values.
Customer knowledge is a strategic asset.
Customer knowledge is essential to successful implementation.
Customer knowledge is everything on the Web.
Customer knowledge is the centerpiece of success for today's marketers.
Customer loyalties are dead.
Customer loyalty can discourage potential entrants.
Customer loyalty comes from maintaining an incredibly high quality of service.
Customer loyalty develops as customers feel a connection with a company.
Customer loyalty does exist with regard to the Internet access business.
Customer loyalty grows.
Customer loyalty has to be earned.
Customer loyalty is a composite of a number of qualities.
Customer loyalty is a fragile thing.
Customer loyalty is a myth formed in the mist of our distant past.
Customer loyalty is a thing of the past.
Customer loyalty is all about relationship building.
Customer loyalty is an important issue to most businesses.
Customer loyalty is an outgrowth of customer satisfaction.
Customer loyalty is at an all-time low.
Customer loyalty is built on a stronger foundation of partnership, trust and rapport.
Customer loyalty is built on trust.
Customer loyalty is built through brand experience rather than brand name or brand recognition.
Customer loyalty is created when the customer develops a bond with people in the company.
Customer loyalty is evidenced through repeat orders.
Customer loyalty is harder to achieve.
Customer loyalty is harder to win, and there are still a few bugs in the system.
Customer loyalty is one of the big reasons our stores are expecting a good weekend.
Customer loyalty is one of the byproducts of our success.
Customer loyalty is one of the consequences of a sound customer satisfaction philosophy.
Customer loyalty is one of the top concerns facing CEOs today.
Customer loyalty is only in the first inning.
Customer loyalty is precious.
Customer loyalty is rooted in experiences.
Customer loyalty is something the Columbus, Ohio-based company takes very seriously.
Customer loyalty is still a very strong presence for any regional company.
Customer loyalty is the best barometer of future intentions.
Customer loyalty is the goal.
Customer loyalty is the key to retaining customers and driving profitability.
Customer loyalty is the responsibility of everyone within an organization.
Customer loyalty is the responsibility of everyone within the organization.
Customer loyalty is the top rung.
Customer loyalty is tougher to achieve.
Customer loyalty is vital to e-tail success.
Customer loyalty is.
Customer loyalty makes the market more stable.
Customer loyalty means more repeat business and less money spent on obtaining new customers.
Customer loyalty means nothing.
Customer loyalty seems to be something of epic proportions here.
Customer loyalty starts with contact.
Customer loyalty starts with top management.
Customer management is as important as customer acquisition to the sale.
Customer management is key here.
Customer migration can mean profit migration as well.
Customer migration is under way.
Customer needs are explored and detailed.
Customer newsletters are easy to create and distribute.
Customer newsletters open the lines of communications.
Customer orientation implies changes to business processes.
Customer orientation includes a responsive and service-oriented approach.
Customer privacy controls.
Customer privacy is a priority in the online commerce brought to the customer through our services.
Customer privacy is of the highest concern.
Customer privacy is taken very seriously by our staff and management.
Customer privacy regarding the content of all CD-ROMs is guaranteed.
Customer profiles describe products normally purchased, which speeds up order taking.
Customer profiles help determine if a market segment is large enough to be profitable.
Customer profitability gets closer to the answer.
Customer relations are as important as in conventional sales.
Customer relations are very important along with knowledge and people skills.
Customer relations begin with employee relations.
Customer relations can also be a problem with any high-priced strategy.
Customer relations can make or break a shop.
Customer relations Identify correct customer relations procedures.
Customer relations is an essential part of successful business today.
Customer relations is one of the most important parts of the job.
Customer relations is very critical.
Customer relationships are a company's most valuable assets-worth more than anything else.
Customer relationships are critical.
Customer relationships are paramount to success.
Customer relationships are so important.
Customer relationships are the fundamental source of value in the new customer economy.
Customer relationships are the lifeblood for every organization.
Customer relationships are, in themselves, a strategic concern.
Customer relationships can develop quickly when quality services are offered for a fair price.
Customer relationships count more than ever before.
Customer relationships drive our business.
Customer representatives are also available seven days a week.
Customer representatives use dumb terminals connected to the mainframe via a token ring network.
Customer requirements are always the primary directive.
Customer requirements are the driving factor in the development of our solutions.
Customer requirements are top priority.
Customer requirements are unique, sales cycles are long and competition is fierce.
Customer requirements evolve, technologies shift, products, markets and competition all change.
Customer retention becomes more and more difficult each day.
Customer retention depends on much more than a process of continually improving satisfaction.
Customer retention is a critical factor in profitability.
Customer retention is a huge incentive.
Customer retention is a paramount concern for most businesses.
Customer retention is a reality for organizations that do their jobs better than their competitors.
Customer retention is also high.
Customer retention is now the name of the game.
Customer retention is proactive.
Customer retention is the key to turning a profit for online businesses.
Customer retention is the lifeblood of any business.
Customer retention relies heavily on making the user s experience pleasant.
Customer reviews can also be a benefit to a business.
Customer satisfaction begins with employee satisfaction.
Customer satisfaction can directly affect store sales and profitability.
Customer satisfaction can overlook financial viability.
Customer satisfaction can suffer if inappropriate products are purchased.
Customer satisfaction comes first in our dedication to deliver superior service.
Customer satisfaction comes from listening and responding to customers' needs.
Customer satisfaction continues to remain very high.
Customer satisfaction creates market share leadership.
Customer satisfaction demands immediate despatch of the goods offered at the agreed price.
Customer satisfaction determines how much business they get.
Customer satisfaction drives enrollment, retention and contract renewals.
Customer satisfaction equals customer loyalty.
Customer satisfaction grows as businesses process orders more productively.
Customer satisfaction helps resell the facility, too.
Customer satisfaction includes customer attitudes about service quality and product offerings.
Customer satisfaction is a constantly rising bar.
Customer satisfaction is a corporate priority.
Customer satisfaction is a critical differentiating factor.
Customer satisfaction is a focal point of interest to all employees.
Customer satisfaction is a major focus of the company.
Customer satisfaction is a never-ending journey.
Customer satisfaction is a primary concern.
Customer satisfaction is a priority to our entire staff of professional and courteous chauffeurs.
Customer satisfaction is a priority.
Customer satisfaction is a relative term for each individual.
Customer satisfaction is a very important competitive tool.
Customer satisfaction is achieved when productivity in the workplace increases.
Customer satisfaction is also a key ingredient.
Customer satisfaction is also one of our major priorities.
Customer satisfaction is also one of the greatest challenges facing the industry.
Customer satisfaction is always a priority.
Customer satisfaction is always first and foremost with management and staff alike.
Customer satisfaction is always number one.
Customer satisfaction is always our first priority.
Customer satisfaction is always our highest priority.
Customer satisfaction is always our main concern.
Customer satisfaction is always our main goal.
Customer satisfaction is always our top priority.
Customer satisfaction is always the paramount goal within the company at all times.
Customer satisfaction is always their goal.
Customer satisfaction is an attitude.
Customer satisfaction is an essential part of the experience.
Customer satisfaction is an important reason why our company has grown quickly.
Customer satisfaction is an integral part of our business.
Customer satisfaction is an umbrella term used to reflect the customer's perspective.
Customer satisfaction is and always has been our primary purpose.
Customer satisfaction is another factor.
Customer satisfaction is another important part of the corporate culture.
Customer satisfaction is another priority.
Customer satisfaction is as much a part of their role as loading, stocking and driving safely.
Customer satisfaction is at an all-time high.
Customer satisfaction is believed assured.
Customer satisfaction is central to market to liberalisation.
Customer satisfaction is central to our company ethos.
Customer satisfaction is critical.
Customer satisfaction is determined by mail surveys.
Customer satisfaction is determined by performance against expectations.
Customer satisfaction is enhanced if the product mixes and performs as advertised.
Customer satisfaction is enhanced while costs are reduced.
Customer satisfaction is ensured through quality assurance monitoring and follow-up service calls.
Customer satisfaction is entirely up to the artist.
Customer satisfaction is essential with a startup.
Customer satisfaction is everyone's responsibility and affects every player's bottom line.
Customer satisfaction is everything.
Customer satisfaction is excellent due to the high quality of their work.
Customer satisfaction is exceptionally high.
Customer satisfaction is extremely high.
Customer satisfaction is first priority.
Customer satisfaction is fundamental.
Customer satisfaction is gauranteed.
Customer satisfaction is guaranteed and the overall competitive advantage is extended.
Customer satisfaction is guaranteed on all custom orders.
Customer satisfaction is guaranteed upon delivery.
Customer satisfaction is guaranteed.
Customer satisfaction is high and the company has a solid financial performance.
Customer satisfaction is high priority.
Customer satisfaction is high.
Customer satisfaction is important and instructors can offer a wide variety of classes.
Customer satisfaction is important.
Customer satisfaction is in fact a misnomer.
Customer satisfaction is increased due to superior ridgidity and longevity.
Customer satisfaction is increased in a number of ways.
Customer satisfaction is just the beginning of contribution.
Customer satisfaction is linked to employee attitudes.
Customer satisfaction is measured and analysed, as are the issues that influence loyalty.
Customer satisfaction is measured by many different standards.
Customer satisfaction is measured by written surveys and telephone interviews.
Customer satisfaction is more than just a phrase, it is the foundation a business is built on.
Customer satisfaction is more than just a promise.
Customer satisfaction is mostly a matter of personal preference.
Customer satisfaction is no accident.
Customer satisfaction is now table stakes.
Customer satisfaction is number one on our list of priorities.
Customer satisfaction is of paramount concern.
Customer satisfaction is of paramount importance.
Customer satisfaction is of primary importance.
Customer satisfaction is of prime importance.
Customer satisfaction is of the essence.
Customer satisfaction is of top priority.
Customer satisfaction is of utmost importance.
Customer satisfaction is often the driving force of innovation.
Customer satisfaction is on the rise and the company seems financially stable.
Customer satisfaction is one of our number one goals machines to achieve.
Customer satisfaction is our achievement.
Customer satisfaction is our aim at all times.
Customer satisfaction is our aim.
Customer satisfaction is our best advertisement.
Customer satisfaction is our best service, along with prompt delivery.
Customer satisfaction is our business and excellence is our way of doing it.
Customer satisfaction is our business.
Customer satisfaction is our charter.
Customer satisfaction is our commitment.
Customer satisfaction is our company's motto.
Customer satisfaction is our concern.
Customer satisfaction is our daily commitment.
Customer satisfaction is our first priority .
Customer satisfaction is our first priority.
Customer satisfaction is our First priority.
Customer satisfaction is our focus and foundation.
Customer satisfaction is our focus.
Customer satisfaction is our foremost concern.
Customer satisfaction is our foremost objective.
Customer satisfaction is our goal .
Customer satisfaction is our goal number one.
Customer satisfaction is our goal so strong interpersonal skills are important.
Customer satisfaction is our goal with each and every sale.
Customer satisfaction is our goal.
Customer satisfaction is our greatest goal.
Customer satisfaction is our guarantee.
Customer satisfaction is our highest priority in providing all products and services.
Customer satisfaction is our highest priority.
Customer satisfaction is our job.
Customer satisfaction is our long term objective.
Customer satisfaction is our main and only goal.
Customer satisfaction is our main concern and motto too.
Customer satisfaction is our main concerns.
Customer satisfaction is our main focus.
Customer satisfaction is our main goal and our business policies and procedures ensure that end.
Customer satisfaction is our main goal while working on their project.
Customer satisfaction is our main goal.
Customer satisfaction is our main objective.
Customer satisfaction is our main priority.
Customer satisfaction is our main task.
Customer satisfaction is our mission and our benchmark.
Customer satisfaction is our mission.
Customer satisfaction is our most important commitment.
Customer satisfaction is our most important goal.
Customer satisfaction is our MOST important goal.
Customer satisfaction is our most sincere wish.
Customer satisfaction is our motto shihua metallic yarn co., ltd.
Customer satisfaction is our motto.
Customer satisfaction is our number one concern.
Customer satisfaction is our number one goal.
Customer satisfaction is our Number One goal.
Customer satisfaction is our number one objective.
Customer satisfaction is our number one operating principle.
Customer satisfaction is our number one priority.
Customer satisfaction is our number one product.
Customer satisfaction is our number one service priority.
Customer satisfaction is our number-one concern.
Customer satisfaction is our objective.
Customer satisfaction is our one of main concerns.
Customer satisfaction is our primary aim.
Customer satisfaction is our primary concern.
Customer satisfaction is our primary focus.
Customer satisfaction is our primary goal .
Customer satisfaction is our primary goal in every project.
Customer satisfaction is our primary goal.
Customer satisfaction is our primary measure of success.
Customer satisfaction is our primary objective.
Customer satisfaction is our prime directive.
Customer satisfaction is our prime focus.
Customer satisfaction is our prime objective.
Customer satisfaction is our priority and is the reason why our company is continuously growing.
Customer satisfaction is our priority.
Customer satisfaction is our reality.
Customer satisfaction is our reward.
Customer satisfaction is our specialty.
Customer satisfaction is our top concern.
Customer satisfaction is our top priority so position also requires sales skills.
Customer satisfaction is our top priority.
Customer satisfaction is our ultimate goal.
Customer satisfaction is our watchword.
Customer satisfaction is our way of doing business.
Customer satisfaction is out number one priority for out casino members.
Customer satisfaction is paramount to our existence as a leading provider of foam shapes.
Customer satisfaction is paramount to our success.
Customer satisfaction is paramount to the success of our business.
Customer satisfaction is paramount.
Customer satisfaction is part of the bonus plan for hourly employees.
Customer satisfaction is probably our strongest asset, right behind superior products.
Customer satisfaction is provided through superior product and service.
Customer satisfaction is reflected in their high industry-leading ratings and referral business.
Customer satisfaction is represented in the testimonials below.
Customer satisfaction is seen as the company's highest priority.
Customer satisfaction is something the staff attend to with passion and attention to detail.
Customer satisfaction is still the name of the game.
Customer satisfaction is taken very seriously here.
Customer satisfaction is the absolute bedrock of our business.
Customer satisfaction is the basic premise of Spectrum s policies and procedures.
Customer satisfaction is the basis of our business.
Customer satisfaction is the basis of our continued success.
Customer satisfaction is the benchmark to our success.
Customer satisfaction is the cornerstone of our cable descramble business.
Customer satisfaction is the cornerstone of our success in the market place.
Customer satisfaction is the cornerstone of the business.
Customer satisfaction is the effect.
Customer satisfaction is the foundation on which Making It Big is built.
Customer satisfaction is the goal of most change strategies.
Customer satisfaction is the goal of our business.
Customer satisfaction is the goal of our service.
Customer satisfaction is the goal of quality improvement .
Customer satisfaction is the goal, external and internal.
Customer satisfaction is the highest priority.
Customer satisfaction is the key focus throughout the project lifecycle.
Customer satisfaction is the key goal.
Customer satisfaction is the key measure of becoming a quality leader in our industry.
Customer satisfaction is the key to an independent agent's livelihood.
Customer satisfaction is the key to establishing life-long customer relationships.
Customer satisfaction is the key to our continued success.
Customer satisfaction is the key to our success.
Customer satisfaction is the key to repeat visitors and continued sales.
Customer satisfaction is the key.
Customer satisfaction is the main objective driving all our activities.
Customer satisfaction is the main reason behind the new badges.
Customer satisfaction is the most basic philosophy behind our company.
Customer satisfaction is the most important aspect in our company.
Customer satisfaction is the most important aspect of our business.
Customer satisfaction is the most important key factor for our future growth.
Customer satisfaction is the most important part of our business.
Customer satisfaction is the number one priority.
Customer satisfaction is the objective.
Customer satisfaction is the paramount objective.
Customer satisfaction is the paramount purpose for all company activities.
Customer satisfaction is the primary goal of every member of our team.
Customer satisfaction is the primary goal of every member of the team.
Customer satisfaction is the primary goal of the firm.
Customer satisfaction is the principal goal in achieving profitability.
Customer satisfaction is the reason for our success.
Customer satisfaction is the result of a job accomplished by experienced journeyman painters.
Customer satisfaction is the single most important factor for real estate success.
Customer satisfaction is the single most important measurement for any product.
Customer satisfaction is the source of employee, shareholder, supplier and community benefits.
Customer satisfaction is the standard of performance to serve our future.
Customer satisfaction is the starting point of our business.
Customer satisfaction is the top our priorities.
Customer satisfaction is the top priority of all of our employees.
Customer satisfaction is the top priority of every employee and the purpose of every job.
Customer satisfaction is the top value of our business.
Customer satisfaction is the ultimate goal.
Customer satisfaction is the ultimate measure of our success.
Customer satisfaction is the utmost importance and always comes first.
Customer satisfaction is the watchword.
Customer satisfaction is their number one priority.
Customer satisfaction is their primary aim.
Customer satisfaction is their top priority.
Customer satisfaction is their utmost concern.
Customer satisfaction is through the roof.
Customer satisfaction is top priority.
Customer satisfaction is very important to our family.
Customer satisfaction is very important, thus our liberal return policy .
Customer satisfaction is what matters.
Customer satisfaction is why over seventy percent of our business is either repeat or referral.
Customer satisfaction is worthless.
Customer satisfaction leads to loyalty.
Customer satisfaction leads to profitability.
Customer satisfaction means fast response and quick resolutions.
Customer satisfaction occurs because quality control is maintained by close client supervision.
Customer satisfaction occurs when service meets or exceeds expectations.
Customer satisfaction plays a key role on a few different levels.
Customer satisfaction plays an important role in building businesses.
Customer satisfaction ranks among the highest of all heating and cooling systems.
Customer satisfaction ranks number one in our service.
Customer satisfaction remains among the highest in the nation.
Customer satisfaction remains our top priority.
Customer satisfaction remains our utmost priority.
Customer satisfaction remains very high.
Customer satisfaction requires the timely delivery of equipment and services with superior value.
Customer satisfaction seems to be their motto.
Customer satisfaction starts with a written program or service log.
Customer satisfaction supports sales.
Customer service departments make assessments.
Customer service representatives interact with customers.
Customer service representatives provide information.
Customer service representatives receive skills.
Customer service representatives receive specific skills.
Customer service representatives respond to customers.
Customer service representatives seek growth opportunity.
Customer service representatives seek opportunity.
Customer service representatives to provide information.
Customer service representatives use telephones.
Customer service representatives work full time.
Customer service representatives work time.
Customer service becomes a serious burden in the micropayment world.
Customer service becomes increasingly important in a competitive educational market.
Customer service becomes needlessly difficult.
Customer service begins with serving the needs of our employees.
Customer service bites the dust.
Customer service can analyze workload, scheduling, and effectiveness of customer support.
Customer service can answer installation and technical questions.
Customer service can be indifferent.
Customer service can be skimpy and local access numbers scarce.
Customer service can make or break a company.
Customer service can only go so far - especially if the product is causing all the problems.
Customer service can produce headaches, caused mostly by irate callers.
Customer service can render the process empowering and positive or aggravating and draining.
Customer service comes first, Congressionally mandated procurement policies finish second.
Customer service comes first.
Customer service continues to be our focus.
Customer service continues to decline.
Customer service continues to get worse.
Customer service covers all the customer's needs and expectations.
Customer service creates profits.
Customer service depends on team co-operation.
Customer service differs greatly among brokers.
Customer service drives our planning, decision making and use of resources.
Customer service drives our planning, decision making processes and use of resources.
Customer service equals satisfaction equals loyalty equals more business equals increased profits.
Customer service experiences a plus.
Customer service gives personal assistance to customers.
Customer service goes beyond the physical location of a business.
Customer service guides all of our decisions.
Customer service has dollars attached to it.
Customer service has the potential to be tricky as well.
Customer service has to be a total company effort.
Customer service has to be more than a slogan.
Customer service has to be the cornerstone of our existence.
Customer service has to become our primary mission.
Customer service has to have access to the customer marketing database.
Customer service includes email and phone support, which is a good safety feature.
Customer service includes support and answers to questions needed, at any time.
Customer service includes the way in which claims are paid.
Customer service insures the long term.
Customer service involves helping the customer upon their entrance into the store.
Customer service is a big part of our business.
Customer service is a bit like apple pie - impossible to criticise.
Customer service is a continuous process and is a reason for our work.
Customer service is a core value in any given business.
Customer service is a cornerstone of our mission.
Customer service is a critical component.
Customer service is a dynamic process.
Customer service is a dynamic, changing, ongoing process.
Customer service is a feedback loop.
Customer service is a fundamental obligation.
Customer service is a good investment.
Customer service is a hallmark of successful purebred programs.
Customer service is a high priority and most emails are answered within one hour.
Customer service is a high-yield investment.
Customer service is a important element of any business.
Customer service is a key differentiator for most businesses.
Customer service is a key ingredient for successful business.
Customer service is a key ingredient in our philosophy.
Customer service is a key part of the deli's success.
Customer service is a key part of the shopping experience.
Customer service is a major component of the library s management strategy.
Customer service is a major factor in choosing to partner with any affiliate program.
Customer service is a number one priority and available in six languages .
Customer service is a number one priority at the bookstore.
Customer service is a part of medical readiness.
Customer service is a primary competitive difference for the company.
Customer service is a priority and it has to be done right.
Customer service is a priority of our town.
Customer service is a priority.
Customer service is a real priority.
Customer service is a separate department which handles non-technical customer questions.
Customer service is a strategic tool for the entire business model and for customer satisfaction.
Customer service is a strong element of each project.
Customer service is a success factor in our warehouse.
Customer service is a team effort.
Customer service is a top priority for businesses around the world.
Customer service is a top priority that our staff provides to our clients in an efficient manner.
Customer service is a top priority, coupled with responsible manufacturing in all phases.
Customer service is a top priority.
Customer service is a touch-tone telephone.
Customer service is a vital part of any business.
Customer service is a wonderful training ground.
Customer service is about average.
Customer service is about fixing the customer's problem.
Customer service is about getting the job done well.
Customer service is about treating people right.
Customer service is absolutely critical.
Customer service is absolutely first rate and the discs come thru the mail promptly.
Customer service is adequate.
Customer service is all about relationship.
Customer service is also a focus of the proposed DCSS organizational design.
Customer service is also a priority.
Customer service is also central to our business philosophy.
Customer service is also fantastic.
Customer service is also important to offline brands using the Internet.
Customer service is also important.
Customer service is also our top priority.
Customer service is also responsible for job posting quality control.
Customer service is also the face of the company, the people who talk to the customer.
Customer service is also very important in our district.
Customer service is always a priority.
Customer service is always first.
Customer service is always important.
Customer service is always just a click away, ready and willing to help.
Customer service is always our number one priority.
Customer service is among the highest priorities.
Customer service is among the poorest.
Customer service is an area that truly separates iias from our competition.
Customer service is an attitude thing.
Customer service is an important aspect of our business.
Customer service is an important aspect of the conference staff positions.
Customer service is an important element in the management role of an electric cooperative.
Customer service is an important factor being evaluated.
Customer service is an important factor in our success.
Customer service is an important function in customer retention.
Customer service is an increasingly critical aspect of customer procurement and customer retention.
Customer service is an increasingly important aspect of customer procurement and customer retention.
Customer service is an integral part of the TREC mission.
Customer service is an obvious example.
Customer service is an ongoing issue in American business.
Customer service is an ongoing process.
Customer service is another area in which the firm excels.
Customer service is another area recruiters expect to become hot.
Customer service is another essential feature for any successful company.
Customer service is another hurdle facing e-tailers.
Customer service is another issue.
Customer service is another stated operating guideline for the agency.
Customer service is at the base of all technical activities.
Customer service is at the forefront of our business.
Customer service is at the heart of our business.
Customer service is at the top of the list of priorities to guarantee customer satisfaction.
Customer service is at the top of the priority list for many business and IT executives.
Customer service is available by phone or online.
Customer service is available either via telephone or email during normal business hours.
Customer service is available in both languages.
Customer service is available only through e-mail.
Customer service is available round the clock.
Customer service is available to resolve any discrepancies.
Customer service is available worldwide via phone, e-mail or Web.
Customer service is available.
Customer service is bad.
Customer service is based on personalized relationships and individual responsiveness.
Customer service is better than it was prior to filing and our communications are better.
Customer service is better than they used to be, by far.
Customer service is built on having the right person for the right position.
Customer service is certainly their first concern.
Customer service is clearly underdeveloped.
Customer service is comprised of five teams, each composed of two financial aid advisers.
Customer service is covered along with an emphasis upon management of front office personnel.
Customer service is critical.
Customer service is crucial for a business to be successful.
Customer service is crucial to the success of a business community.
Customer service is currently and always has been our first priority.
Customer service is deluged with calls from confused and angry customers.
Customer service is different, too.
Customer service is emphasized in word and deed.
Customer service is emphasized throughout the course.
Customer service is enhanced because lost calls are virtually eliminated.
Customer service is enhanced with use of cookies.
Customer service is enhanced, administrative expense is reduced.
Customer service is equal in priority to our excellence in housekeeping.
Customer service is essential for satisfaction.
Customer service is essential in creating a pleasant environment for all patrons.
Customer service is essential to the success of any organization.
Customer service is everyone's main concern.
Customer service is everything.
Customer service is excellent, professional, and genuinely concerned with customer satisfaction.
Customer service is excellent.
Customer service is exceptional.
Customer service is first and foremost.
Customer service is first rate as well and the people are great to deal with.
Customer service is first.
Customer service is friendly and available via phone, fax, e-mail, or regular mail.
Customer service is good under bad conditions.
Customer service is good, and quoted prices all include delivery.
Customer service is good.
Customer service is handled from the distribution center too.
Customer service is handled locally in our main office.
Customer service is iffy, often linked to voice-mail hell.
Customer service is important at each stage of the production network.
Customer service is important in attracting, building, and retaining customers.
Customer service is important, too.
Customer service is important.
Customer service is in no way mutually exclusive to program mission and results.
Customer service is intangible and, therefore, immeasurable.
Customer service is integral to our operation.
Customer service is just one area in which information technology has become important.
Customer service is just one area that has seen drastic operational improvement.
Customer service is just one of the many functions of our sales people.
Customer service is key to our success.
Customer service is key to success.
Customer service is key to the success of a business.
Customer service is key.
Customer service is king.
Customer service is knowledgeable and provides fast delivery.
Customer service is like the cleanup crew after the party.
Customer service is limited, but the user interface is straightforward.
Customer service is mandated from the top down.
Customer service is marketing and conversely, marketing is customer service.
Customer service is Misty Morn's main objective.
Customer service is more efficient and so is the use of staff time.
Customer service is more likely to just answer simple, general questions.
Customer service is more than just a smile.
Customer service is more than just lip service.
Customer service is more than the name of a department.
Customer service is nearly nonexistent in most businesses.
Customer service is never more than a phone call away.
Customer service is non existent.
Customer service is non-existant.
Customer service is now critical to differentiate in a competitive market.
Customer service is number one and excellent references are available upon request.
Customer service is obviously crucial to success, and a priority at any time.
Customer service is of our utmost concern.
Customer service is of prime concern.
Customer service is of the utmost importance in mail order.
Customer service is on the ball.
Customer service is on the decline in many retail environments.
Customer service is on the top of every business priority list.
Customer service is on the Web.
Customer service is one of our main priorities and satisfaction is guaranteed.
Customer service is one of our top priorities.
Customer service is one of the key ingredients in any successful business.
Customer service is one of the main things people remember about any location.
Customer service is one of the most important aspects of a business.
Customer service is one of the most important aspects of that experience.
Customer service is one of their highest priorities.
Customer service is our advantage over the competition.
Customer service is our aim.
Customer service is our best quality.
Customer service is our biggest goal.
Customer service is our cornerstone.
Customer service is our first and foremost priority.
Customer service is our first priority.
Customer service is our focus now'.
Customer service is our future.
Customer service is our goal.
Customer service is our greatest concern.
Customer service is our greatest niche.
Customer service is our guarantee.
Customer service is our highest and most important priority.
Customer service is our highest priority.
Customer service is our main concern.
Customer service is our main goal along with great and innovative web designing.
Customer service is our main mission secondary only to quality health care.
Customer service is our main motto.
Customer service is our main priority.
Customer service is our mainstay.
Customer service is our middle name.
Customer service is our mission and customer satisfaction our purpose.
Customer service is our mission.
Customer service is our most important job.
Customer service is our most important priority.
Customer service is our most important product.
Customer service is our number one concern.
Customer service is our number one goal.
Customer service is our number one objective.
Customer service is our number one priority .
Customer service is our number one priority.
Customer service is our Number One Priority.
Customer service is our primary concern in looking at possible changes in service.
Customer service is our primary concern.
Customer service is our primary goal.
Customer service is our primary mission and bureaucracy is left to the traditional lenders.
Customer service is our primary.
Customer service is our principle business consideration.
Customer service is our priority.
Customer service is our specialty.
Customer service is our strength.
Customer service is our top priority.
Customer service is our utmost priority.
Customer service is our way of life.
Customer service is our.
Customer service is outstanding.
Customer service is paid attention to every day.
Customer service is paramount to a successful business.
Customer service is paramount when problems arise.
Customer service is paramount.
Customer service is part of marketing.
Customer service is personalized by our staff of knowledgeable and dedicated salespeople.
Customer service is pretty good and some of the staff are really helpful.
Customer service is primary, selling is secondary.
Customer service is probably always the most important thing in any business.
Customer service is probably the most challenging aspect of doing business in the present market.
Customer service is probably the most important of all.
Customer service is provided by e-mail , fax or postal mail and no longer over the phone.
Customer service is provided by the respective companies.
Customer service is provided through many different locations.
Customer service is provided.
Customer service is reactive.
Customer service is really the only way to go.
Customer service is responsive and friendly.
Customer service is second to none.
Customer service is so so.
Customer service is something many companies take for granted.
Customer service is spotty.
Customer service is still necessary and important.
Customer service is superb.
Customer service is taken very seriously, and with good reason.
Customer service is terrible.
Customer service is the backbone of all businesses.
Customer service is the best investment a firm can make for retaining existing customers.
Customer service is the bottom line.
Customer service is the business.
Customer service is the core competency of outsourced customer care providers.
Customer service is the core of the program.
Customer service is the corner stone of our business and relations.
Customer service is the cornerstone in our team approach for delivering the highest quality of care.
Customer service is the cornerstone of business success.
Customer service is the cornerstone of our business.
Customer service is the district's watchword, and it works.
Customer service is the first point of contact for many customers.
Customer service is the focus of any retail job.
Customer service is the foundation of our business.
Customer service is the foundation of our company.
Customer service is the foundation of our success.
Customer service is the foundation the company was built upon.
Customer service is the key behind years of satisfied customers.
Customer service is THE key element in the satisfaction of our clients.
Customer service is the key to business north or south of the border.
Customer service is the key to keeping clients happy, several area banking officers contend.
Customer service is the key to our company.
Customer service is the key to our success.
Customer service is the KEY to success.
Customer service is the key.
Customer service is the most important aspect of any retail establishment.
Customer service is the most important aspect of any successful retailer.
Customer service is the most important assett of any company.
Customer service is the most important element in growing online sales.
Customer service is the most important facet of our business.
Customer service is the most important in our business.
Customer service is the most resource-intensive part of any business, traditional or otherwise.
Customer service is the name of the game for e-commerce sites.
Customer service is the name of the game.
Customer service is the number one priority.
Customer service is the only way to maintain the edge needed.
Customer service is the operative phrase of the secretary of state's office.
Customer service is the primary subject matter.
Customer service is the priority here.
Customer service is the priority of our company.
Customer service is the priority.
Customer service is the small businesses' secret weapon against the e-commerce big boys.
Customer service is the sole responsibility of the seller.
Customer service is the top priority with our staff.
Customer service is their greatest priority.
Customer service is their key strength.
Customer service is their main concern so shop freely.
Customer service is their number one priority.
Customer service is their specialty.
Customer service is through on-line chat or over the phone.
Customer service is top notch.
Customer service is undoubtedly a vital part of any business.
Customer service is up.
Customer service is useless and tech support people are ultimately cocky.
Customer service is very important in all businesses.
Customer service is very important part that a lot of companies leave out.
Customer service is very important to our members.
Customer service is very important to supervisors.
Customer service is very important.
Customer service is very poor as well.
Customer service is very professional and helpful.
Customer service is very, very important.
Customer service is vital to providing quality service.
Customer service is Web-based, and phone support is provided as well.
Customer service is what distinguishes our company from the competition.
Customer service is what drives our industry teams to be the best.
Customer service is what most companies put on the back burner.
Customer service is, with some notable exceptions, poor.
Customer service is. anniversary gift .
Customer service is. sweetest day gift .
Customer service is.
Customer service kills.
Customer service knows the product inside and out and is fully staffed.
Customer service leaves a great deal to be desired.
Customer service makes sure they stay and keep coming back.
Customer service means building a service relationship based on credibility.
Customer service means dealing with customers.
Customer service means everything to intes.net.
Customer service meets the Web.
Customer service needs to start from the top of the organization.
Customer service pays in terms of improved morale, repeat business and improved teamwork.
Customer service pays off in higher profits.
Customer service plays a key role in attracting prospects and retaining current customers.
Customer service plays an even bigger role in business when selling products on the Web.
Customer service ranks as our store's leading accomplishment.
Customer service remains a key focus.
Customer service reps photograph cars, do condition reports, arrange previews, and assist customers.
Customer service reps with previous call center experience.
Customer service requires both the technical and the human skills to be successful.
Customer service retains business.
Customer service says another month.
Customer service seems a little on the light side.
Customer service seems to be the biggest issue.
Customer service seems to work fine as well, with quick e-mail replies, which is very good.
Customer service sends the ticket to central dispatch.
Customer service sets the specification for logistics system design.
Customer service skills a plus.
Customer service skills with a dedication to customer support.
Customer service solutoins for e-commerce.
Customer service starts at the top, bottom and middle of each organization.
Customer service starts with each other.
Customer service stinks.
Customer service suffers.
Customer service takes many forms.
Customer service takes more than words.
Customer service takes on a whole new meaning in the world of e-commerce.
Customer service takes on a whole new meaning.
Customer service takes practice and experience.
Customer service wants to have the order information at their fingertips when a call comes in.
Customer service wins .
Customer services are a priority here.
Customer services are part of jobs.
Customer services continue to expand to accommodate every taxpayer.
Customer services is all about supporting our customers.
Customer services is essential as well as a positive work attitude.
Customer services is superior.
Customer services is there to guide, and help, and channel the request to the right party.
Customer services provide assistance.
All customer service is provided in English only.
All customer service is provided to a single contact person.
All customer service is provided.
Most customer service calls to paging companies are due to lapses in service.
Most customer services provide assistance.
Customer success is achieved through products and services that have long-term value.
Customer success is our priority.
Customer successes continue to grow.
Customer support can be one of the most stressful jobs in an organisation.
Customer support consists only of frequently asked questions and an e-mail response form.
Customer support continues to be as strong as it always has been, both by voice and E-mail.
Customer support includes a tech info library, software updates and downloadable user's manuals.
Customer support includes FAQs, a searchable solution database and live suport.
Customer support includes online users manuals, FAQs and online order status.
Customer support includes signage, display baskets and display cases.
Customer support includes troubleshooting Q and A s, warranty information and a service locator.
Customer support is a joke.
Customer support is also a primary concern in selecting a vendor.
Customer support is also available.
Customer support is also equally important.
Customer support is also free.
Customer support is also poor or virtually non-existent most of the time.
Customer support is also very good.
Customer support is an email or phone call away and was praised by the practitioners interviewed.
Customer support is an important part of remaining a price leader.
Customer support is available by email and telephone.
Customer support is available by email with same day response.
Customer support is available by phone or e-mail.
Customer support is available during normal UK office hours.
Customer support is available for all customers that purchase maintenance on our products.
Customer support is available for any questions regarding the service.
Customer support is available from the vendor during library working hours.
Customer support is available from the vendor during the library's working hours.
Customer support is available online and via telephone.
Customer support is available through similar programmed and live operator systems.
Customer support is available to assist in installing the product.
Customer support is available via e-mail.
Customer support is available via our toll-free number.
Customer support is available via Web, e-mail and phone.
Customer support is available.
Customer support is contacted by the clients.
Customer support is critical.
Customer support is crucial to the equation.
Customer support is crucially important.
Customer support is definitely one of the company's strengths.
Customer support is dialogue.
Customer support is enhanced and maintained by an adjunct education program.
Customer support is entirely via e mail and one of the big factors in keeping their costs low.
Customer support is excellent, and new features get added regularly.
Customer support is exceptionally good, fast, and friendly.
Customer support is free.
Customer support is friendly, rapid, and excellent.
Customer support is given by our team of experience professionals across the world.
Customer support is great and always had answers.
Customer support is immediate and local.
Customer support is improved.
Customer support is included in the price of a subscription.
Customer support is key to our success.
Customer support is lame.
Customer support is now the new frontier for differentiation and profitability.
Customer support is one of our prime sales tools.
Customer support is our number one priority and internet technology is our specialty.
Customer support is our number one priority.
Customer support is our primary interest.
Customer support is outstanding.
Customer support is part of our professional product delivery.
Customer support is provided at no additional cost.
Customer support is provided by the vendor of each application.
Customer support is provided for Internet problems only.
Customer support is provided via the Web, e-mail, and live chat.
Customer support is really excellent.
Customer support is staffed with individuals who have been in the travel industry for many years.
Customer support is superb.
Customer support is support.
Customer support is the backbone of the Internet.
Customer support is the key factor of our service.
Customer support is therefore an integral part of our business.
Customer support is thin, offering too little and too late.
Customer support is very easy to reach and the site is well presented.
Customer support is very important for succeeding in the Japanese market.
Customer support is very important.
Customer support is vital to the maker of orthopedic products, as are safety and reliability.
Customer support is what it is all about.
Customer support is world class.
Customer support varies dramatically by vendor.
All customer support is offered through our certified dealer network.
Customer surveys are a daily fact of life for all successful service and sales organizations.
Customer surveys are also an integral part of their testing strategy.
Customer surveys are another method that just about everyone uses.
Customer surveys are one way to measure the return on investment of Web efforts.
Customer surveys are our report cards.
Customer surveys can also point to changing demand for new products.
Customer surveys can identify factors that are most predictive of customer risk and loyalty.
Customer surveys indicate that many salespeople project rudeness, apathy and disinterest.
Customer surveys is one of the ways to consult users.
Customer surveys offer at least two advantages.
Customer surveys reveal statistically accurate and quantifiable results.
Every customer survey shows that one of the most important things to buyers is trust.
Customer value is a function of speed, cost, and performance.
Customer value is the basis upon which all business success is built and it is being forgotten.
Customer value is the benefits less the costs.
Customer value reflects benefits and costs.
A customer is a consumer
Customer accepts ALL responsibility for confirmation of cancellation.
Customer accesses secure ordering page.
Customer accounts for returning customers.
Customer accounts module.
Customer acknowledges and accepts all risks.
Customer acknowledges each of the following by initialing on the line after the statement.
Customer acknowledges reading and agreeing to all the terms set forth herein.
Customer acknowledges that it is the intent of the parties that . . .
Customer acknowledges that no other agreements, whether verbal or written, are in effect.
Customer acknowledges that the funds committed are purely risk capital.
Customer adds graphics to the system.
Customer agrees that all setup and installation fees are non-refundable once setup is completed.
Customer agrees that use of the service is entirely at customer's own risk.
Customer agrees to a contract of the term specified below, beginning upon commencement of service.
Customer agrees to a contract of the terms specified below.
Customer agrees to abide at all times by SMIPc s then current policies.
Customer agrees to abide by the description of the class of service which they purchase.
Customer agrees to abide by the terms of all such software licenses.
Customer agrees to abide the laws of the United States and any applicable state laws.
Customer agrees to assume risk in transmitting confidential information.
Customer agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth below.
Customer agrees to be fully responsible for all content.
Customer agrees to comply with such requests.
Customer agrees to conduct the event in an orderly manner.
Customer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Sperience.
Customer agrees to forfeit free month if yearly term is cancelled.
Customer agrees to indemnify MNET against liability for any and all use of customer's account.
Customer agrees to jurisdiction by the state and federal courts sitting in The State of Oklahoma.
Customer agrees to limit their use of the services to a single residence or business.
Customer agrees to maintain a secure password to the account.
Customer agrees to maintain password as private and confidential information.
Customer agrees to maintain sufficient credit limit on the card used to secure payment.
Customer agrees to one-time rental.
Customer agrees to pay a fee for processing unpaid checks or rejected credit cards.
Customer agrees to pay all charges incurred.
Customer agrees to pay all charges necessary to create camera-ready artwork.
Customer agrees to pay all charges necessary to put the text into an acceptable format.
Customer agrees to pay all costs including attorney's and collection fees for delinquent accounts.
Customer agrees to pay an order-processing fee at time of acceptance.
Customer agrees to pay and otherwise be fully responsible for any such taxes.
Customer agrees to pay any additional charges assessed by customs or by value added taxes.
Customer agrees to pay collection charges incurred.
Customer agrees to pay for services rendered according to the current billing policies.
Customer agrees to pay in a timely fashion for services requested and rendered.
Customer agrees to pay interest on all past due sums at the highest rate law allows.
Customer agrees to pay interest on all past-due sums at the annual rate of eighteen percent.
Customer agrees to pay such late fees.
Customer agrees to pay the bill amount in full by terms stated on invoice.
Customer agrees to provide access to their equipment for the purposes of news server comparisons.
Customer agrees to reference the invoice number when payment is remitted.
Customer agrees to refrain from mass, unsolicited emailing.
Customer agrees to refrain from sending mass, unsolicited e-mail messages.
Customer agrees to sign up for an adult plan if their site has any legal adult content or warez.
Customer agrees to submit payment for all statements upon receipt.
Customer agrees to the fees, billing procedures and payment schedule set forth herein.
Customer agrees to the terms and conditions listed above.
Customer agrees to use account in a way that conforms with all applicable laws and regulations.
Customer agrees to use Internet access only for lawful purposes.
Customer agrees to use the service in a manner consistent with all applicable laws.
Customer agrees to use the service in a manner consistent with an and all applicable laws.
Customer agrees to use the service in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws.
Customer agrees to use the service provided by in a manner consistent with law.
Customer agrees to utilize appropriate protocols for all data transmissions.
Customer agrees to utilize appropriate protocols for data transmissions.
Customer applies to manufacturer for rebate.
Customer approves all charges before work is done.
Customer are responsible for all duties and import taxes.
Customer assumes all liability and risk out of the use of high performance products.
Customer assumes all liability in usage of equipment.
Customer assumes all responsibilities for insuring legal use of their system.
Customer assumes all responsibility for application, fit, and suitability for intended use.
Customer assumes all responsibility for duties or other taxes.
Customer assumes all responsibility for loss and for damage.
Customer assumes all responsibility for return shipping and insurance.
Customer assumes all return freight.
Customer assumes all risk and all liability when renting and using equipment.
Customer assumes all risk and liability of it use of the Internet.
Customer assumes all risks and liability.
Customer assumes all shipping costs to manufacturers.
Customer assumes entire risk as to the quality and performance of the software.
Customer assumes full responsibility and risk for their use of the dedicated server.
Customer assumes full responsibility for making a back-up of any information posted to our servers.
Customer assumes full responsibility for the above.
Customer assumes liability at that point.
Customer assumes responsibility for any customs duty if applicable.
Customer assumes responsibility for any shipping charges on returns.
Customer assumes responsibility for correctness of imprint and layout.
Customer assumes responsibility for final assembly and testing.
Customer assumes responsibility for images submitted.
Customer assumes responsibility for return shipping charges.
Customer assumes responsibility for spelling and syntax on all text files supplied.
Customer assumes responsibility to resolve issue with manufacturer of the product.
Customer assumes shipping costs to return merchandise.
Customer assumes shipping costs.
Customer assumes the responsibility for any required notification to conference call participants.
Customer assumes total responsibility and risk for client's use of the service and the Internet.
Customer assumes total responsibility for orders placed by phone.
Customer assumes total responsibility for their use of Internet services in general.
Customer bears risk of loss or damage during shipment.
Customer bears sole responsibility for all shipping costs.
Customer belongs to the affiliate forever.
Customer benefits An objective analysis.
Customer bleed air passes through the bleed air valve located inside the module.
Customer breaks terms or makes partial remittance.
Customer buys machine.
Customer buys product.
Customer can access a history of their orders and can perform a lookup of order status.
Customer can add more text and photos to each page as desired.
Customer can also obtain consultancy by phone or fax.
Customer can also place order when they are browsing the catalog.
Customer can also purchase grain from mill and deposit it in grain bank.
Customer can buy direct or by phone, fax or E-mail.
Customer can cancel membership online.
Customer can cancel or change the preset time once it is entered.
Customer can check the different order placed by different customers with all details.
Customer can choose one of the two options at contract signing.
Customer can choose to be reminded of holidays or just personal events.
Customer can choose to save shopping cart for reoccurring orders.
Customer can create collaborative applications for both the Internet and corporate intranets.
Customer can determine who at their school has authorization to call against the agreement.
Customer can do the reconstruction if desired.
Customer can easily adapt the printer to print tickets, shelf tags, and other fanfold media.
Customer can elect to prepay additional amount.
Customer can establish a plan to pay future bills.
Customer can expect speedy results when moving processor boards between domains.
Customer can forestall shut-off by promising to contact bureau that day.
Customer can fully trust and rely in quality ,standard , and durability.
Customer can learn many aspect of IT with tutors available at all times.
Customer can make payment while surfing on internet.
Customer can navigate through store departments index as well as search for items in store.
Customer can never be guaranteed privacy from every possible mail server.
Customer can now model a nutritional analysis.
Customer can only have one phone line serving the residence.
Customer can pay for any express shipping when needed.
Customer can provide additional pages, or use our development services.
Customer can purchase any rental item for a discounted price.
Customer can receive daily activity reports.
Customer can rescind the trade.
Customer can return effected material through original purchasing channels.
Customer can review and sue supplier based on that code.
Customer can sample the product.
Customer can save credit card details online.
Customer can search for their products by product class, product code, or product description.
Customer can select preferred placement on the site, but no placement can be guaranteed.
Customer can self-activate.
Customer can store the balance, which can be redeemed any time before expiration.
Customer can track all resource usage.
Customer can type standard railway abbreviations or station's name for the timing.
Customer can use any operating system they desire.
Customer can win only once per night.
Customer care at the bases.
Customer check safekeeping.
Customer chooses category and method of packing.
Customer chooses colors and style.
Customer chooses level of service and pricing.
Customer chooses the most important tasks that can be completed by the next release.
Customer claims that merchandise was received after the promised delivery date.
Customer claims that the advertised selling price is different than the actual price charged.
Customer claims to be a law student.
Customer comes for pet before grooming is completed.
Customer complaint about delinquent notice.
Customer conducts an unusual number of foreign currency exchange transactions.
Customer confirms items in shopping cart, shipping options, and transaction total.
Customer continue to demand 'better, faster, cheaper.
Customer creates and maintains web page.
Customer decides departure time.
Customer decides to join a league.
Customer designs welcome.
Customer dials an access code, receives a second dial tone and enters a desired time.
Customer driven software is great for the short term only.
Customer driven, continuous improvement is a way of life.
Customer drives the priorities and can have verification done on multiple systems at a time.
Customer drives up at a hotel.
Customer drives up to the hotel entrance.
Customer drops like skinned cat.
Customer ensures that all contacts complete troubleshooting training.
Customer enters payment information and submits order.
Customer enters their data through the admin site.
Customer experiences a 'virtual private data center'.
Customer expressly grants permission for such listings.
Customer facing experience is highly desirable.
Customer facing skills are an asset.
Customer feed back on the pages is an integral part of the process.
Customer fills it in, choosing items and supplying payment information, and submits it online.
Customer fills out the access request form.
Customer finds bill confusing.
Customer first defines our corporate culture.
Customer flash during either newsletter consequently lend ball racks.
Customer flash during either newsletter consequently lend baseball equipment hitting.
Customer flash during either newsletter consequently lend baylor bears collectibles.
Customer fly tying -salmon.
Customer follow up.
Customer generates a purchase order.
Customer gets receipt copy with each check.
Customer gives home address but is at work all day.
Customer gives permission for detailed analysis of utility records.
Customer has budget for online communications.
Customer has less than two-year coverage.
Customer has on-site access to the computer during normal business hours.
Customer has private area to view and work with their photos.
Customer has supervisory responsibility.
Customer has to be qualified.
Customer has trouble dialing out when using intelligent dialing.
Customer have an option of a contract, under which inspection visits are made at regular intervals.
Customer hears a dial tone.
Customer help lines, locator services and product information applications.
Customer help pages.
Customer hereby consents to such jurisdiction and venue.
Customer hires an approved contractor to install the product or service.
Customer holds the responsibility for proper packaging and shipping.
Customer incurs all shipping costs at that point unless it's a new order.
Customer initiates interaction to get a specific question answered.
Customer initiates ISDN call.
Customer insists that the item has been returned, yet the refund was never issued.
Customer interface a specialty.
Customer is able to display a full-page view of the entire menu at any time.
Customer is all the way from Olympia, Washington.
Customer is also responsible for all freight charges.
Customer is also responsible for cost of registering the virtual domain name.
Customer is also responsible for shipping costs.
Customer is also responsible for the trainers travel expenses.
Customer is also responsible to notify IHOT of any changes in their name, address, etc.
Customer is always available on one phone number regardless of mode.
Customer is always responsible for shipping costs of all returns.
Customer is always right.
Customer is at risk of losing major business due to network impairment.
Customer is billed after shipping for postage and handling charges.
Customer is charged shipping charges for all non warranty repairs.
Customer is entitled to metered access to send and receive data.
Customer is entitled to unlimited interactive access to actively send and receive data.
Customer is free to make copies of article once purchased.
Customer is free to make copies of chapters to share with friends once purchased. .
Customer is fully responsible for getting to the bus on time.
Customer is in France.
Customer is in hardship circumstances.
Customer is key Our customers are our shareholders.
Customer is liable for all legal costs and additional costs associated with such legal matters.
Customer is liable for all resource fees incurred under customer's account.
Customer is liable for freight charges and all sales taxes.
Customer is liable for the cars return in good condition.
Customer is notified and alerted of serious intrusion activity.
Customer is now able to work on and view a full-page display of any recipe.
Customer is only responsible for months used.
Customer is over eighteen years of age.
Customer is phoned and contract written when objectives are met.
Customer is prompted to follow proper sequence to make connection.
Customer is provided phone with international service.
Customer is provided with all necessary tracking information.
Customer is reponsible for all return freight and insurance.
Customer is required to cover all customs and shipping costs.
Customer is required to pay for installation of the free boiler or furnace.
Customer is required to posess valid return Airline tickets.
Customer is required to provide serial number and proof of ownership.
Customer is required to provide written authorization for the increase in monthly fees.
Customer is responsable for shipping expense in all cases.
Customer is responsible for access and offloading.
Customer is responsible for actual return freight costs.
Customer is responsible for adequate packing of returned parts.
Customer is responsible for all actions and consequences incurred through use of the Internet.
Customer is responsible for all applicable duties and taxes for shipments outside Canada.
Customer is responsible for all applicable shipping and handling costs.
Customer is responsible for all applicable taxes.
Customer is responsible for all banking fees both foreign and domestic.
Customer is responsible for all carrier Shipping charges on the return.
Customer is responsible for all charges incurred up until notification of password compromise.
Customer is responsible for all closing costs.
Customer is responsible for all cost of freight for shipping of exchanges.
Customer is responsible for all costs of return shipment.
Customer is responsible for all costs returning merchandise to our store location.
Customer is responsible for all custom fees on International orders.
Customer is responsible for all customs, tariffs, and taxes, if applicable to their country.
Customer is responsible for all duties and tariffs.
Customer is responsible for all duties and taxes.
Customer is responsible for all duties, etc.
Customer is responsible for all duties, taxes etc.
Customer is responsible for all fees up to the date of termination.
Customer is responsible for all freight charges on refused shipments.
Customer is responsible for all freight charges unless it was our error.
Customer is responsible for all freight charges.
Customer is responsible for all fuel.
Customer is responsible for all import duties, taxes and brokerage fees.
Customer is responsible for all inbound and outbound shipping charges.
Customer is responsible for all InterNIC maintenance and renewal fees.
Customer is responsible for all legal and collection fees.
Customer is responsible for all loss or damage or excessive wear to equipment.
Customer is responsible for all network connection tasks.
Customer is responsible for all return freight and insurance.
Customer is responsible for all return postage fees.
Customer is responsible for all return shipment costs.
Customer is responsible for all return shipping charges as well as lost or misdirected returns.
Customer is responsible for all return shipping costs and customs duties.
Customer is responsible for all returned product shipping charges.
Customer is responsible for all sales and other taxes associated with the order.
Customer is responsible for all sales, use and like taxes.
Customer is responsible for all shipping and handling charges.
Customer is responsible for all shipping and handling costs.
Customer is responsible for all shipping and handling for the warranty.
Customer is responsible for all shipping charges and return shipping fees.
Customer is responsible for all shipping charges for return to shipper packages. .
Customer is responsible for all shipping charges of returned items.
Customer is responsible for all shipping charges on returns.
Customer is responsible for all shipping charges, regardless of method.
Customer is responsible for all shipping charges.
Customer is responsible for all shipping costs, duties, customs charges and taxes.
Customer is responsible for all shipping costs.
Customer is responsible for ALL shipping costs.
Customer is responsible for all shipping fees involved with a return or an exchange.
Customer is responsible for all shipping freight charges.
Customer is responsible for all shipping related charges .
Customer is responsible for all shipping, handling, and other similar charges.
Customer is responsible for all shipping.
Customer is responsible for all software and hardware.
Customer is responsible for all special request shipping costs.
Customer is responsible for all use of customer's account and confidentiality of password.
Customer is responsible for all work and expenses incurred prior to approved cancellation.
Customer is responsible for all-applicable taxes and personal charges.
Customer is responsible for any account-related charges.
Customer is responsible for any additional duty, tax and VAT charges.
Customer is responsible for any and all costs associated with payment collection.
Customer is responsible for any and all duty charges.
Customer is responsible for any and all long distance charges if any are incurred.
Customer is responsible for any and all network hardware and installation.
Customer is responsible for any applicable taxes.
Customer is responsible for any charges incurred by the collection of overdue payments.
Customer is responsible for any consumables as in the case of printers or media.
Customer is responsible for any custom charges.
Customer is responsible for any custom or insurance charges.
Customer is responsible for any customs charges.
Customer is responsible for any customs or duty charges.
Customer is responsible for any damages resulting from unauthorized service.
Customer is responsible for any equipment necessary to ensure compatibility with our products.
Customer is responsible for any import duties.
Customer is responsible for any long distance or telco charges.
Customer is responsible for any returns or reshipment charges.
Customer is responsible for any shipping charges during exchange.
Customer is responsible for any such taxes or duties.
Customer is responsible for any taxes or duties involved in importing merchandise.
Customer is responsible for any taxes or import fees.
Customer is responsible for any telephone company surcharges for ISDN circuit use.
Customer is responsible for applicable duties and taxes on international shipments.
Customer is responsible for applicable sales tax.
Customer is responsible for building permit, fees and inspection if required by local code.
Customer is responsible for buying and installing all local videoconferencing hardware and software.
Customer is responsible for cancelling any unwanted backorder items.
Customer is responsible for cancelling unwanted back orders.
Customer is responsible for choosing a dial-up number that is local to their calling area.
Customer is responsible for confidentiality of all account numbers and passwords.
Customer is responsible for correctness in mailing address.
Customer is responsible for cost of return shipping.
Customer is responsible for delivery charges.
Customer is responsible for determining the etiquette of a given newsgroup, prior to posting.
Customer is responsible for determining the policies of a given newsgroup before posting to it.
Customer is responsible for disconnecting from service during periods of inactivity.
Customer is responsible for duties.
Customer is responsible for duty an freight collect.
Customer is responsible for duty taxes, if any, at their port of entry.
Customer is responsible for equipment costs, if any.
Customer is responsible for errors in measurement.
Customer is responsible for filing a claim with the carrier for any damage or loss.
Customer is responsible for filter and membrane changes and associated costs.
Customer is responsible for freight charges both ways.
Customer is responsible for freight cost of return.
Customer is responsible for freight on returns, unless prior arrangements are made.
Customer is responsible for having the proper vehicle and equipment to tow the tent trailer.
Customer is responsible for independent backup of all data.
Customer is responsible for independent backup of all such data at a site determined by customer.
Customer is responsible for independent backup of all such data.
Customer is responsible for independent backup of customer's data that is stored on Ure.net.
Customer is responsible for inspection of all products received.
Customer is responsible for insurance charges.
Customer is responsible for insurance on system.
Customer is responsible for insuring item for shipment.
Customer is responsible for insuring products in shipment.
Customer is responsible for legal content of all data stored in customers directory.
Customer is responsible for local tax.
Customer is responsible for loss and all damage caused to equipment.
Customer is responsible for lost, damaged or stolen equipment.
Customer is responsible for maintaining evidence of such an explicit request.
Customer is responsible for making appropriate backups of such files.
Customer is responsible for making sure their computer is dialling a local number.
Customer is responsible for mechanical condition of cart.
Customer is responsible for networking computers .
Customer is responsible for networking computers.
Customer is responsible for paying all services and charges incurred by the account.
Customer is responsible for paying any freight charge caused by refused shipment or unclaimed goods.
Customer is responsible for payment of all charges for the period during which service was rendered.
Customer is responsible for payment of all extra fees at port of entry and-or point of delivery.
Customer is responsible for payment of un-cancelled accounts.
Customer is responsible for performance planning.
Customer is responsible for picking up package.
Customer is responsible for posted fees.
Customer is responsible for proofreading paper proof.
Customer is responsible for proper electrical hookup.
Customer is responsible for protecting their personal computer from network attacks.
Customer is responsible for providing equipment and services necessary to utilize the System.
Customer is responsible for providing local telephone access.
Customer is responsible for purchase of an Internet-ready phone.
Customer is responsible for registering all software with their manufacturers.
Customer is responsible for related shipping charges.
Customer is responsible for repairs to unit, excluding the meter itself.
Customer is responsible for return freight charges.
Customer is responsible for return freight.
Customer is responsible for return postage.
Customer is responsible for return shipment fees.
Customer is responsible for return shipping and insurance charges.
Customer is responsible for return shipping and insurance.
Customer is responsible for return shipping both ways.
Customer is responsible for return shipping charges and insurance on returned items.
Customer is responsible for return shipping charges and insuring package.
Customer is responsible for return shipping charges.
Customer is responsible for return shipping cost.
Customer is responsible for return shipping costs for returned merchandise.
Customer is responsible for return shipping costs only.
Customer is responsible for return shipping costs.
Customer is responsible for return shipping expenses AND all truck freight fees.
Customer is responsible for return shipping fees.
Customer is responsible for return shipping.
Customer is responsible for reviewing utilization reports.
Customer is responsible for routine daily maintenance, flat tires and cleaning.
Customer is responsible for safety, installation, and operation of equipment.
Customer is responsible for Sales tax.
Customer is responsible for security of all equipment until picked up.
Customer is responsible for setting up merchant account to process credit card payments.
Customer is responsible for shipping and export costs.
Customer is responsible for shipping and handling and any insurance charges.
Customer is responsible for shipping and handling charges on all returned merchandise.
Customer is responsible for shipping and handling charges.
Customer is responsible for shipping and handling.
Customer is responsible for shipping and insurance costs.
Customer is responsible for shipping and proof of delivery on all returns.
Customer is responsible for shipping and related shipping costs.
Customer is responsible for shipping back to Pacific Bicycle.
Customer is responsible for shipping charges and risk of loss on all return shipments.
Customer is responsible for shipping charges on returned goods.
Customer is responsible for shipping charges on returned items.
Customer is responsible for shipping charges on returns, except if the return is due to our error.
Customer is responsible for shipping charges on returns.
Customer is responsible for shipping charges on the exchanges.
Customer is responsible for shipping charges to return parts.
Customer is responsible for shipping charges.
Customer is responsible for shipping cost to return merchandise.
Customer is responsible for shipping costs associated with exchanges.
Customer is responsible for shipping costs to Return items for refund or exchange.
Customer is responsible for shipping costs.
Customer is responsible for shipping expenses outside of the continental United States.
Customer is responsible for shipping fee plus any service fee.
Customer is responsible for shipping fee to return items.
Customer is responsible for shipping fees.
Customer is responsible for shipping on all international orders.
Customer is responsible for shipping on all items.
Customer is responsible for shipping on returns.
Customer is responsible for shipping on the free figure.
Customer is responsible for shipping the defective tape to our office.
Customer is responsible for shipping, to and from, for returns.
Customer is responsible for specifying maximum vehicular load required.
Customer is responsible for supplying and installing ethernet card .
Customer is responsible for telephone long distance charges on consultations.
Customer is responsible for the accuracy of their return e-mail address as represented.
Customer is responsible for the complete transfer of all contents of the website.
Customer is responsible for the purchase of all equipment.
Customer is responsible for the return of the item in the same condition that it was sent.
Customer is responsible for the shipping of their trade-in item.
Customer is responsible for tolls, permits, parking fees and any parking violations.
Customer is responsible for training site and meals for participants, if applicable.
Customer is responsible for transportation to and from authorized facility or factory for repairs.
Customer is responsible for travel costs, if requested.
Customer is responsible for unloading truck.
Customer is responsible for unscheduled quantities.
Customer is responsible or paying any freight charge caused by refused shipment or unclaimed goods.
Customer is responsible to check all fluid levels at each refueling.
Customer is responsible to cover the costs of shipping and handling.
Customer is responsible to make all further payment directly to InterNIC to keep domain name.
Customer is responsible to provide any necessary files for the output of any art.
Customer is responsible to provide systems for all students, and and adequate training room.
Customer is responsible to re package the equipment in a suitable box.
Customer is responsible to re package the equipment in a suitable container.
Customer is restricted to the computer where the application is installed.
Customer is sent a notice of detention to choose a broker to clear the goods.
Customer is shown and tries least expensive mattress set.
Customer is solely responsible for abiding by all warning labels on bottles.
Customer is solely responsible for determining the legality of their data.
Customer is solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the user ID and password.
Customer is solely responsible for storage maintenance and all related services as the host Server.
Customer is solely responsible for the protection of their computer equipment.
Customer is solely responsible for their backup of data.
Customer is solely responsible for user access security and network access.
Customer is solely responsible to make sure that someone is available to accept delivery.
Customer is still the boss.
Customer is taken to a secure server for verification of vendor and customer.
Customer is the external agent for sale and vendor is the external agent for purchase.
Customer IS THE KING and services makes the difference.
Customer is the king.
Customer is to pay all shipping charges on returned items.
Customer is to pay shipping charges.
Customer is to provide liability, damage, loss and any other required insurance on all rental units.
Customer is upset with the grooming.
Customer is very easy to know what kind of water quality they got from our system.
Customer is very happy with initial web template provided.
Customer isa user.
Customer keeps all postage discounts.
Customer leaves store.
Customer limit orders on the options exchanges can reach the trading crowds in one of several ways.
Customer lists the appropriate media and growth characteristics.
Customer lists the appropriate media, growth, and dissociation characteristics.
Customer looks up domain in whois to make double-sure that domain has been transferred.
Customer love it as they can now demand better service or take their business somewhere else.
Customer makes cash withdrawal.
Customer makes payments until the contract is paid in full.
Customer makes product selections and sends a purchase order back to the host computer.
Customer manually activates.
Customer means a company or individual who completes a course booking form.
Customer means a person buying goods or services over the Internet.
Customer misses additional payments.
Customer needs analysis and customer satisfaction studies to keep customers and attract new ones .
Customer needs analysis and estimation.
Customer needs and expectations drive the department's plan.
Customer needs and requirements have a tendency to evolve in time.
Customer needs and requirements.
Customer needs and wants drive the development of successful products.
Customer needs change daily.
Customer needs change.
Customer needs constantly shift over time as they re shaped by customers online experiences.
Customer needs drive reliability.
Customer needs fight against bugs in the program, and usability fights against production costs.
Customer needs from a major transportation services provider.
Customer needs high tempera-ture char oxidation kinetics.
Customer needs in a rapidly changing market.
Customer needs to access manual pages and other documentation for the product.
Customer needs to be home for delivery.
Customer needs to get the most mileage out of servers.
Customer needs vary.
Customer needs, or what is being satisfied.
Customer needs, perceptions, and experiences rule.
Customer never has to sign any forms or change long distance company.
Customer never has to sign any forms or change longdistance company.
Customer only has to buy paper.
Customer only has to move once.
Customer only pays for paper.
Customer opens by pulling on paper tab.
Customer owes money on credit account alert.
Customer owns tangible personal property located in Arizona.
Customer owns the pager at the end of term.
Customer pay all shipping, insurance and bank charges including returned merchandise.
Customer pay full shipping cost.
Customer pays a percentage of the total sale price on any returned items to cover our cost.
Customer pays actual cost of shipping.
Customer pays actual freight cost.
Customer pays actual rate for large shipments.
Customer pays actual shipping charge.
Customer pays actual shipping charges for all items .
Customer pays actual shipping charges.
Customer pays all applicable sales tax.
Customer pays all associated shipping charges.
Customer pays all bank charges for returned checks.
Customer pays all bank fees.
Customer pays all freight.
Customer pays all hardware, line install, connection charges at their end.
Customer pays all return shipping charges.
Customer pays all shipping and handling charges based on location and order size.
Customer pays all shipping and handling charges.
Customer pays all shipping and insurance.
Customer pays all shipping and special handling charges.
Customer pays all shipping charge and insurance both ways.
Customer pays all shipping charges, insurance claims, duties, tariffs and taxes.
Customer pays all shipping charges.
Customer pays all shipping costs, including insurance.
Customer pays all shipping costs.
Customer pays all shipping fees.
Customer pays all shipping, and any bank charges, including returned merchandise.
Customer pays all shipping, handling and insurance charges.
Customer pays all shipping, insurance and any bank charges, including any returned merchandise.
Customer pays an annual fee for the protection plan.
Customer pays any additional fees for all other methods of shipment.
Customer pays applicable duties.
Customer pays applicable shipping and handling charges.
Customer pays cash at the end of the rental.
Customer pays closing costs.
Customer pays custom duties, if any.
Customer pays for all shipping charges for orders delivered outside the United States.
Customer pays for all shipping costs.
Customer pays for appraisal if needed.
Customer pays for check printing.
Customer pays for cost of printed checks.
Customer pays for freight both ways.
Customer pays for fuel used.
Customer pays for printed checks.
Customer pays for return freight and insurance.
Customer pays for return shipping cost.
Customer pays for return shipping costs.
Customer pays for return shipping.
Customer pays for shipping charges.
Customer pays for shipping to and from Paragon.
Customer pays for shipping.
Customer pays for the shipping.
Customer pays for their shipping costs.
Customer pays for travel time, on-site time, and all parts at the current rate.
Customer pays for travel.
Customer pays freight and insurance.
Customer pays inbound and outbound shipping charges.
Customer pays only the handling charge.
Customer pays postage and insurance.
Customer pays postage both ways.
Customer pays return freight.
Customer pays return postage.
Customer pays return shipping and insurance.
Customer pays return shipping costs.
Customer pays return shipping on all service.
Customer pays return shipping.
Customer pays sales tax on retail value.
Customer pays sales tax where applicable.
Customer pays sales tax.
Customer pays shipping and customs charges.
Customer pays shipping and handling for any exchanges.
Customer pays shipping and handling.
Customer pays shipping and insurance if wanted.
Customer pays shipping and insurance.
Customer pays shipping and labor charges.
Customer pays shipping back on returns.
Customer pays shipping both directions.
Customer pays shipping charge.
Customer pays shipping charges and insurance, unless other wise stated at time of sale.
Customer pays shipping charges for return.
Customer pays shipping charges on all credit orders.
Customer pays shipping charges.
Customer pays shipping costs.
Customer pays shipping on all orders.
Customer pays shipping return costs.
Customer pays shipping to our warehouse for repair.
Customer pays shipping, handling and insurance.
Customer pays shipping, handling, and insurance.
Customer pays shipping.
Customer pays the entire shipping, and insurance cost.
Customer pays the freight both ways.
Customer pays the going hourly rate without a contract.
Customer pays travel expenses.
Customer pays van rental, fuel charges, and driver charge.
Customer pick up is available at no charge.
Customer pick up is available at our Georgia warehouse.
Customer picks up and pays any taxes and duties.
Customer premises equipment cost is another big issue.
Customer premises equipment.
Customer premises network.
Customer proceeds to fill in shipping and billing information.
Customer provides a SPOC to assist in troubleshooting.
Customer provides char.
Customer provides compatible equipment.
Customer provides connecting cables.
Customer provides content.
Customer provides description and keywords.
Customer provides digital formatted graphics amount depends on size.
Customer provides funding.
Customer provides graphics.
Customer provides inoculum.
Customer provides labels.
Customer provides leased phone line and premise equipment.
Customer provides lockset.
Customer provides only coal.
Customer provides paper bags for recycling paper items like newspapers, magazines and boxes.
Customer provides photos.
Customer provides server hardware, software and all management of server.
Customer provides text transcribed on floppy or as email attachment.
Customer provides text.
Customer provides their company logo.
Customer purchases their own equipment.
Customer purchases wireless equipment.
Customer puts in fifty one to an American penny.
Customer receive frequent drycleaning points equalling to free drycleaning.
Customer receive prompt, courteous and reliable services.
Customer receive upgrades, bug fixes and maintenance release.
Customer receives a detailed pathology report documented with digital photomicrographs.
Customer receives an overview of color management relative to their workflow.
Customer receives canceled bank draft in their monthly bank statement.
Customer receives color photoscapes and recommended planting guide.
Customer receives completed job.
Customer receives computer filing of service history by equipment.
Customer receives discounts on bills.
Customer receives either special rate or rebate.
Customer receives e-mail order confirmation and estimated delivery time.
Customer receives e-mail when product is shipped.
Customer receives highest priority for information and field technicians.
Customer receives material and places it in a file.
Customer receives system or upgrade.
Customer receives the newspapers by mail.
Customer receives unequaled sound quality and performance with clear natural sound.
Customer recognizes the possible conflict of interest inherent in such a dual relationship.
Customer remains responsible for any fees accrued prior to the termination date.
Customer remains responsible for shipping fees.
Customer remains subject to the InterNIC registration fees.
Customer remains with affiliate forever.
Customer removes parts from the boxes and assembles the unit.
Customer removes what was provided by customer Costs are recovered from the customer.
Customer reports coversheet glitches, especially involving long company names.
Customer reports that reset failed error message appears during boot sequence.
Customer requests a price quote from the merchant.
Customer retains all rights to the domain name.
Customer returns for size, discontinued items and overstocks at 'clearance' prices.
Customer reviews the new site on the Internet and offers feedback.
Customer runs acceptance tests.
Customer satisfaction our highest priority.
Customer save thousands and avoid international frame relay costs.
Customer seek out private label products during recessions.
Customer seems extremely busy.
Customer sees one value package-everyone in the process fully knows what the whole value package is.
Customer selects a design for the invitation card.
Customer selects books to add to the shopping cart and then confirms the book additions.
Customer sends funds into their segregated account.
Customer sends money order for balance.
Customer shapes traffic for the switched lines that connect to the switch.
Customer shreds bill with relief, and with feelings of disgust at other registrar.
Customer signs off on job or makes changes for reedit.
Customer simply removes the release liner and matches to green void tape on opposite side of bag.
Customer simply removes the release liner and matches to opposite side of bag.
Customer specifies quantity and submits order.
Customer stays at home.
Customer submits most current monthly bill to determine qualifying rates .
Customer succeed among lots customer however built wakeboards brisbane.
Customer supplies all software for system other than operating system.
Customer support access via telephone or e-mail is included in all service plans.
Customer support hot line.
Customer suspects a routing problem.
Customer takes responsibility for verifying terms and conditions.
Customer teach against a monkey after understood billiards book.
Customer testimonies Tag.
Customer then has ten business days to respond in writing.
Customer then releases quantity desired by faxing, calling, mailing releases or inventory cards.
Customer then submits information or clears all fields using button commands.
Customer travels outside of their home country and experiences a problem.
Customer travels to financial institution.
Customer trudges away.
Customer understands dialup accounts are single modem accounts.
Customer understands that service can be canceled at any time effective the end of contract.
Customer uploads their welcome page and FAQ page in html format.
Customer uses credit card to purchase licenses.
Customer uses the system.
Customer uses their own lights.
Customer waives all other rights and remedies at law or in equity.
Customer waives any right to reject or revoke acceptance thereafter.
Customer walks into store.
Customer wants to better understand the options for the automatic routing of received faxes.
Customer wants to place the computer to the frontier.
Customer warrants that it has the right to use the applicable trademarks, if any.
Customer warrants that it has the right to use the artwork, logos, design, etc.
Customer wishes to configure a fax modem for shared fax and data use.
Customer wishes to use overlays with faxes submitted using sendfax.
Customers absorb the organization's outputs.
Customers accept final solutions.
Customers accept full and sole responsibility for the content and nature of their communications.
Customers accept full responsibility for the content of all messages sent and Web pages published.
Customers accept solutions.
Customers accept total responsibility for themselves and rented equipment.
Customers access and automate the procurement process through a secure Internet connection.
Customers access applications remotely, such as over the Internet or via leased lines.
Customers access it using a computer and modem.
Customers access performance data about their networks via Web browsers.
Customers access such materials at their own risk.
Customers access the application through a browser via the Internet.
Customers access the application via private lines or the Internet on a subscription basis.
Customers access the application via private lines or the Internet.
Customers access the applications over the internet.
Customers access the applications through private lines or the Internet.
Customers access the engine via a secure Web site and set policies using a browser.
Customers access the Internet at their own discretion.
Customers access the network via a small antenna installed on the roof of customer buildings.
Customers access the news and other services via web browser.
Customers access the service through the portal.
Customers access the site and can work on their survey project online.
Customers access the site for free through a regular browser.
Customers access the software securely and easily through the Internet.
Customers access their bank accounts through a plastic bankcard.
Customers access thru a toll-free number, a computer online service, or thru the Web.
Customers access web content or e-mail by sending a command from their wireless device.
Customers account for sales.
Customers account number and PO number.
Customers accrue points based on volume purchase levels.
Customers achieve business success.
Customers achieve greater flexibility when selecting development tools.
Customers achieve success.
Customers achieve total monthly payment reduction, along with the tax savings of home ownership.
Customers activate the card by phone to see whether they're a major winner.
Customers actively participate in submitting anonymous perfect data.
Customers actually expect small, regular hikes.
Customers add items to their shopping carts, but never make it to or through checkout.
Customers add to the problem.
Customers admit that's troubling.
Customers adopt brand switching to use the lowest priced brand.
Customers affected by the recall have options.
Customers agree .
Customers agree blades have high-lift and performance.
Customers agree it is quite unique in both looks and functionality.
Customers agree that all setup fees are non-refundable once setup is completed.
Customers agree that the prices are cheap and the variety is anything but skimpy.
Customers agree that, when it comes to security policy, the devil is in the details.
Customers agree there are savings to be had through the use of streaming media.
Customers agree to accept all new publications issued in each series selected.
Customers agree to pay a small fee per message.
Customers agree to the following terms and conditions.
Customers agree, according to a recent independent survey.
Customers agrees to pay for services rendered according to the current billing policies.
Customers almost vie to claim the title of having traveled the greatest distance.
Customers already can book airline reservations and order concert tickets from existing terminals.
Customers already have enough of a surprise being told that their domain has a surcharge.
Customers already have options in choosing their long distance telephone carriers.
Customers already know their brands.
Customers already pay for mobile telephone service.
Customers already pay higher rates for exceeding their baseline.
Customers also appreciate our proactive approach.
Customers also appreciate the fact that our credit decisions are made locally.
Customers also appreciate the store's innovative look.
Customers also ask to have custom sunroofs installed or they like special chrome wheels.
Customers also benefit as it facilitates banking.
Customers also benefit by having an around the clock service center at their fingertips.
Customers also benefit from extended battery, standby and talk time and greater privacy.
Customers also benefit from lower off-hours shipping costs.
Customers also benefit from our large inventory of functional hardware.
Customers also benefit from the extended battery life of the handset.
Customers also benefit from the very technologies that make remote work possible.
Customers also benefit.
Customers also can access a library of medical journals and books.
Customers also can be a great source of ideas for new products.
Customers also can break problems into pieces to be solved separately.
Customers also can build their own gift boxes.
Customers also can choose from a large selection of new merchandise.
Customers also can elect to receive their bill via email rather than by a letter.
Customers also can e-mail questions to one of three electronic addresses.
Customers also can find themselves out in the cold if the computermaker or business closes.
Customers also can get traditional deli fare, such as salads, soups and chips, on the side.
Customers also can have their printing orders shipped directly to their address.
Customers also can make a purchase at any point during the auction.
Customers also can make changes and additions to their existing service via the online system.
Customers also can meet with an insurance specialist or a trust officer.
Customers also can pay extra to have an unlisted number.
Customers also can purchase titles through selected e-commerce partners.
Customers also can request catalogs and email offers from the site.
Customers also can request that both strands of the DNA be sequenced.
Customers also can save if their vehicles feature anti-theft devices or airbags.
Customers also can save on hardware.
Customers also can select an after-dinner wine or some beer without having to drive.
Customers also can use the service to access payment status.
Customers also can view a summary of their local phone bill for the past three months.
Customers also can view the recipient's first initial and last name on the Internet.
Customers also choose the vendor themselves.
Customers also choose their own passwords.
Customers also come from neighboring states, such as Wisconsin and Indiana, to purchase heroin.
Customers also complain about non-delivery of products.
Customers also create a welcome social interaction with others.
Customers also decide if the eye of a coil faces the front and back of the trailer or the sides.
Customers also decide where the color strip goes.
Customers also demand quality order entry, order tracking, timely shipping, and correct billing.
Customers also dislike having to call repeatedly.
Customers also earn points towards free products with every purchase.
Customers also enjoy installation at no additional charge.
Customers also enjoy the convenience of finding what they want quickly at the Towes' store.
Customers also escape the shackles of geography.
Customers also file their bug reports online, and complete their own orders for products.
Customers also get access to reviews compiled by our expert team.
Customers also get after-sales support from a single source with a global network.
Customers also get excellent rates .
Customers also get one bill for both services.
Customers also get to sell their cars online.
Customers also have a choice of analogue or digital equipment.
Customers also have a high desire for customization of their desktop.
Customers also have a modern lounge to wait in while their toy is in the service department.
Customers also have access to eCommCenter, an online ecommerce resource center.
Customers also have access to our monthly bid-board where buyers and sellers can trade coins.
Customers also have access to their records at the company website .
Customers also have an option to purchase after hours and weekend support for an additional fee.
Customers also have complete control over the colors and layout of their surveys.
Customers also have exclusive online access to custom research studies.
Customers also have new expectations.
Customers also have the ability to sort or filter orders, fills, etc.
Customers also have the choice of colors and custom paint.
Customers also have the opportunity to purchase vehicles directly via the Net.
Customers also have the option of choosing either a standard or premium service subscription.
Customers also have the option of contacting company representatives via e-mail.
Customers also have the option of free trial chairs.
Customers also have the option of ordering products via email or over the telephone or fax.
Customers also have the option of signing up to pay for their postage online.
Customers also have the option of supplying their own tapes, in which case no fee is charged.
Customers also have the option to cancel the items on back order.
Customers also have the option to offer an appropriate reward for each item.
Customers also judge service quality on reliability, responsiveness, empathy, and tangibles.
Customers also like the simple look of blinds alone, according to window treatment experts.
Customers also pay costs related to an extension of the sewage system network.
Customers also pay extra for design and set-up fees to cover audio and video aspects.
Customers also pay more for the bird-burgers.
Customers also perceive the value of fee-based services.
Customers also reap numerous benefits from electronic bill payment.
Customers also receive an email verification of their order.
Customers also receive automatic confirmation when their calls enter the system.
Customers also receive callbacks at Gold service level objectives.
Customers also receive callbacks at Silver service level objectives.
Customers also receive cash incentives based on rated equipment energy efficiency.
Customers also receive free educational materials on family and health topics.
Customers also receive free instant messaging and text chat.
Customers also receive implementation support, training and first year maintenance.
Customers also receive much more information at a much faster rate with fiber optics.
Customers also receive product education through the company s customized course offerings.
Customers also respond well to the convenience of online appointment or appraisal scheduling.
Customers also retain osu.edu e-mail service.
Customers also seem willing to give the company time to sort things out.
Customers also specify the relative importance of different features.
Customers also tend to gravitate toward a company or group of people they like.
Customers also value elements of the facilities design.
Customers also wish to be informed throughout the entire buying process, from purchase to delivery.
Customers also wish to get the top quality products for the money they pay.
Customers anticipate that their funds are safe and comparatively liquid.
Customers apparently agree, even before they've have a chance to drive the car.
Customers apparently plan to buy the flawed chip and replace it later.
Customers appear and disappear.
Customers appear enthusiastic.
Customers apply for a video rental cad.
Customers appreciate a good sport.
Customers appreciate and have come to expect one detailed invoice for all their communication needs.
Customers appreciate and know the difference.
Customers appreciate attention.
Customers appreciate being able to come back and deal with the same people year after year.
Customers appreciate being able to see the product being described.
Customers appreciate care.
Customers appreciate employees who are courteous and knowledgable about a product or service.
Customers appreciate employees who are courteous and knowledgeable about a product or service.
Customers appreciate getting both white and dark meat and often have leftovers to take home.
Customers appreciate good service.
Customers appreciate having the option to charge it, sure.
Customers appreciate it.
Customers appreciate open access to real-time data.
Customers appreciate our homestyle cooking, ample portions, and reasonable prices.
Customers appreciate privilege.
Customers appreciate quality.
Customers appreciate quicker color services, less fade out and better overall condition to the hair.
Customers appreciate such product and service information being held on the company web site.
Customers appreciate suggestions.
Customers appreciate that, as well as the comfortable atmosphere.
Customers appreciate the consistency of our products and prices from store to store.
Customers appreciate the convenience of rapidly searching for information about a facility.
Customers appreciate the dealership's philosophy.
Customers appreciate the extra flavor that comes with field ripening of produce.
Customers appreciate the information and photos of what they are buying.
Customers appreciate the opportunity to participate and they frequently make valuable contributions.
Customers appreciate the quick installation and start-up.
Customers appreciate the super-secure credit card transactions too.
Customers appreciate the web as an alternative source of information.
Customers appreciate the worry free approach of contracting out for a full data delivery product.
Customers appreciate their iron-clad guarantees.
Customers appreciate value added content.
Customers approach the counter near the kind of meat they want and place an order.
Customers are a bottleneck to profitability.
Customers are a business s lifeblood.
Customers are a business's lifeblood.
Customers are a dot-com's most important resource.
Customers are a focal point of every organization.
Customers are a little more cautious when a salesperson is along.
Customers are a mix of local folks and tourists.
Customers are a mixture of gnarled old men, putative intellectuals and tourists.
Customers are a part of our business.
Customers are able to access the network from both Canada and the United States.
Customers are able to check their own records.
Customers are able to choose from a selection of some of the biggest lobsters they has ever seen.
Customers are able to connect at any time without hearing the engage signal.
Customers are able to converse online with a company representative.
Customers are able to enter their own orders and configure products to their own wants and needs.
Customers are able to interact with the sites to get support information.
Customers are able to make reservations on-line, or they can just drop by.
Customers are able to manage many support transactions themselves.
Customers are able to obtain reliable information quickly and efficiently at all times.
Customers are able to order movies for a cheaper price, and the top choices are never sold out.
Customers are able to pay their accounts at any of the shops.
Customers are able to reach market faster with a better product and at less cost.
Customers are able to realize reduced design cycles and win repeat business.
Customers are able to receive quick solutions to their technical questions and issues.
Customers are able to review and verify software requirements for correctness and relevancy.
Customers are able to save their shopping lists so they can have the same order each week.
Customers are able to search for products based upon a number of criteria.
Customers are able to subscribe through their business or personally.
Customers are able to track current orders and to view purchase history.
Customers are able to unsubscribe at any time.
Customers are able to upgrade voicemail packages for a small monthly charge.
Customers are able to use electronic banking facilities to pay in funds and check account balances.
Customers are able to visit our facility to access their co-located computers.
Customers are above all dept stores and mail order companies.
Customers are active participants.
Customers are afraid of losing their credit card information and personal information to hackers.
Customers are afraid of support breakdown.
Customers are afraid that buying online is insecure.
Customers are afraid to stop at stores that have graffiti.
Customers are alerted to new deals via e-mail, fax, phone or snail mail.
Customers are alerted to our many money saving promotions via fax or E-mail at least once a week.
Customers are all different, and choices can be confusing.
Customers are all satisfied with their service.
Customers are all shapes and sizes of businesses.
Customers are all the European automobile manufacturers.
Customers are almost invariably adults buying for themselves.
Customers are already excited about the potential benefits.
Customers are also able to order products with custom voltage threshold settings.
Customers are also able to provision additional storage management services through the portal.
Customers are also able to search through products to find ones that match their specified criteria.
Customers are also able to upgrade to a higher plan free of charge.
Customers are also active participants.
Customers are also an important part of the growth of any business.
Customers are also concerned about which standard to use for encrypting data.
Customers are also less likely to equate value with a brand name.
Customers are also optimistic.
Customers are also pleased.
Customers are also responsible for postage and handling charges.
Customers are also responsible for postage.
Customers are also responsible for the delivery cost via regular U.S. mail.
Customers are also vulnerable to kitchen hazards.
Customers are also welcome to jam with the nightly group.
Customers are also welcome to make use of our darts room.
Customers are also willing to give personal information when it is to receive a service they value.
Customers are also worried about flexibility.
Customers are always astounded when looking at their leaves.
Customers are always hungry for quick meal ideas.
Customers are always impressed with the boat.
Customers are always in a big hurry.
Customers are always RAM hungry.
Customers are always right.
Customers are always very satisfied.
Customers are always welcome to bring their own.
Customers are always welcome to come and do their own research, by appointment.
Customers are always welcome to provide a pattern, as well.
Customers are always welcome to speak with developers regarding desired changes or enhancements.
Customers are always welcome to stop and watch.
Customers are always welcome to visit our facilities.
Customers are always welcome, but please call to make sure someone is at home.
Customers are amazed at how affective the bands are at relieving motion discomfort.
Customers are amazed at how much work it can do.
Customers are ambivalent.
Customers are anonymous when they enter a store, they can make a purchase, pay and leave.
Customers are anotehr problem.
Customers are anxious to resolve issues.
Customers are any organization's best assets.
Customers are at risk, too.
Customers are at risk.
Customers are at the heart of our business and their satisfaction is paramount in all decisions.
Customers are better educated and more sophisticated all the time.
Customers are better informed than ever and they demand more.
Customers are better off knowing.
Customers are better then vendors for the most part.
Customers are both tourists and locals.
Customers are busier and more mobile than ever.
Customers are businesses' lifeblood.
Customers are businesses, the public sector and the residential and wholesale markets.
Customers are busy in many cases, very busy.
Customers are buying vinyl windows, says Everly, because of warmth and ease of maintenance.
Customers are capable of mail order.
Customers are cautious but they still have the money.
Customers are cautious of how and where they spend.
Customers are cautious.
Customers are certain to experience improved and more expeditious service at the new location.
Customers are charged after they have received their worms.
Customers are clamoring.
Customers are comfortable with automated responses and gathering information from the Internet.
Customers are commercial furniture, appliance, automotive, commercial and industrial companies.
Customers are concerned about functionality.
Customers are concerned about non-price issues such as reliability and service.
Customers are concerned about paying by credit card over the Internet.
Customers are concerned with time, quality, performance and service, and costs.
Customers are confused, and sales opportunities are blown.
Customers are consumers.
Customers are continually amazed at how easy it is for Labtronics to automate 'unique' methods.
Customers are crazy about it.
Customers are critics and judges as well.
Customers are customers.
Customers are decision makers and executives who demand timely and focused information.
Customers are delighted to buy fibers that are priced far below their cost of new construction.
Customers are different from Visitors.
Customers are different, and the reasons for their delinquencies are, also.
Customers are different.
Customers are disappointed.
Customers are dissatisfied.
Customers are domestic as well as international institutions.
Customers are easier to deal with than top brass.
Customers are eligible to win only at the banking center at which they signed up for their account.
Customers are emailed invoices.
Customers are encouraged to choose certified electronics recyclers.
Customers are essential to our long-term prosperity.
Customers are essential to the success of a corporation.
Customers are eventually responsible for any unpaid portions of their bill, known as an arrearage.
Customers are every employee's number one priority.
Customers are everything.
Customers are excited about the ability to collaborate in an environment they're comfortable with.
Customers are extremely concerned about getting good service.
Customers are far more educated.
Customers are far more forgiving and patient when they have been acknowledged.
Customers are far more likely to walk away dissatisfied than to alert managers when things go wrong.
Customers are fearful of giving proprietary secrets.
Customers are fickle and their situations change.
Customers are flower shops home depots and supermarkets in Germany and several European countries.
Customers are free from being tethered to their desktop PCs.
Customers are free to call all of the destinations in each plan.
Customers are free to cancel at any time.
Customers are free to cash out or use the tickets for continued play at other machines.
Customers are free to choose as many as they want.
Customers are free to decide where they want to dine.
Customers are free to run multiple operating systems, the company says.
Customers are free to subscribe to any or all newsgroups.
Customers are free to test new lipsticks, eye shadows and other cosmetics.
Customers are free to use any invoicing form they prefer that provides the same information.
Customers are free to use the software, videos and audios available at the center.
Customers are fully responsible for postage, freight, tariffs, duties and taxes.
Customers are generally interested in speed of delivery and ease of return.
Customers are generally willing to pay a higher price for added value.
Customers are generally youn gish.
Customers are glad the company learned that much.
Customers are global.
Customers are gold.
Customers are good for business, and being nice to customers is good for business.
Customers are happier and more at ease.
Customers are happy and remain loyal, and the firm makes a profit.
Customers are happy because they get preferred service in both directions.
Customers are happy both with products and as well with after-sales product support.
Customers are happy with the results, even though many thought twice before getting a trim.
Customers are happy, businesses are happy.
Customers are happy.
Customers are hard to get and easy to lose.
Customers are hopeful but skeptical.
Customers are hospitals as well as doctors, medical laboratories and research departments.
Customers are human beings with feelings, and they deserve to be treated with respect.
Customers are hungry for more services, delivered even faster.
Customers are impatient for answers.
Customers are impatient.
Customers are implicit.
Customers are in aerospace, medical, technology, commercial industries.
Customers are in charge of defining value and their expectations are on the rise.
Customers are in control - they expect to be able to choose what they receive, from whom, and when.
Customers are in control and are reshaping businesses and transforming industries.
Customers are in control, and the mantra of 'shop any time, anywhere' is rewriting the rules.
Customers are in control.
Customers are in diverse sectors including retail, telecommunications, finance and health care.
Customers are in financial trouble.
Customers are in sync with support reps in knowing what's going on with their issues.
Customers are in the driver's seat.
Customers are in.
Customers are increasingly aware of the health and look of their teeth.
Customers are increasingly in search of new levels of convenience.
Customers are increasingly interested in researching, finding and purchasing products online.
Customers are ineligible for company commissions or bonuses.
Customers are instinctive in their sensing of trouble.
Customers are instinctively skeptical of unsubstantiated vendor claims.
Customers are interested because others have been interested before.
Customers are interested in obtaining detailed information before making their purchasing decisions.
Customers are interested in solutions that solve problems.
Customers are internal and external to the organization.
Customers are internal as well as external.
Customers are irate because they want a dedicated person to handle their word processing needs.
Customers are irrational and a pain.
Customers are just a phone call away from our technical experts.
Customers are just a shocked.
Customers are large direct marketing and financial services institutions.
Customers are less accessible, more skep- tical and take longer to make a decision to buy.
Customers are less loyal, more demanding and more price sensitive.
Customers are less willing to spend a million dollars for just an empty tool belt.
Customers are liable for fines on overdue materials that are renewed.
Customers are liable for returned postage charge if the package is returned unclaimed.
Customers are like electrons.
Customers are like sponges always seeking information.
Customers are likely to be very hard pressed in many areas of the country.
Customers are likely to include medium to large institutional investors.
Customers are limited to one free trial subscription per product.
Customers are limited to six withdrawals per month.
Customers are located in bars.
Customers are located in bookstores.
Customers are located in internet cafes.
Customers are located in malls.
Customers are located in markets.
Customers are loyal due to product quality and prompt delivery.
Customers are loyal to companies who provide quality in products and services.
Customers are loyal to companies who understand their needs and exceed their expectations.
Customers are loyal to people who have come up with good solutions before.
Customers are loyal, too and their service departments make money.
Customers are mainly architects and interior designers.
Customers are mainly cities, towns, and municipalities throughout Canada.
Customers are mainly contractors of building projects and many are repeat customers.
Customers are mainly Flemish, with a strong contingent of barflies and eccentrics.
Customers are mainly from manufacturing industry.
Customers are mainly local state and private companies.
Customers are mainly tourists, students, Goths and horror fans.
Customers are major companies in the media, industry, and telecom sectors.
Customers are medium and large businesses, primarily retail.
Customers are merely the unwashed masses to be enlightened.
Customers are mixed.
Customers are mixed-channel users.
Customers are molecules in the web.
Customers are more aggressive and demand more flexibility in the way that they pay for IT services.
Customers are more apt to make arbitrary decisions on platform consolidations than on any other.
Customers are more concerned about profit.
Customers are more concerned about safety issues today than ever before.
Customers are more conscious of quality, and want to know exactly where their food is coming from.
Customers are more demanding and are aware that they can go elsewhere to spend their money.
Customers are more demanding and increasingly mobile.
Customers are more demanding and sophisticated, while competition has become much more intense.
Customers are more demanding of time.
Customers are more demanding than ever before.
Customers are more demanding than ever.
Customers are more demanding, which is okay.
Customers are more demanding.
Customers Are More Demanding.
Customers are more educated about their options and choices.
Customers are more educated and more aware than ever before.
Customers are more educated.
Customers are more emotional and their memories are freshest shortly after shopping.
Customers are more important than the cool .
Customers are more important.
Customers are more interested in fairly traded goods.
Customers are more interested in how products are produced.
Customers are more involved in the production of a service.
Customers are more knowledgeable and ask about the paving process.
Customers are more knowledgeable.
Customers are more likely to buy foods they can smell.
Customers are more likely to choose the faster service over the slower.
Customers are more likely to go to a distributor that knows the products.
Customers are more likely to pass along something like a newsletter if it has valuable advice in it.
Customers are more likely to purchase a book with an intriguing excerpt and compelling description.
Customers are more likely to purchase a book with an intriguing excerpt.
Customers are more likely to respond to hard evidence than to words.
Customers are more likely to respond when they are involved with the charity directly.
Customers are more likely to respond.
Customers are more likely to spend more when they receive a discount.
Customers are more satisfied, because they have no hold time or long-distance charges.
Customers are more sensitive to power outages with a computer in almost every home.
Customers are more sensitive to price when they can choose among products to satisfy needs.
Customers are more sophisticated and have less time than ever.
Customers are more sophisticated than ever, and generally have a good idea of what's wrong.
Customers are more sophisticated.
Customers are more technically savvy and demanding.
Customers are more than just customers, they're clients and friends.
Customers are more than welcome to call or Email to discuss their order.
Customers are most likely to trust a manufacturer who leads the field.
Customers are most welcome to view our stock, but an appointment is necessary.
Customers are most welcome to visit our factory to view our manufacturing facilities.
Customers are mostly academic institutions and libraries.
Customers are mostly financial directors, portfolio managers and individuals.
Customers are mostly middle-aged and elderly people.
Customers are mostly retail banks and other financial institutions.
Customers are much more informed than they used to be about what's available and what it costs.
Customers are much more willing now to ask for a price cut.
Customers are municipal and commercial entities.
Customers are neither the enemy nor the opponent.
Customers are nervous about the potential loss of personal privacy.
Customers are never surprised by hidden costs.
Customers are no different.
Customers are no longer captive to a single energy source.
Customers are no longer down the street, around the corner or in the next state.
Customers are no longer just down the street or across town, but rather around the world.
Customers are no longer just throwing Web servers at network performance problems.
Customers are no longer loyal if they are only satisfied.
Customers are no longer willing to be locked in.
Customers are now able to complete their shopping experience in less than three minutes.
Customers are now able to reprice physician, ancillary and facility claims over the Internet.
Customers are now able to surf the 'Net at significantly faster speeds.
Customers are now concerned with the total cost of ownership over the life of the application.
Customers are now highly knowledgeable and seek new and unique experiences.
Customers are now in control.
Customers are now more astute and use the Net to research and compare mortgages and pensions.
Customers are now more willing to buy as their downpayments are held in escrow accounts.
Customers are now the ultimate definers of services provided by government.
Customers are number one to our business.
Customers are obviously convinced.
Customers are obviously critical to all businesses, but especially so to small businesses.
Customers are often difficult to please, causing undue stress for employees.
Customers are often more sensitive to price cues than changes in actual prices.
Customers are often only capable of erratic payments.
Customers are often particularly concerned about the confidentiality of medical records.
Customers are often unaware of our procedures and time needed for processing their requests.
Customers are often victims of crimes which involve their financial institutions.
Customers are on hold because the system is stretched thin.
Customers are on-line with our inventory management system.
Customers are only interested in a subset of the quotes.
Customers are only interested in price.
Customers are optimistic about the plan.
Customers are ordinarily responsible only for distribution costs.
Customers ARE our business.
Customers are our focus.
Customers are our greatest gifts.
Customers are our guests and service is our privliege.
Customers are our livelihood.
Customers are our main focus.
Customers are our most cherished resource.
Customers are our most precious commodity.
Customers are our number one priority.
Customers are outraged.
Customers are part of the team, as are suppliers.
Customers are people too.
Customers are people, and they like friendly contact.
Customers are people.
Customers Are People.
Customers are people.
Customers are persons who have freely chosen to do business with a proprietor.
Customers are physicians, clinics, industrial health programs, schools and nonprofit agencies.
Customers are pleased as well.
Customers are pleased with our delivery service because they can enjoy fresh milk at home.
Customers are pleased with the job our men do.
Customers are plentiful, money is finally starting to come in and business is generally going well.
Customers are polymer processing and chemical refining industries.
Customers are prepared to move forward and portals are truly at the center of their focus.
Customers are prepared to pay for simplicity, customer care, and added-value services.
Customers are prepared to pay more to lessen the risk but only if they know all the facts.
Customers are prepared to trade.
Customers are pretty civil about it.
Customers are pretty willing to write a check.
Customers are primarily businesses and multi-family residential complexes.
Customers are probably a company s most valuable assets.
Customers are proud to be seen in their vehicles.
Customers are ready for the transition to wireless.
Customers are ready to give it, even on the Internet.
Customers are regularly updated on the latest product news direct from their sales representatives.
Customers are reluctant to pay full retail price.
Customers are reluctant to submit payment details via the Internet.
Customers are respectful and patient, especially if they themselves have been employees.
Customers are responsible at the moment for all fees associated with shipping and handling.
Customers are responsible for all activities conducted through their accounts.
Customers are responsible for all associated shipping, handling, and insurance fees.
Customers are responsible for all brokerage fees, duties, and taxes.
Customers are responsible for all cost and fees incurred during the rental.
Customers are responsible for all costs associated with meter add-on devices.
Customers are responsible for all customer caused errors and inadvertent order entries.
Customers are responsible for all duties and taxes assessed through customs.
Customers are responsible for all duties and taxes assessed to international orders.
Customers are responsible for all duties and taxes assessed to international shipments.
Customers are responsible for all duties and taxes that apply to international shipments.
Customers are responsible for all duties and taxes.
Customers are responsible for all duties, taxes and brokerage fees on all orders.
Customers are responsible for all duty fees and taxes if applicable.
Customers are responsible for all excess telephony charges.
Customers are responsible for all fees related to returned checks.
Customers are responsible for all freight charges.
Customers are responsible for all import duties and taxes .
Customers are responsible for all long distance calls placed from their home.
Customers are responsible for all materials checked out on the card.
Customers are responsible for all orders placed.
Customers are responsible for all postal charges on return shipments.
Customers are responsible for all return postage.
Customers are responsible for all road hazards.
Customers are responsible for all shipping charges associated with the return of product.
Customers are responsible for all shipping charges associated with warranty replacements.
Customers are responsible for all shipping charges unless our mistake caused the return.
Customers are responsible for all shipping charges when returning discs.
Customers are responsible for all shipping charges, except for size exchanges.
Customers are responsible for all shipping charges.
Customers are responsible for all shipping costs.
Customers are responsible for all shipping fees and are non-refundable.
Customers are responsible for all usage fees.
Customers are responsible for anticipating the demand for any material placed on their web site.
Customers are responsible for any additional charges incurred to return merchandise.
Customers are responsible for any additional taxes or duties.
Customers are responsible for any applicable duty and tax charged by the destination country.
Customers are responsible for any customs import duties of the destination country, if any.
Customers are responsible for any customs or taxes imposed on foreign orders.
Customers are responsible for any damages or abuse incurred during the rental period.
Customers are responsible for any duties and tariffs.
Customers are responsible for any duties and taxes.
Customers are responsible for any import tax, duty or any other tax imposed on their purchase.
Customers are responsible for any import taxes or customs fees due if any, to that country.
Customers are responsible for any inside wiring required in closed buildings.
Customers are responsible for any loss resulting from non-deliverable securities.
Customers are responsible for any postage to return items.
Customers are responsible for any shipping charges on returned lawnmowers.
Customers are responsible for any shipping charges to return products.
Customers are responsible for any shipping upgrades if requested.
Customers are responsible for any shipping upgrades.
Customers are responsible for any unauthorized use of their account.
Customers are responsible for assuring that their growing rooms conform to local building codes.
Customers are responsible for balancing their load on a monthly basis.
Customers are responsible for being sure that delivery locations are secure.
Customers are responsible for booking tee times at each course.
Customers are responsible for canceling their service by mail, e-mail, or by phone.
Customers are responsible for checking and correcting all reservation errors.
Customers are responsible for choosing sites and for using the resources appropriately.
Customers are responsible for claims arising out of third party uses.
Customers are responsible for compliance with local rules and regulations.
Customers are responsible for compliance with respective local rules and regulations.
Customers are responsible for compliance with their governmental regulations.
Customers are responsible for compliance with their local rules and regulations.
Customers are responsible for complying with their own governmental rules and regulations.
Customers are responsible for correct input of applicable data.
Customers are responsible for cost of return, including export fees, duties and taxes.
Customers are responsible for damage to and loss of hardware and software due to negligence.
Customers are responsible for determining the options and appropriate interfaces for their networks.
Customers are responsible for disposal of the tiles and buy new ones when they are finished.
Customers are responsible for duties owed to their government.
Customers are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of their orders.
Customers are responsible for filing claims with common carriers.
Customers are responsible for filling out the required information completely and accurately.
Customers are responsible for freight charges for all returned items.
Customers are responsible for freight charges for returned books and software.
Customers are responsible for freight charges for returned books.
Customers are responsible for freight charges on all returned orders.
Customers are responsible for granting and restricting access to their information.
Customers are responsible for insurance of returning goods.
Customers are responsible for keeping track of their usage hours each month.
Customers are responsible for keeping track of their usage.
Customers are responsible for keeping track of usage, between monthly accounts being sent.
Customers are responsible for knowing the customs regulations of their respective country.
Customers are responsible for loading and unloading their bikes.
Customers are responsible for machine maintenance.
Customers are responsible for maintaining inside wiring, jacks and equipment.
Customers are responsible for maintaining their own security .
Customers are responsible for maintenance expenses.
Customers are responsible for managing their own routers.
Customers are responsible for monitoring all image content.
Customers are responsible for monitoring and creating backups of all image content.
Customers are responsible for monitoring and creating backups of their videotapes.
Customers are responsible for one-way shipping charges for the defective unit.
Customers are responsible for paying any import duties that are owed.
Customers are responsible for paying charge caused by returned shipment.
Customers are responsible for paying customs and import duties.
Customers are responsible for paying duties and taxes when the package arrives in their country.
Customers are responsible for paying their own dialup telephone charges for accessing the Internet.
Customers are responsible for paying their utility bills on time.
Customers are responsible for payment of all applicable taxes.
Customers are responsible for payment of local duty and taxes .
Customers are responsible for placing a purchase order before shipping boards to Cisco.
Customers are responsible for primary insurance on all loan cars.
Customers are responsible for programming and reconfiguring their computer.
Customers are responsible for properly labeling and packaging upgrades and prepay shipping to Cisco.
Customers are responsible for providing e-mail and radius servers.
Customers are responsible for providing prompt temperature control upon delivery.
Customers are responsible for providing their own equipment.
Customers are responsible for registrar fees.
Customers are responsible for repairs.
Customers are responsible for return shipment of all products.
Customers are responsible for return shipping charges.
Customers are responsible for return shipping costs for returns and exchanges.
Customers are responsible for return shipping costs.
Customers are responsible for returning goods.
Customers are responsible for returning racks to original condition when they terminate service.
Customers are responsible for returning the item.
Customers are responsible for securely shipping products returned to The Comfort Store.
Customers are responsible for selecting the suitability of material for their intended application.
Customers are responsible for settling their own custom charges where they apply.
Customers are responsible for shipping and handling charges on product returns.
Customers are responsible for shipping and handling costs on free samples.
Customers are responsible for shipping and handling costs.
Customers are responsible for Shipping and handling.
Customers are responsible for shipping and proof of delivery on all returns.
Customers are responsible for shipping charges and risk of loss on all return shipments.
Customers are responsible for shipping charges from returned books and software.
Customers are responsible for shipping charges on all purchased and returned items.
Customers are responsible for shipping charges on all returns.
Customers are responsible for shipping charges.
Customers are responsible for shipping costs on returned items, regardless of cause.
Customers are responsible for shipping costs.
Customers are responsible for shipping to warranty locations.
Customers are responsible for shipping.
Customers are responsible for supplying an ample amount of oxygen for their trip.
Customers are responsible for supplying artwork that meets our requirements and specifications.
Customers are responsible for taxes, shipping, duty and brokerage fees.
Customers are responsible for telephone company charges for toll calls.
Customers are responsible for the accuracy of the order.
Customers are responsible for the backing up and saving of their own web pages.
Customers are responsible for the correct use and handling of all computer hardware and software.
Customers are responsible for the cost of items at the time of shipment from the vendor.
Customers are responsible for the cost of return shipping for non-defective products.
Customers are responsible for the cost of return shipping.
Customers are responsible for the cost of shipping returned items.
Customers are responsible for the cost of the postage itself.
Customers are responsible for the cost of the returning items to the company.
Customers are responsible for the entire configuration of their server.
Customers are responsible for the entire domain site content.
Customers are responsible for the keys in their possession.
Customers are responsible for the maintenance of their home page.
Customers are responsible for the payment of library stock that has been lost or damaged .
Customers are responsible for the protection of their account and data.
Customers are responsible for the quality of DNA to be sequenced and custom sequencing primers.
Customers are responsible for the return postage.
Customers are responsible for the revalidation of the AID account supporting their activity.
Customers are responsible for the security of their own networks and machines.
Customers are responsible for the shipping charges on returned and exchanged items.
Customers are responsible for the shipping costs incurred in shipping back the product.
Customers are responsible for the taxes and duty levied by the destination country.
Customers are responsible for the total annual cost of the plan.
Customers are responsible for the use and compatibility of their own hardware and software.
Customers are responsible for their fees regardless of their use of the system.
Customers are responsible for their Internet accounts.
Customers are responsible for their own equipment.
Customers are responsible for their own production set-up.
Customers are responsible for their own telco charges.
Customers are responsible for their own travel, lodging, meal, and entertainment expenses.
Customers are responsible for their purchase decisions.
Customers are responsible for tracking and replenishing balances as purchases are made.
Customers are responsible for tracking their monthly usage hours.
Customers are responsible for trimming trees that interfere with service lines, however.
Customers are responsible to clean up after themselves.
Customers are responsible to pay for sales tax, where applicable.
Customers are responsible to pay the proper sales tax to their local taxing authority.
Customers are responsible to pick up their packages at the bus station.
Customers are resposible for all shipping charges and return shipping charges.
Customers are resposible for the safe return of the products being returned for credit.
Customers are rich and lazy.
Customers are risk averse.
Customers are sales partners.
Customers are satisfied with ease of implementation.
Customers are satisfied with the finance services provided by auto dealers.
Customers are satisfied with the quality and quantity of resultant products.
Customers are satisfied with work in the investigative process.
Customers are satisfied, the school reaps all the profits.
Customers are savvy.
Customers are sensitive about it, and rightfully so.
Customers are sick and tired of the self-focused product pusher with commission breath.
Customers are sick of loopholes and limited warranties.
Customers are slow keeping the conversations and radio at the volume of coffee pouring into a mug.
Customers are smarter today and with that comes a highly competitive selling environment.
Customers are smarter, more demanding, and have many more product alternatives.
Customers are solely liable for the content of their own Web sites.
Customers are solely responsible for all purchases and installations.
Customers are somewhat more forgiving in traditional marketing.
Customers are steady, local and loyal.
Customers are still able to complete and mail in postcards, however.
Customers are still interested in price.
Customers are still liable financially in toll fraud cases, and the carriers continue to get paid.
Customers are still responsible for their own security and network management.
Customers are still subject to disconnects, and busy signals.
Customers are subject to credit approval.
Customers are subject to depreciation.
Customers are subject to patterns.
Customers are subject to service levels, fees, privacy and usage policies of the wireless carrier.
Customers are sure to be all ears, waiting for the digi-dog's first binary bark.
Customers are surprisingly willing to share info about themselves, their preferences, habits.
Customers are suspicious of writing that evades responsibility.
Customers are the best business partners.
Customers are the best regulators of industry.
Customers are the best representation of that.
Customers are the big winners.
Customers are the business reason for our existence.
Customers are the business.
Customers are the clear winners.
Customers are the driving force behind a service organization.
Customers are the driving force behind any business, and most of the time they behave themselves.
Customers are the enemy.
Customers are the essence of our business.
Customers are the first line of support for their customers.
Customers are the focal point of our business.
Customers are the focus of our efforts.
Customers are the key ingredient of success.
Customers are the last link in the industry chain.
Customers are the lifeblood of any organization.
Customers are the lifeblood of every enterprise.
Customers are the lifeblood of our business.
Customers are the lifeblood of our organization and thus the singular focus of all our efforts.
Customers are the main asset of any business.
Customers are the major income item.
Customers are the most critical aspect of anyone's business.
Customers are the most important part of businesses.
Customers are the most important part of our business.
Customers are the most important people in any business.
Customers are the most important people in the world.
Customers are the most important.
Customers are the ones in charge of our businesses today.
Customers are the people who can choose to take their business elsewhere.
Customers are the people who pay bills.
Customers are the primary source of innovative ideas.
Customers are the reason for our existence.
Customers are the reasons that organizations exist.
Customers are the same way.
Customers are the source of sales.
Customers are the source of some of the best improvements in our products.
Customers are the telecommunications, aviation, government, commercial, and hobby markets.
Customers are the true sales experts.
Customers are the very raison d'etre for business.
Customers are the whole reason for continuously improving processes.
Customers are themselves responsible for paying duties, which vary from country to country.
Customers are themselves responsible for the appropriate labeling and packaging of sent material .
Customers are then able to sell their products at a more competitive price.
Customers are then free to use the site to place bets and gamble at their discretion.
Customers are therefore wholly responsible for all necessary connection charges.
Customers are three deep at the bar after work.
Customers are through browsing.
Customers are thus able to choose from a wide selection at the lowest possible price.
Customers are tired of being blasted with garbage.
Customers are tired of companies pushing their products.
Customers are tired of feeling like a sardine.
Customers are tired of going from place to place.
Customers are to be paid within four months.
Customers are to encounter a very high standard of services and modern internal facilities.
Customers are too fickle and have too many options to tolerate such inconveniences.
Customers are too smart for that.
Customers are totally in charge of their information's look and feel.
Customers are typically farmers and garages with immediate requirements.
Customers are typically large engineering constructors.
Customers are typically small business.
Customers are unable to combine innovations from competing companies.
Customers are under no obligation to purchase a document when one is located.
Customers are unique, provided individualized service and benefit from true market-driven prices.
Customers are unlikely to be affected by boo's collapse.
Customers are unlikely to patronise a retailer just for that reason.
Customers are up in arms when bureaucrats decide to stop offering twinkies and dingdongs.
Customers are usually confused or irritated, so the interactions are far from efficient.
Customers are usually in awe at how professional it looks and feels.
Customers are very discerning and educated.
Customers are very diverse.
Customers are very enthusiastic about our cup of coffee and about our brand.
Customers are very impatient when it comes to the Web.
Customers are very important.
Customers are very impressed with custom printed cable specs.
Customers are very nervous.
Customers are very nice people.
Customers are very pleased with our turnaround time and panel exchange pool.
Customers are very pleased with the operation of the new valve.
Customers are very pleased.
Customers are very price conscious and most are interested in emerging artists.
Customers are very satisfied.
Customers are very smart.
Customers are very vocal, via e-mail.
Customers are very, very important.
Customers are welcome and encouraged to try out equipment in the showroom.
Customers are welcome to access their meter.
Customers are welcome to attend either or both segments.
Customers are welcome to attend free workshops.
Customers are welcome to attend inspections.
Customers are welcome to bring refreshments for consumption in the snack bar.
Customers are welcome to browse and shop all of our growing facility.
Customers are welcome to browse and try instruments in the shop.
Customers are welcome to come and take their time checking out the different tattoos.
Customers are welcome to come in, browse, and try on different sizes of shoes, belts, jackets, etc.
Customers are welcome to decorate for festive events.
Customers are welcome to drop in and select the flowers of their choice.
Customers are welcome to eat in or order takeout.
Customers are welcome to inquire and view.
Customers are welcome to order product or a catalog from our website.
Customers are welcome to order sheet music by telephone as well as in the store.
Customers are welcome to place special orders from the deli with two-day advance notice.
Customers are welcome to play the piano and sing along.
Customers are welcome to redial.
Customers are welcome to stop by and sign up for services or to make payments.
Customers are welcome to take a tour of our facility and see work in progress.
Customers are welcome to telephone, E-mail or call in to make a booking.
Customers are welcome to test equipment in the showroom, which is up and running.
Customers are welcome to test equipment in the showroom.
Customers are welcome to tour our test facilities.
Customers are welcome to visit and audit our facilities.
Customers are welcome to visit and look around.
Customers are welcome to visit our facility to witness calibration and final inspection.
Customers are welcome to visit our showroom to have a look on our everlasting design.
Customers are welcome to visit our trade counter.
Customers are welcome to visit our workshops to see letter-cutting by hand taking place.
Customers are what keep companies in business, period.
Customers are where it all begins.
Customers are wild cards.
Customers are willing to buy across categories from a brand they trust.
Customers are willing to invest in a relationship if they sense the commitment is mutual.
Customers are willing to pay for solutions.
Customers are willing to pay more for perceived convenience.
Customers are willing to pay, at a reasonable price, for the managed services.
Customers are willing to purchase additional services from their local utility.
Customers are wireless carriers, device manufacturers.
Customers are world-wide corporate and leisure industry users of AV equipment.
Customers are worth their weight in gold.
Customers are young and casual.
Customers armed with low-cost equipment drive the carriers to new services.
Customers arrive at a retail store at an average rate of five per hour.
Customers arrive by pontoon boats in the summer, snowmobiles in the winter.
Customers arrive during the booking period prior to the departure date.
Customers arrive non-uniformly.
Customers arrive randomly.
Customers arriving at a store select an item from the set to purchase.
Customers arriving in person have priority over telephone customers.
Customers ask and answer some product questions.
Customers ask for bags.
Customers ask for carrier bags.
Customers ask for multi-purpose apples.
Customers ask for options.
Customers ask for plastic bags.
Customers ask for plastic carrier bags.
Customers ask for the functionality they want.
Customers ask for vegetarian options.
Customers ask for workers under age.
Customers ask how long it takes.
Customers ask questions.
Customers asking for a service probably means a company is already too slow to respond.
Customers associate credit card and privacy issues together.
Customers associate underlined text with links on Web pages.
Customers assume all responsibility for care in plant handling.
Customers assume cost of postage, insurance and handling charges.
Customers assume full ownership of their instrument's data.
Customers assume responsibility for any damage to the videotape cassettes.
Customers assumes all responsibilities for shipping cost.
Customers attain value quickly, producing solutions in Internet time.
Customers automatically receive an e-mail when their load is delivered.
Customers automatically receive the current revision of the parts ordered.
Customers bargain for prices and prices can vary significantly.
Customers become better informed about our policies and procedures.
Customers become confused or frustrated and become susceptible to overtures from competitors.
Customers become familiar with the company and therefore feel comfortable in calling.
Customers become frustrated at the delays, feeling they have no control over the situation.
Customers become loyal advocates of a business one purchase experience at a time.
Customers become more aware of a policy that can adversely affect their travel plans.
Customers become satisfied only when a company meets or, better yet, exceeds their expectations.
Customers become the main players while the sales staff act as the supporting cast.
Customers behaviour First, watch the behaviour of other customers.
Customers believe it's a really good deal.
Customers benefit as they are able to get a quick resolution to their problem.
Customers benefit as well.
Customers benefit because farmers can use less herbicide.
Customers benefit by having prompt customer service.
Customers benefit by limiting system down time during and after emergencies.
Customers benefit by obtaining homogeneous solutions for company-wide management of documents.
Customers benefit by saving time spent on the phone.
Customers benefit by the ease of ordering and a reduced price on the items they order.
Customers benefit from a full range of coverages and flexible limits, deductibles, and pricing.
Customers benefit from advanced tracking services and advanced product search tools.
Customers benefit from clear communications and proactive support for system improvements.
Customers benefit from controlled trial cost, improved data quality and reduced time to market.
Customers benefit from discounted premiums and enhanced features.
Customers benefit from faster and easier technology deployment from in-place contracts.
Customers benefit from faster and more convenient services.
Customers benefit from getting the most recent quality updates collected in one download.
Customers benefit from having their own trainer for cost effectiveness and convenience.
Customers benefit from improved Internet service performance and transmission cost savings.
Customers benefit from improved Internet service performance and transmissions cost savings.
Customers benefit from increased face time with staff.
Customers benefit from increased uptime.
Customers benefit from integrated robust features and an extensible investment.
Customers benefit from one-stop access to a complete range of services and support.
Customers benefit from optimal storage utilization and reduced management costs.
Customers benefit from our design team's close involvement with our manufacturing team.
Customers benefit from our high speed server, and high traffic website.
Customers benefit from our proven methodology for operating a profitable Prepaid business.
Customers benefit from predictive software solutions in many ways.
Customers benefit from the attention to detail by all members of our team.
Customers benefit from the guaranteed availability of technicians on a pre-arranged schedule.
Customers benefit from the larger fleet of response vehicles and improved reaction times.
Customers benefit from the maximum bandwidth available while minimizing the associated costs.
Customers benefit from vacuum insulation without the hassles of an on-site vacuum pump.
Customers benefit if they are able to shift or reduce consumption during high-cost periods.
Customers benefit through reduced costs, increased efficiency, and comprehensive solutions.
Customers benefit too.
Customers bid starting at a minimum price, with bidding proceeding upward in minimum increments.
Customers board directly their connecting flight, bypassing U.S. customs and immigration.
Customers born in the year of the snake are eligible for prizes.
Customers bring in tangible personal property and documents to be packaged for shipment.
Customers bring much-needed revenues and funding to application developers.
Customers bring their own beer, wine or champagne.
Customers bring their own food and drink.
Customers bring their own.
Customers bring to the table first-hand knowledge of present conditions and operations.
Customers browse a catalog and select items using a server-side shopping cart.
Customers browse quickly, allowing very little time to get their attention.
Customers buy a block of postage, then print the stamps electronically with laser printers.
Customers buy a particular product for many reasons.
Customers buy based on their personal experience.
Customers buy ebooks online and the book file is download into their computers.
Customers buy electricity from the distribution company.
Customers buy electronic tokens, each representing a few cents or a few dollars.
Customers buy emotionally.
Customers buy from our site in U.S. dollars.
Customers buy from salespeople who align their behaviour with the things customers value.
Customers buy from useful, up to date, easy to use web sites.
Customers buy online with confidence, and credit card security is high street bank approved.
Customers buy only one or two gloves.
Customers buy over the telephone based on emotion.
Customers buy postage electronically, recharging their meters via modem.
Customers buy prestige.
Customers buy products in order to solve their problem or satisfy their needs.
Customers buy products.
Customers buy robes with their corporate logos or monograms.
Customers buy services to solve problems or meet needs.
Customers buy several votive candles and then come back for the jars.
Customers buy solutions to their problems.
Customers buy the company and everything it stands for.
Customers buy the installation service from petitioner and direct their complaints to it.
Customers buy their vending machines which ships factory direct all over the USA and the world.
Customers buy things.
Customers buy to increase their well being.
Customers buy value.
Customers buying now can expect to wait four to six weeks on average.
Customers call and it can take days to get around to responding to their requests.
Customers call and respond to the automated telephone questionnaire using the telephone keypad.
Customers call because they think it is a network problem.
Customers call in by phone and fax or show up at the door with a list of attributes.
Customers call in with the same sort of thing.
Customers call the number and make decisions with no high pressure sales.
Customers call to ask about sale items, or check their credit, or complain, whatever.
Customers call up on a telephone and punch in requested flight scheduling.
Customers call, confused and angry.
Customers calling from within Colorado, please see the New Calling Procedures page .
Customers calling on a weekend can usually find someone in the lab.
Customers can access a descriptive profile of each contractor.
Customers can access a list of previous purchases with ease.
Customers can access a similar control panel to administer their own domains.
Customers can access copies of invoices and service call histories.
Customers can access individual pages without waiting for the entire catalog to download.
Customers can access information any time they want.
Customers can access information at their convenience - from their homes or businesses.
Customers can access it free during a trial period.
Customers can access key information over the Internet seven days a week, twenty-four hours a day.
Customers can access membership services immediately after signup.
Customers can access news, weather and sports information.
Customers can access our site to preview our vast line of office furniture and products.
Customers can access our web site and select reports for review or printing at their workstations.
Customers can access pages from a selection menu.
Customers can access real-time information from host systems.
Customers can access technical assistance in a variety of ways.
Customers can access the bakery via the retail outlet.
Customers can access the CD through the web site.
Customers can access the center via phone, fax, or e-mail.
Customers can access the data through the Internet.
Customers can access the deck from the parking area or from the restaurant area.
Customers can access the images through the catalogues on CD-ROM, too.
Customers can access the service through one of two web sites.
Customers can access the site and search selected locations across the country.
Customers can access their account status and drill down into individual invoices.
Customers can access their accounts online and new customers can open accounts online.
Customers can access their accounts online and there are many helpful investing features.
Customers can access their data via the Internet.
Customers can access their electronic mailboxes, folders and directories while they are out of the.
Customers can access their network statistics via a browser.
Customers can access their Web data from virtually any phone.
Customers can accumulate bonus points for items rented or early returns.
Customers can add a short message to their photo.
Customers can add and remove items as they browse, prior to making a final purchase decision.
Customers can add as many products to their shopping cart as they like.
Customers can add items to their wish list directly from the product page.
Customers can add more filers to the network or add more storage to a filer.
Customers can add more mailboxes by simply purchasing additional user licenses.
Customers can add or remove money from their accounts or check their balances.
Customers can add titles from the distributors' listings or from a list of popular titles.
Customers can alleviate some of the congestion in the halls by conducting their business via mail.
Customers can also access information on their own.
Customers can also access order status details at any time.
Customers can also add a redundant power supply or upgrade in the field to a master configuration.
Customers can also apply for a credit card with no annual fee.
Customers can also arrange an appointment online.
Customers can also attach documents to messages to use in the query or add to the knowledge base.
Customers can also authorize and register products directly online.
Customers can also avail of loans against their shares on the super market.
Customers can also avail themselves of convenient gift services and gift certificates.
Customers can also be valuable team members.
Customers can also bring their own beads as well.
Customers can also buy development tools such as editors and debuggers.
Customers can also buy refreshments and listen to Native holiday music.
Customers can also buy telephone time with lawyers.
Customers can also call ahead to order a custom-made cake or pie for a special event.
Customers can also call ahead, then pick up orders off the diner menu.
Customers can also call one of our service representatives and receive friendly, personal attention.
Customers can also call our customer service center for storm-related needs.
Customers can also check flight status and availability, and keep track of frequent-flier miles.
Customers can also check the status of their refund online.
Customers can also check the status of their ticket.
Customers can also check their details online using a PIN for added security.
Customers can also choose a hybrid solution, keeping some data in-house and outsourcing the rest.
Customers can also choose from a range of loose gemstones and designs.
Customers can also choose from a selection of warranty programs to best suit their needs.
Customers can also choose onsite or remote server management.
Customers can also choose to buy more energy if the price is lower.
Customers can also choose to manage their own configuration changes.
Customers can also choose to pay Israel on an hourly basis.
Customers can also choose to receive a check in the mail.
Customers can also choose to receive e-mails about new offers, products and services.
Customers can also communicate with service organizations through written comment cards.
Customers can also configure their networking products online.
Customers can also contact our help desk for immediate assistance.
Customers can also contact their local benefit offices for advice and guidance.
Customers can also contact their local benefit offices for advice.
Customers can also contact their local travel agent for assistance in ticketing a reservation.
Customers can also create custom catalogs with their favorite items.
Customers can also create their own cards using their own images and messages.
Customers can also discuss their portfolios with investment specialists at the branch.
Customers can also download bills, instead of manually typing the data into their systems.
Customers can also download digital data.
Customers can also download the grammar via the internet.
Customers can also drop jobs at the main office or any satellite center.
Customers can also drop off products they are returning.
Customers can also drop-off payments.
Customers can also establish a relationship with a dealer via Internet e-mail.
Customers can also exchange traveler's checks in a bank.
Customers can also 'fax' in their orders or 'walk in' through the door.
Customers can also file an electronic form for eligibility determination.
Customers can also get a free tapas plate with the purchase of a glass of wine.
Customers can also get a whole pie to go, with a day's advance notice.
Customers can also have accounts listing their preferences.
Customers can also have classes taught at their place of business.
Customers can also have LCD screens installed so rear-seat passengers can watch DVD movies.
Customers can also have passes and ticketbooks shipped overnight for an extra fee.
Customers can also have stones cut and polished, or cut their stones themselves.
Customers can also have their food prepared with the type of seasoning they prefer.
Customers can also host an on-demand class at their company locations.
Customers can also initiate an order for the service from the displays.
Customers can also input feedback and other data into the system.
Customers can also integrate their own caching solution into the tool.
Customers can also invite unregistered people to view files for a specific time period.
Customers can also link from our website to all the other participating merchants.
Customers can also listen to background music while they watch the weather information.
Customers can also make a complaint to the local county health department.
Customers can also make deposits and apply for loans electronically.
Customers can also make online purchases.
Customers can also mark DVDs delayed in mail.
Customers can also monitor the status of orders from their origin to final shipping.
Customers can also monitor their own energy consumption online.
Customers can also now browse and buy holidays online.
Customers can also obtain a detailed summary of their account.
Customers can also obtain stock quotes as well as track securities.
Customers can also operate with banks that are represented in Grand Cayman.
Customers can also opt for email notification about some or all security events.
Customers can also opt for transparent panels that create a greenhouse bay in any building.
Customers can also opt to have their charges reconciled and put through once a month.
Customers can also order by mail.
Customers can also order cash online in U.S., British, French or German currency.
Customers can also order customised cakes online.
Customers can also order personalized project follow-up and expert consulting.
Customers can also outsource their billing services completely or in parts.
Customers can also participate in briefings, electronic forums and teleconferences.
Customers can also pay extra to have an unlisted number.
Customers can also pay suppliers electronically.
Customers can also pay their electric bills online.
Customers can also pick up free travel literature.
Customers can also place holds and check due dates on items.
Customers can also place orders by mail, phone, or on the Internet.
Customers can also place orders via the site.
Customers can also place their order by calling or faxing to the phone numbers listed below.
Customers can also pledge a one-time gift.
Customers can also print federal, state, and local forms and send e-mails to government officials.
Customers can also produce timely reports such as their transaction history, and customer account.
Customers can also profile and baseline application behavior to speed problem resolution.
Customers can also publish their own opinions about music by reviewing and rating CDs.
Customers can also publish their own webpages here.
Customers can also purchase a special collector's cookie mold.
Customers can also purchase additional training if desired.
Customers can also purchase additional web hosting services.
Customers can also purchase an upgrade to sleeping accommodations, subject to availability.
Customers can also purchase chef-prepared meals, ready to reheat and serve.
Customers can also purchase gift certificates on-line.
Customers can also purchase on-site support on a per incident basis.
Customers can also purchase stamps and pre-paid phone cards.
Customers can also purchase their own electric meters .
Customers can also purchase various souvenirs.
Customers can also put on as much topping as they want.
Customers can also query stock levels, check their order status or confirm orders.
Customers can also receive e-mail confirmation of bookings.
Customers can also receive rate quotes and track the status and location of shipments online.
Customers can also receive special discounts on featured study guides and other products.
Customers can also renew or amend existing applications.
Customers can also rent a car with a child seat, ski rack, mobile phone and more.
Customers can also request a FREE guide to home buying.
Customers can also request catalogs online.
Customers can also request credit limit changes via e-mail.
Customers can also request materials from outside of the Maryland network.
Customers can also request quotes and receive responses from company engineers immediately.
Customers can also request shipping services and gift wrapping online.
Customers can also retrieve educational materials and industry news from the site.
Customers can also retrieve files by FTP using a web browser.
Customers can also review how the personal information has been used and to whom it has been sent.
Customers can also review their billing system to ascertain their current payment status.
Customers can also run more copies because they can print the entire front of the label.
Customers can also save by shopping for the best electricity prices offered by different ESCOs.
Customers can also search by category or price range.
Customers can also search for trademarked names here.
Customers can also search in each category listed above.
Customers can also see common loads and submit a form to get a quote.
Customers can also see which checks have been cashed and can correspond with the bank by e-mail.
Customers can also select a chef special to go with the buffet.
Customers can also select from a variety of deductible and coinsurance options.
Customers can also select how and when to be notified on a daily basis.
Customers can also select seat preferences, meal preferences and other special needs.
Customers can also set the initial password for newly created accounts.
Customers can also set up a personal page through a Web interface.
Customers can also specify the color of the main text area.
Customers can also spread the cost of the customer s usage throughout the year.
Customers can also store the parameters of their favorite ad hoc queries for later use.
Customers can also submit new questions for a prompt, personal response.
Customers can also submit or review technical support incidents via our web site.
Customers can also submit Reports directly using a Web page.
Customers can also supply their own material.
Customers can also supply there own garments.
Customers can also take advantage of emergency after-hours support.
Customers can also take advantage of our parcel scheme.
Customers can also take advantage of several server hosting options.
Customers can also take out a travel and car insurance on-line.
Customers can also track their package and request e-mail delivery notification.
Customers can also track their packages online.
Customers can also transfer funds between their accounts.
Customers can also transfer to standard seats.
Customers can also try their hand at spinning.
Customers can also update changing contact data, all online.
Customers can also upgrade their server architecture at anytime without penalty.
Customers can also upgrade via the retail channel.
Customers can also upload files to the server.
Customers can also use a fragrance search engine.
Customers can also use a Web browser for online investing and for purchasing airline tickets.
Customers can also use any touch tone telephone to access services, messages or alarms.
Customers can also use dial-up connections, and access services like email remotely.
Customers can also use formed sheet metal supports.
Customers can also use the link to send questions about the operation of the equipment.
Customers can also view account information online.
Customers can also view the Web page contents while listening to the company's audio message.
Customers can also walk into the fields to pick.
Customers can always find great clothes at great prices for adults, kids and baby.
Customers can always opt back in when they want to receive information.
Customers can analyze and process their acquired images with our software.
Customers can and do answer our probes as they see fit.
Customers can and do change.
Customers can and do react by switching their business elsewhere.
Customers can apply for a debit card.
Customers can apply for a mortgage on-line and receive approval in principle.
Customers can apply for an EEIP loan through participating contractors .
Customers can apply for credit cards.
Customers can apply for overdraft protection, but there is no computer banking.
Customers can apply on-line.
Customers can apply plot styles at the layer level to control the objects plotting characteristics.
Customers can appreciate that Alaska salmon is a great choice for everyday modern life.
Customers can arrange pick-up and delivery of an order.
Customers can arrange their own transportation.
Customers can ask and check the problem by phone, too.
Customers can ask for design ideas and technical instructions from staff.
Customers can ask questions, learn how a solution meets their needs, and put a product to the test.
Customers can ask the cook to put anything they want in their egg creation.
Customers can at their option separately enable an address bar, toolbar, and links bar.
Customers can avoid the charge by requesting their bill be delivered separately or paying online.
Customers can bank worldwide, by phone, mail and automated teller machines.
Customers can be a fickle group and are difficult to figure out.
Customers can be anywhere in the world.
Customers can be as simple or as decorative as they choose.
Customers can be businesses, individuals and organizations.
Customers can be complex.
Customers can be confident that every product is produced to meet the most demanding specifications.
Customers can be confident that their personal information is kept confidential.
Customers can be difficult, angry, abusive and frustrating.
Customers can be either internal or external to an organization.
Customers can be frustrating.
Customers can be individuals with home offices as well as company executives and college professors.
Customers can be quite demanding and, in Boston, quite rude at times.
Customers can be quite upset when they discover that they paid more than others.
Customers can be rude or mean at times.
Customers can be rude, offensive, selfish, over-demanding, disrespectful, etc.
Customers can be the best sources of new ideas for products and services.
Customers can be truly delighted.
Customers can begin placing orders by fax, phone, e-mail and snail mail immediately.
Customers can begin the process for free.
Customers can belong to more than one operator class.
Customers can benefit by participation with ready access and constant availability.
Customers can benefit from a lot of competition because of better pricing and service.
Customers can benefit from our globally organised operations and network of service companies.
Customers can bid on a key word, instead of category placement.
Customers can book immediately.
Customers can both order and manage their policies on their own without any input from the company.
Customers can bring a truck and load their own, buy by the bag, or get delivery.
Customers can bring class projects to work on at their leisure.
Customers can bring the coupon list to a supermarket and receive discounts on grocery items.
Customers can broaden their research capability without increasing overhead.
Customers can browse a book at the tables and chairs located along the upstairs windows.
Customers can browse a dynamic catalog, placing purchases in a convenient shopping cart.
Customers can browse an online catalog and make selections, paying with a credit card.
Customers can browse and shop without logging on, and put things in their shopping baskets.
Customers can browse CD catalogue and place orders online.
Customers can browse inventory, view catalog images, modify unfilled orders and confirm shipment.
Customers can browse products and services and place orders in a shopping cart.
Customers can browse the catalog, order online and pay by check or credit card easily.
Customers can browse the site and use the shopping cart feature.
Customers can browse the site by product groupings or by keyword searches.
Customers can browse through the largest fishing and hunting departments in Texas.
Customers can browse through the online catalog of dairy and beef sires and dams.
Customers can browse through the wide selection of fishing lures and make purchases online.
Customers can browse, read excerpts and purchase downloadable titles.
Customers can browse, view, search and order products.
Customers can build their own presentation online previewing it as they go.
Customers can buy a house, a car, or a boat by simply clicking on the dotted line.
Customers can buy a policy to insure against lost revenues due to security breaches.
Customers can buy all-day wrist bands or pay by the ride.
Customers can buy and reuse jugs for water, thereby reducing waste.
Customers can buy and sell on the way to the airport.
Customers can buy and sell second-hand cars via the platform.
Customers can buy and sell stocks, and manage their portfolios online.
Customers can buy artwork of all kinds and artists can be internet published.
Customers can buy as many blocks of wind energy as they wish.
Customers can buy as much marijuana as they want at a time, but can come in only once per day.
Customers can buy by credit card at the click of a mouse.
Customers can buy coffee and wander through the stacks with cup in hand.
Customers can buy for both business and personal use.
Customers can buy fresh, high quality, local, seasonal produce direct from the producer.
Customers can buy from a huge inventory at the lowest manufacturer-direct prices in the region.
Customers can buy hosting plans on their own or associated with a specific domain name.
Customers can buy listed products or request quotes for more complex services.
Customers can buy microscopy accessories from the on-line catalog.
Customers can buy products from anyone.
Customers can buy publications via our mail-order service.
Customers can buy reports online, specifying one or two competitors for in-depth comparisons.
Customers can buy slight seconds directly from the workshop at bargain prices.
Customers can buy some or all depending on their needs.
Customers can buy speakers and other audio components.
Customers can buy stamps and postal stationery and they can mail letters and parcels.
Customers can buy standard vocabulary databases or make up their own.
Customers can buy tailored systems based on the applications needed and the number of users.
Customers can buy tea to make at home or stay and sip their favorite blend.
Customers can buy the product today and take it home today.
Customers can buy the software or use it as a hosted service.
Customers can call a toll free number for any question or information about their furniture.
Customers can call any time of the day, from anywhere in the world.
Customers can call any time, day or night, regardless of what time zone they're in.
Customers can call anytime for prompt pick up, or schedule the pickup in advance.
Customers can call companies without bearing the cost of the telephone calls.
Customers can call for any difficulties over their transaction.
Customers can call for rates and details.
Customers can call in their order or pick out their bird on site.
Customers can call in to discuss status of connections and any concerns.
Customers can call toll-free for help anywhere in the United States or Canada.
Customers can cancel at any time.
Customers can cancel service any time.
Customers can cancel service at any time.
Customers can cancel their accounts at any time.
Customers can cancel their recurring billing at anytime.
Customers can cancel their service at any time, without written notice.
Customers can capture any business process on any device or platform.
Customers can centralize and therefore save money with server-based applications.
Customers can change or update their listings at any time then instantly save to the web.
Customers can change orders at the last minute and still receive on-time shipments.
Customers can change programs or services as many times as they want.
Customers can change their electric suppliers at any time.
Customers can check at the information desk for help to locate available titles.
Customers can check bandwidth stats, billing information and control email administration.
Customers can check if their orders being processed.
Customers can check on the status of a room whenever they want.
Customers can check on the status of their account at any time by calling customer service.
Customers can check one place to find the rare book they want.
Customers can check online rather than calling customer service to see the status of their order.
Customers can check order status and make product inquiries.
Customers can check our webpage for the latest titles.
Customers can check out the merchandise before ordering at Gateway Country.
Customers can check out the program before buying.
Customers can check product availability when they place an order.
Customers can check stocks.
Customers can check the server names and availability here .
Customers can check the status of a shipment.
Customers can check the status of their accounts on supplier information systems.
Customers can check the status of their order or account at any time.
Customers can check the status of their tickets anytime.
Customers can check the time they've spent online.
Customers can check their freight rates online.
Customers can check their order status and history on-line.
Customers can check with the place of purchase to determine what was programmed in the telephone.
Customers can checkout and renew library materials at either of the circulation desks.
Customers can choose a new electricity provider.
Customers can choose a state that they wish to search for park information.
Customers can choose all or nothing.
Customers can choose any four from the list.
Customers can choose any term up to three years.
Customers can choose appropriate space to accommodate their equipments.
Customers can choose between a morning or afternoon tour, with each lasting about seven hours.
Customers can choose between an indemnity-style, agreed benefits or business expenses plan.
Customers can choose between different levels of a managed service.
Customers can choose between furniture featured in the show rooms or in an extensive catalogue.
Customers can choose between three methods of payment, invoice, cash on delivery or credit card.
Customers can choose between two different options.
Customers can choose between two types of service by the mile and by the hour.
Customers can choose delivery, or, if there's a store nearby, pick up merchandise there.
Customers can choose different items to produce a brand new and exclusive combination.
Customers can choose either a free trial for the online version, or the CD-ROM version.
Customers can choose either analog or digital cellular technology.
Customers can choose fabric, color, and sizes directly from the site.
Customers can choose from a hodgepodge of end tables, ottomans, mattresses and bar stools.
Customers can choose from a menu of attributes, prices and delivery options.
Customers can choose from a plain exit tray with electronic sorting or a nine bin mailbox.
Customers can choose from a range of available pre-built data marts.
Customers can choose from a range of thousands of seals to suit their particular application.
Customers can choose from a range of three cost-effective packages that meets their requirements.
Customers can choose from a selection of books and other materials.
Customers can choose from a selection of in-stock clothing, or order from any of three catalogs.
Customers can choose from a variety of fully integrated print engines.
Customers can choose from a variety of toppings, thin or thick crust, even an all-garlic pizza.
Customers can choose from a wide range of accessories to customise the way they work.
Customers can choose from a wide range of accessories to customize the way they work.
Customers can choose from a wide range of products to customize an online package.
Customers can choose from a wide selection of clothes and equipment.
Customers can choose from a wide selection of newspapers and magazines.
Customers can choose from a wide variety of shipment selection, data item and sort sequence options.
Customers can choose from an exploding number of products, services and purchasing channels.
Customers can choose from any of the six value added bundles for various applications.
Customers can choose from cabinet racks, community cages and private cages.
Customers can choose from foldable or solid models with wrought iron handles.
Customers can choose from many standard plans or they can design their own custom home.
Customers can choose from millions of new and out of print titles.
Customers can choose from multiple software and hardware solutions for their applications.
Customers can choose from one of three rate plans that best meets their calling needs.
Customers can choose from our various support plan options as detailed below.
Customers can choose from popular titles of educational and non-print materials.
Customers can choose from pull-down menus of such indicators as size, price, and availability.
Customers can choose from the company's in-house collections or provide their own designs.
Customers can choose from three types according to circuit design.
Customers can choose honey or the more traditional reddish tone.
Customers can choose individual services or bundle several together.
Customers can choose online service plans to fit their Internet needs.
Customers can choose place and time to access electronic channels.
Customers can choose refrigerators that reflect their income, aesthetics and even lifestyle.
Customers can choose spring reset shanks or rigid shanks.
Customers can choose the best options to get the computing appliance that best meets their needs.
Customers can choose the fabric and even the amount of tapering on the leg.
Customers can choose the level of service they receive online.
Customers can choose the option that best meets their educational requirements.
Customers can choose the product's scent, color and packaging.
Customers can choose the program best suited to their requirements.
Customers can choose the program that best suits their needs.
Customers can choose the QoS level for each discrete application.
Customers can choose their base currency for each of their portfolios.
Customers can choose their datasets based on geographic criteria using online maps.
Customers can choose their own custom-made interiors after buying the shell.
Customers can choose their own design for the quilt.
Customers can choose their preferred metering software.
Customers can choose to download their favorite logos or graphics and ringing tones for free.
Customers can choose to have a single scoop, a double scoop, or a triple scoop of ice cream.
Customers can choose to have their content cached in just one region, or all five.
Customers can choose to keep or return each video in the series, as in the Book of the Month Club.
Customers can choose to keep their identities confidential.
Customers can choose to pay online by credit card or offline through check or demand draft.
Customers can choose to pick up the orders from any of our outlets.
Customers can choose to purchase different levels of support according to their needs.
Customers can choose to purchase energy in either fixed blocks or as a percentage of their usage.
Customers can choose to register as account customers and enjoy free pick-up service.
Customers can choose to securely store credit card information in their account records.
Customers can choose to stay with their current utility.
Customers can choose to use either scoring method.
Customers can choose, hold, alter and then order products, choosing payment and delivery methods.
Customers can chose to ignore it on their account page - no harm is done.
Customers can clean up their core process and greatly simplify how an organization operates.
Customers can click here to check ship status.
Customers can click on an icon and chat instantly with a customer service representative.
Customers can click on any geographical area and bring up information on shipments in that locale.
Customers can click on any products shown in the website to take a closer look.
Customers can click on food categories, see pictures and prices, and add purchases to a cart.
Customers can click to send an e-mail message.
Customers can collect their purchases at a store or can have items shipped.
Customers can collect their tickets at the specified pick-up point on match day.
Customers can come to a central hall to see the manufacturers' products.
Customers can come to the farm as well and pick their own pumpkins from the vines.
Customers can come visit the farm anytime to tag the tree they want to harvest.
Customers can communicate with the bank whether at home, work, or traveling.
Customers can compare funds from different companies, make investments and manage their accounts.
Customers can compare lenders and apply for their financial products at the company's Web site.
Customers can compare products' capabilities.
Customers can compare providers, services, and pricing plans, and make informed decisions.
Customers can compare ticket prices and book online without the use of a travel agent.
Customers can comparison shop without feeling obligated to buy from any one company.
Customers can compile, install, and run own scripts and even daemons.
Customers can conduct business with government over the same counter for the whole of government.
Customers can contact the logyard with the information presented on the logyards list page.
Customers can contact the team for assistance via e-mail or telephone seven days per week.
Customers can contact their nearest customer service department for more information.
Customers can continue to book flights on Delta with confidence.
Customers can continue to use the product as a car seat or in combination with the stroller.
Customers can continuously show their approval with their wallets and their feet.
Customers can control supplier access to inventory information down to the item and location level.
Customers can convert points to prizes, too.
Customers can convert their existing resources themselves.
Customers can cost-effectively add filers or tape drives as backup needs change.
Customers can count on excellent technical assistance and after sales service.
Customers can count on the store being open and plan their visits accordingly.
Customers can create a list of e-mail addresses of friends and colleagues that they want to let in.
Customers can create and submit RFPs for their requirements and find the best-fit providers.
Customers can create custom furnishings, painted, stenciled or finished in a variety of ways.
Customers can create detailed reports, customized to their specific needs.
Customers can create lists for sharing by other users.
Customers can create their own menu online.
Customers can create their own network of co-workers, business partners, suppliers, etc.
Customers can create their own training content in the form of custom learning objects.
Customers can currently order business cards online.
Customers can customise the complete package according to their specific needs and requirements.
Customers can customize all pick-list data for their own use.
Customers can customize their billing and payment options to accommodate their individual needs.
Customers can customize their spa at time of sale and anytime in the future.
Customers can cut through the marketing hype by asking for detailed independent test lab results.
Customers can deal online.
Customers can decide which content categories sex, violence, drugs, hate or even sports to filter.
Customers can decide which implementation level is needed to satisfy their operational requirements.
Customers can define and monitor their own policies without investing in capital equipment.
Customers can define their own levels of self-sufficiency.
Customers can define their specific areas of interest of any location on the Earth's surface.
Customers can deposit cash, checks or a combination.
Customers can design a desk for their lifestyle.
Customers can design different variations, special messages or personalizations on their products.
Customers can design their website online or over the phone with a company representative.
Customers can designate a sequencing to balance storage inventory with their no-notice activity.
Customers can determine their blood-alcohol level by placing a test strip on their tongues.
Customers can determine where media investments are being made by advertiser and brand.
Customers can dial back in after being disconnected.
Customers can dine in or get it to go, and tamales are a takeout specialty.
Customers can dine in or take out.
Customers can disallow cookies.
Customers can discover a selection of items with a Christian or inspirational theme.
Customers can dive their favorites or explore new locations.
Customers can do all their banking transactions while sitting at home.
Customers can do anything from checking their account balances to applying for a mortgage.
Customers can do everything from simply checking on an account balance to applying for a mortgage.
Customers can do their own customization once they're up and running.
Customers can donate any amount of money.
Customers can download a snippet of the game for free, to play-test it.
Customers can download an update from here .
Customers can download as many leads as they want and as often as they like.
Customers can download catalogues, brochures and prices lists.
Customers can download music samples and also purchase music if they decide to.
Customers can download new information from the Internet onto the CD-ROMs as well.
Customers can download new look and get started without training.
Customers can download product upgrades directly from the support web page.
Customers can download software as well as documentation from our ftp site while on line.
Customers can download stories in various formats or receive stories by e-mail.
Customers can download the files to their personal computers or other devices.
Customers can download the images onto their PCs when they get home.
Customers can download the latest updates here.
Customers can download the latest versions from the products page.
Customers can download transactions and update account balances on a daily basis.
Customers can download updates to most products by installing the latest demo release.
Customers can drill down the menu for further information such as key dates and issue price.
Customers can drink coffee there and still stay warm and dry despite the Portland rain.
Customers can drive directly to the quarry during our regular business hours.
Customers can easily access consistent answers to a majority of their questions anytime, anywhere.
Customers can easily access their billing, thus reducing customer service costs.
Customers can easily activate the light with the push of a button.
Customers can easily add servers and storage as their business demands grow.
Customers can easily add servers and storage incrementally as their business demands grow.
Customers can easily add-in additional information once they receive their converted core data.
Customers can easily and quickly make themselves heard.
Customers can easily customise the chip to their specific system requirements.
Customers can easily customize and also share form letters across an entire team.
Customers can easily deliver advertisements keyed to the search terms site visitors are using.
Customers can easily deploy their voice, email or fax services.
Customers can easily edit and modify design graphics.
Customers can easily find what they are looking for because the store is sectioned by costume type.
Customers can easily initiate and monitor service calls at their own convenience.
Customers can easily retrieve the check images from the CD-ROM discs using virtually any computer.
Customers can easily search through a large number of products.
Customers can easily see what has been accomplished and comment on how the program can be improved.
Customers can easily select services by pushing buttons on their web browser.
Customers can easily swap out one repository for another.
Customers can easily tailor their own Internet streaming events and services.
Customers can easily turn their service off or on from their mobile phone.
Customers can easily view policy, coverage, and driver and vehicle information.
Customers can eat the dish with a fork.
Customers can edit their selections before they check out.
Customers can edit up to three project fields at any time.
Customers can either bid for placement or key words.
Customers can either buy work on display or commission unique and original pieces from the artists.
Customers can either call by phone aided by a catalogue or order through the internet.
Customers can electronically locate and order products at market prices or better.
Customers can email or fax in their important papers for digital safe keeping at a secured site.
Customers can enhance the recognition technology by integrating their own domain specific knowledge.
Customers can enjoy a beer watching their favourite game on television.
Customers can enjoy sports programs shown on large screen televisions throughout the restaurant.
Customers can enjoy sports programs shown on large screen televisions.
Customers can enjoy the waterfront amenities while watching the ships sail the working harbor.
Customers can enjoy tobacco flavored with apple and honey aromas.
Customers can ensure maximum security for corporate resources.
Customers can enter bug reports and query existing ones.
Customers can enter incident reports and track their incidents through the system.
Customers can enter once a day everyday.
Customers can enter problems whenever they want.
Customers can enter the system from a variety of points.
Customers can enter their own company's information directly on the web.
Customers can enter to win three free computers with free internet access.
Customers can establish , transfer , or terminate residential utility services online.
Customers can establish credit, ask about our billing requirements.
Customers can establish, transfer, or terminate residential utility services online .
Customers can establish, transfer, or terminate residential utility services online.
Customers can evaluate several products at a time with unlimited user access.
Customers can even book the service merchant of their choice right online.
Customers can even call the truck on a cell phone or by accessing the tracking software.
Customers can even chat, collaborate on an interactive whiteboard, or take a poll of participants.
Customers can even choose the color of the stitching of the leather upholstery.
Customers can even create their own micro-image collections for highly personalized montage making.
Customers can even define which experts are going to receive their questions.
Customers can even exchange E-cash between themselves from one card to another.
Customers can even explore the additional benefits of overpayments.
Customers can even find agents by language spoken, a real benefit in cosmopolitan New York.
Customers can even have a bike custom-made from the ground up.
Customers can even have products individually tailored to their precise information requirements.
Customers can even leave the session and come back on another day to continue the shopping.
Customers can even make credit-card purchases.
Customers can even move funds in some accounts.
Customers can even order from their boats if they like to dine in a more causal setting.
Customers can even place special orders.
Customers can even print out their own colorful gift certificates securely online.
Customers can even program their own enrollment procedures into special purpose clients.
Customers can even select a particular payment card from among several in the e-wallet.
Customers can even select the type of font and formatting to use for the fax.
Customers can even set their own delivery date and choose a delivery method.
Customers can even use the site for creative inspiration with featured garments pictured.
Customers can examine the different baskets online and then order immediately.
Customers can examine the equipment, fill out necessary forms and request the equipment.
Customers can exclude any individual telemanagement report, if necessary.
Customers can exit the program through a phone call to the utility.
Customers can expect a full range of web services and features.
Customers can expect a quality product.
Customers can expect a rate hike with the new system.
Customers can expect a secure purchase, and personal information is safe.
Customers can expect expedient responses from software engineers eager to provide solutions.
Customers can expect further cuts in the future.
Customers can expect hand pruning and maintenance without pesticides.
Customers can expect higher than normal electric bills during times of higher than normal usage.
Customers can expect improved delivery time and reduction in mailing costs.
Customers can expect more room, more listening stations and the ability to search online.
Customers can expect reliable service, on-time delivery, and exactly what they signed on for.
Customers can expect some hot prices.
Customers can expect the service to be unavailable the entire business day.
Customers can expect their water to be turned on usually the following day.
Customers can expect to be put on a waiting list for at least a couple of weeks, dealers say.
Customers can expect to benefit from a local team that is committed to a sustained relationship.
Customers can expect to pay one cent more for a first class postage stamp.
Customers can expect to receive exceptional service from our local, professional managers and staff.
Customers can expect to receive their bills at approximately the same time each month.
Customers can expect to see alternatives introduced into the marketplace in the next several years.
Customers can explore styling options, colors and materials with experienced design assistance.
Customers can feel confident they are getting the best lighting products at wholesale prices.
Customers can feel equally comfortable in casual or professional attire.
Customers can feel good about the flowers and supporting the research.
Customers can feel they have a special place online, as cozy and familiar as the corner coffee shop.
Customers can fill out bill payments on-screen and review pending payments.
Customers can filter, forward and reply to home or office e-mail addresses via their wireless phone.
Customers can finalize mortgages, sign insurance contracts, or open brokerage accounts.
Customers can find a style to suit most any taste.
Customers can find an expansive selection of software and computer related products and services.
Customers can find anything from sterling and porcelain to Cameo and art glass.
Customers can find books on every topic under the sun.
Customers can find information quickly.
Customers can find items with catalog search, put items in the shopping cart and pay with security.
Customers can find out about an array of products and services on our site.
Customers can find out exactly when to expect their products.
Customers can find out more about the people they are talking to.
Customers can find products, services and information easily.
Customers can find related map information.
Customers can find the information they want, when they want it.
Customers can find the product and services they want and the prices they are willing to pay.
Customers can focus on the study of a variety of topics.
Customers can focus their resources toward patients, staff and visitors.
Customers can follow the link to see which telephone-related products they've bought before.
Customers can follow the menu suggestions provided to build a healthy and delicious meal plan.
Customers can freely decide the width of our commitment in the project.
Customers can freely put on skins they logotypes, names and advertisement.
Customers can freely share information within the home without the intervention of the firewall.
Customers can fuel up here and use the transient moorage sites to go walk through our little town.
Customers can further customize the filters by adding or subtracting sites from the block lists.
Customers can gain access to the real-time booking status from across all the centers.
Customers can generally receive and answer within one hour of making a support request.
Customers can generate on-line shipment report summaries.
Customers can get a copy of the posting details from the sender of the parcel.
Customers can get access to information online, instead of calling customer service or sales.
Customers can get an online newsletter and an updated list of events.
Customers can get answers to their questions quickly, accurately, and painlessly.
Customers can get as close as possible to their final destination at night.
Customers can get auto work done by their past mechanics who have access to their vehicle's history.
Customers can get better quality prints in a shorter period of time.
Customers can get deposit back at any time.
Customers can get exactly the same information from the Web, from the call center, etc.
Customers can get exactly what they want and more.
Customers can get experience with new products before they buy.
Customers can get fabric samples in one day rather than weeks.
Customers can get free consultation on proper use and maintenance of equipment.
Customers can get frustrated and go to a competitor that is simply a click away.
Customers can get help preparing a resume and can fax it to employers.
Customers can get in and out quickly if they choose, but if they want to browse, that s easy too.
Customers can get information quickly and easily at any time.
Customers can get information, ask questions, and open accounts using the Internet.
Customers can get information, lodge complaints, email questions and so on.
Customers can get personal attention and good conversation with their coffee.
Customers can get PINs through secured weblink or email instantly anytime and anywhere.
Customers can get prototypes and can get their products a lot quicker, with shorter lead times.
Customers can get status information about their deliveries in minutes.
Customers can get their ads in the papers on shorter notice.
Customers can get their coffee hot or iced.
Customers can get their deposit back at any time.
Customers can get their keys to activate new software through the Web.
Customers can get their needed map information quickly, easily, and at no cost.
Customers can get to know one technician on a first-name basis.
Customers can get troubleshooting assistance, reference and referral assistance and more.
Customers can get up and running immediately without developing an application.
Customers can get up to two free packs of the paper.
Customers can give away the organizer with their logos.
Customers can give the feedback needed to continually improve the Web site.
Customers can go directly to a participating hotel to use the pass, without reservations.
Customers can go into and out of any method without the loss of collected information.
Customers can go on the site to view their product during the manufacturing process.
Customers can go one place to get answers to their questions.
Customers can go online to sell shares in a fund or to reapportion their money among funds.
Customers can go to one place to get answers to their questions.
Customers can go to one website and save countless research hours.
Customers can go to the catalog and ask to see something about wind flow analysis.
Customers can grab a quick meal or snack to eat in or take out.
Customers can halve the cost of international calls.
Customers can have access to information on the unique items and prices available at nearby stores.
Customers can have access to the source code and there is no limit on how they use it.
Customers can have competing interests.
Customers can have many orders.
Customers can have multiple edge routers on the customer premise.
Customers can have multiple shipping addresses.
Customers can have new negatives made, or put their pictures on CD ROM or computer disk.
Customers can have one address for delivery and another for billing.
Customers can have quality artwork delivered to their door ready for display.
Customers can have the flexibility to scale their processing power without sacrificing space.
Customers can have the remainder put on their account as credit.
Customers can have their fish cut, frozen and packed to ship home.
Customers can have their photographs taken with lion cubs and muzzled bears.
Customers can have their tanks measured as often as they wish.
Customers can have unlimited multiplayer as well as track in detail player statistics.
Customers can hear our attitude in our tone.
Customers can help by conserving.
Customers can help themselves in many instances.
Customers can help work their ship if they wish or just relax.
Customers can hold assets and cash in various currencies within their portfolios.
Customers can host multiple domains on a single server.
Customers can identify a particular bank as a recipient of a check.
Customers can identify labor markets and determine qualifications for jobs.
Customers can identify participating sites by the easyPAY logo on the street signs.
Customers can immediately purchase the CD in the store or through the partner's web site.
Customers can immediately see and feel functional and aesthetic improvements in their buildings.
Customers can implement some pretty complex switching hierarchies.
Customers can include coupons, advertisements or educational statements on printed bags.
Customers can incorporate maps into the work they do every day.
Customers can increase bandwidth in smaller, more cost-effective increments.
Customers can increase their bandwidth usage at any time.
Customers can increase their level of privacy by using data encryption.
Customers can increase their odds of winning with each additional on-line purchase.
Customers can initiate a live chat session with customer-service reps.
Customers can initiate chargebacks against merchants after paying via their ecount.
Customers can initiate conference calls involving up to three additional parties.
Customers can inquire, complain, send referrals, suggest improvements and even buy.
Customers can inspect any product instantly.
Customers can inspect the results of water testing for their area, free of charge.
Customers can install drives while the system is running or back up data without shutting down.
Customers can install filtration systems that can remove fluoride from the water.
Customers can instantly connect to one of our operators through their web browser.
Customers can instantly establish an account through their web browser with their credit card.
Customers can instantly interact with choose from among a wider array of competing alternatives.
Customers can instantly reorder the same product with a click.
Customers can interact directly through moderated, online chat events.
Customers can interact from work or home through the internet at their convenience.
Customers can interact with online knowledge base to find solutions to their problems.
Customers can invest in stock options, bonds, and mutual funds.
Customers can just log back into their account and immediately re-download any books they've bought.
Customers can keep an eye on their phone bills and Internet usage fees.
Customers can keep DVDs and watch for a full week.
Customers can keep order details stored in the database, for future use.
Customers can key in information or scan the renewal notice barcode to begin a transaction.
Customers can know for sure the product is on the way.
Customers can know immediately if there is a problem wih their credit card.
Customers can know the exact length of the call, the number called, and the time and cost per call.
Customers can know they are getting what they paid for without having to complain.
Customers can know where their loads are at all times.
Customers can later determine a repair status by entering their returns authorization number.
Customers can later return to the site to see what further input has been given to their case.
Customers can learn about widgets, ask specific questions and even order one.
Customers can lease a complete, turn-key system identical to systems available for purchase.
Customers can leave a message or ask a question anytime.
Customers can leave their names, e-mail addresses, and comments.
Customers can link to it from the catalog.
Customers can list any brand of computer on the site.
Customers can load up their electronic shopping carts, place orders, and pay securely.
Customers can locate a job in the active job display.
Customers can lodge documents and fees at the counter during the above hours.
Customers can log in to the Customer Area here .
Customers can log on and look for different brand names.
Customers can log on here or the button above.
Customers can log on, pay a small fee and then transmit messages to somebody who has a box.
Customers can log onto the Internet and dynamically enter criteria for their desired list.
Customers can log service requests, check status of problems and receive proactive status reports.
Customers can look at browse while they wait for their order.
Customers can look for products in their own backyard, too.
Customers can look forward to a faster and more certain service as a result.
Customers can look forward to a most unique and pleasurable car shopping experience.
Customers can look forward to the introduction of new recipes each year.
Customers can look up their cargo in a variety of ways.
Customers can look up to see the rafters and the original wooden shingle roof.
Customers can magnify the image and interactively select different styles of mats and frames.
Customers can mail their payment using the return envelope provided with the bill.
Customers can maintain their own site.
Customers can make a better value decision.
Customers can make a payment from anywhere in the world.
Customers can make a payment on account at any store.
Customers can make a phone call, put their waste in a container and schedule a pickup.
Customers can make a purchase with one click of the mouse.
Customers can make any changes on a whim.
Customers can make calls or send faxes to and from computers, phones, or fax machines.
Customers can make corrections and request changes along the way.
Customers can make inquiries to a call center from their PCs at their convenience.
Customers can make more informed decisions about their travel.
Customers can make multiple deposits during the specific period.
Customers can make one call and receive all of their telecommunications needs.
Customers can make payment on a monthly and yearly bases.
Customers can make payments on a weekly, every other week, or monthly basis.
Customers can make purchases on or offline.
Customers can make purchases on the Internet with cash or check.
Customers can make purchases online with credit card transaction details held on a secure server.
Customers can make purchases via e-commerce with credit cards or an open account.
Customers can make reservations by phone or via the Internet.
Customers can make secure transactions, including transfers, reordering checks, etc.
Customers can make sure their images load rapidly and then fix it themselves.
Customers can make unlimited changes, at no extra cost.
Customers can make voice calls during a data session.
Customers can make voice calls even while using the Internet.
Customers can make VoIP calls to intracompany destinations or off-net.
Customers can manage their own directory presentation with easy to use menus.
Customers can meet their current needs and expand service levels as their needs increase.
Customers can modify the application to their specific needs.
Customers can modify their coverage and receive policy information electronically.
Customers can monitor shipments throughout the entire transportation process.
Customers can monitor their account usage from the first of each month by clicking here.
Customers can more easily communicate with their suppliers.
Customers can move from one to the other easily.
Customers can move their business to competitors with the click of a button.
Customers can no longer endure the provisioning delays associated with deploying legacy circuits.
Customers can nominate a shop, business or organization that provides a superior level of service.
Customers can nominate groups yearly to receive funding.
Customers can nominate nonprofit groups to receive funding each year.
Customers can nominate nonprofit groups to receive funding.
Customers can normally use the system without modifying firewalls or other network settings.
Customers can now access and examine campus data from their desktop using ad hoc query tools.
Customers can now access reports, on a daily as opposed to monthly basis, directly over the Web.
Customers can now add extensive text-searching to many existing applications.
Customers can now also order physical checkbooks for the online and mobile account.
Customers can now automatically receive an e-mail confirming their order.
Customers can now check on their trouble tickets and see the status of each ticket.
Customers can now choose from suppliers and merchants from a much larger area than ever before.
Customers can now choose the kind of power they want to support.
Customers can now choose the platform that is appropriate to the task or user.
Customers can now design and get pricing on storage buildings by using our electronic quote page.
Customers can now design their own custom computer systems.
Customers can now do complex searches on music files on the Web.
Customers can now easily engage the company in real conversations.
Customers can now find answers to some of the most frequently asked questions about our products.
Customers can now have the tools to better describe their goals for their custom software.
Customers can now look to one source for their cross-platform integration needs.
Customers can now maintain their own pricing, adjusting prices to maximize revenue.
Customers can now make crisp and clear copies of materials.
Customers can now modify their company information and log a support issue using a web browser.
Customers can now order direct from the U.S. office if they reside in the U.S. or Canada.
Customers can now pay their bills in an easy and convenient manner.
Customers can now perform the entire transaction online lookup, licensing, and taking delivery.
Customers can now place orders and pay for it through credit cards over the Web.
Customers can now purchase roses, orchids and gift certificates online.
Customers can now rate products and share their opinions in product reviews.
Customers can now request a quote through our website.
Customers can now research gas prices and choose the most cost effective gas prices.
Customers can now see any status updates of a relocation immediately and in their own time.
Customers can now shop from home by phone, television or the computer.
Customers can now standardize on the entire Armada line and go with a common set of options.
Customers can now submit bids for used and refurbished laboratory equipment.
Customers can now subscribe to a weekly news bulletin.
Customers can now take advantage of the easy to use bike racks installed on all CATA buses.
Customers can now use the three most popular streaming formats for delivering on-demand content.
Customers can now, for example, choose from hundreds of different of styles of jeans.
Customers can obtain additonal solutions and other help for their products at their forum .
Customers can obtain different programming and procedural facilities.
Customers can obtain information more efficiently and order chosen software online.
Customers can obtain real-time repair status of any unit.
Customers can obtain technical support at any time by clicking here .
Customers can obtain technical support by any of the following methods.
Customers can of course have confidence in the quality of all products delivered.
Customers can of course remove stickers and do other odd things in stores that large.
Customers can only cancel orders by phone.
Customers can only choose pre-approved printers and paper grades.
Customers can open accounts, apply for loans, make deposits and cash checks.
Customers can open either credit line accounts or pre-paid accounts.
Customers can open IRAs via fund transfers from other institutions with the click of a mouse.
Customers can opt out of future mailings by clicking HERE .
Customers can opt to have only one side fluted or several.
Customers can opt to send in their systems more often if they want.
Customers can order a sample collection kit on the company's Web site or through the mail.
Customers can order any color or style they wish.
Customers can order anything from a single rose to an extravagant floral arrangement.
Customers can order by phone, adding other goods to their pizza orders, or on the Internet.
Customers can order by phone, fax, mail, electronic data interchange, or e-mail.
Customers can order directly from one of their outlets.
Customers can order either turnkey or incremental database systems.
Customers can order flowers to be shipped anywhere in the country via the in-store wire service.
Customers can order flowers to be shipped anywhere throughout the country.
Customers can order from either page.
Customers can order inside or use one of two drive-thru lanes outside.
Customers can order items using a catalog, CD-ROM or the Internet.
Customers can order items via telephone, email, regular mail, and by fax machine.
Customers can order local delivery of fruit baskets or ship gift packages across the country.
Customers can order lunch items and baked goods to enjoy in the casual dining room, or to take out.
Customers can order on line or request quotes for customer synthesis.
Customers can order one additional language free with each purchase.
Customers can order online and pick up in the store.
Customers can order online and return to the store.
Customers can order online for delivery anywhere in the country.
Customers can order online or by phone, using any of a variety of payment methods.
Customers can order only the prints they want, and are under no obligation to make any purchases.
Customers can order our catalog free of charge.
Customers can order products by simply clicking a picture to add it to their on-line shopping cart.
Customers can order products directly on the Internet through an online form.
Customers can order products directly typing their credit card number into an on-line form.
Customers can order products or make reservations via email on the Internet.
Customers can order products or services through ordering system.
Customers can order special cuts of meat.
Customers can order special text messages, such as weather forecasts, news or jokes, from ISPs.
Customers can order their continence needs via the Internet.
Customers can order their party supplies and costumes online using our secure shopping cart.
Customers can order their PCs through the store for delivery at their home.
Customers can order up to a three-month supply at one time.
Customers can order via the Internet.
Customers can order water of the above types to be delivered to their respective locations.
Customers can order, claim and check on status through our web site.
Customers can originate calling from anywhere in the world.
Customers can outsource every last bit of it.
Customers can outsource the hosting and management of their applications, if desired.
Customers can overpay.
Customers can participate in the development process interactively with the producers.
Customers can pay bills online using a bank account of choice.
Customers can pay bills on-line, transfer funds, check balances and make loan payments.
Customers can pay by cash, check or charge at the time of pick-up.
Customers can pay by credit card online or in cash at the sales counter.
Customers can pay by credit card or by check.
Customers can pay by credit card over the Internet, or by cash when the food is delivered.
Customers can pay by credit card when they place their order, or pay cash on delivery of the books.
Customers can pay by credit card, or by direct debit.
Customers can pay either with cash or points.
Customers can pay energy bills on-line, track energy usage and access billing and usage history.
Customers can pay faster too - online with a credit card.
Customers can pay for applications with a credit card or electronic check.
Customers can pay for orders using credit cards.
Customers can pay for the product use a specified period of time.
Customers can pay for their accounts with all major credit cards on an automated cycle.
Customers can pay for their accounts with check or money order by mail or in person.
Customers can pay in full at the time of their deposit.
Customers can pay into existing plans.
Customers can pay online by credit card or request an invoice.
Customers can pay on-line by credit card.
Customers can pay on-line through our Secured Server .
Customers can pay on-line through our Secured Server.
Customers can pay online, on delivery, over the phone or buy account.
Customers can pay receive and pay all their bills online.
Customers can pay their bills and order products and services online in a secure environment.
Customers can pay their bills on-line to personal or other payees.
Customers can pay to install a second water meter to meter water used outside the house.
Customers can pay using all of the major creadit cards.
Customers can pay via cash, credit card or personal check.
Customers can pay via credit card, cash on delivery or cheque.
Customers can pay with a credit card online or in cash at the sales counter.
Customers can pay with a magnetic stripe card.
Customers can pay with cash on the van or use tickets.
Customers can pay with coins.
Customers can perform many routine banking tasks from their personal computers.
Customers can peruse descriptions of both new releases and coming attractions.
Customers can pick a handheld, select exactly the software they want.
Customers can pick and choose the size and filling that suits their taste and diet.
Customers can pick from mushroom, olive, ham, sausage, cheese and vegetable varieties.
Customers can pick their own orders.
Customers can pick up bulk items like pet food, birdseed, soil, mulches and fertilizers.
Customers can pick up dispositions like that over the phone.
Customers can pick up forms at the West Palm Beach office without an appointment.
Customers can pick up meals ranging from quick deli sandwiches to multi-course offerings.
Customers can pick up on the little gestures and then get very irritated.
Customers can pick up their orders if they wish.
Customers can pick up their reports seconds after they are completed.
Customers can pick which company supplies their electricity.
Customers can place an order months in advance, but two weeks is the minimum lead time.
Customers can place calls either through the keypad or through the touch screen using a stylus.
Customers can place deposits for specific litters.
Customers can place orders at either the virtual business Web site or by calling a toll-free number.
Customers can place orders by phone, by email, or soon by logging on to the company's web page.
Customers can place orders in advance or buy directly off the farm.
Customers can place orders online as the information is immediately imported into a database.
Customers can place orders on-line, in a secure, easy, and fast environment.
Customers can place orders or check on the status of orders in real time.
Customers can place orders via e-mail.
Customers can place orders via fully automatic secure order form .
Customers can place orders via fully automatic secure order form.
Customers can place orders with the most conveniently located factory.
Customers can place orders, receive confirmations and check account status.
Customers can place orders, request delivery and make payments online.
Customers can place reusable items in the trailer.
Customers can place secure online orders and also order from the catalog.
Customers can place their calls without entering a phone number on the keypad.
Customers can place their orders with complete confidence using all major credit cards.
Customers can plan in advance and avoid the uncertainty associated with hourly billing.
Customers can play and stay in casinos with hotel rooms stacked as high as the odds.
Customers can play billiards and darts.
Customers can play billiards and video games.
Customers can play billiards or darts.
Customers can play darts.
Customers can play regular sessions every afternoon and every evening.
Customers can play video games, pool, Ping-Pong or just sit and chat at one of the abundant tables.
Customers can plot the same layout to different scales and devices easily.
Customers can plug in the items to make sure they're working properly.
Customers can post any impressions.
Customers can post their recommendations.
Customers can post topics and questions themselves too.
Customers can potentially save even more by shopping around in the new competitive marketplace.
Customers can pre-select the type of venue as well as the number of 'beeps' they want to receive.
Customers can preview items in their basket and review purchase totals.
Customers can print as many as they want, but they can only use one per day per customer.
Customers can print catalog content as needed.
Customers can print out and use the coupons for the appropriate discount set by the business.
Customers can proceed straight to the gate.
Customers can process their requests through the bank's telephone call center.
Customers can product search.
Customers can program their cellular car phones to dial a person at their voice command.
Customers can program their own journey, choosing from over a billion different ride combinations.
Customers can programme pre-set trade strategies.
Customers can provide feedback or submit queries via online forms.
Customers can provide feedback to the vision.
Customers can provide invaluable feedback regarding the level of service.
Customers can provide the revenues needed to attain profitability.
Customers can provide their orders by telephone, fax, or personal visit.
Customers can provide their own customized language and user interface.
Customers can provide their own digital images or select a digital image from an online library.
Customers can publish the web address and ask participants to register for the show.
Customers can pull their vehicles up on the ramp for testing or repairs.
Customers can purchase a car in any stage, from a basic chassis to a turn-key race car.
Customers can purchase a fully restored and complete helmet.
Customers can purchase a prepaid card to browse the Internet and shop online.
Customers can purchase additional pages.
Customers can purchase an amount up to their normal monthly consumption.
Customers can purchase and download a copy.
Customers can purchase any modules they want, at any time.
Customers can purchase as little as one-sixteenth share of an aircraft.
Customers can purchase as many passes as they wish.
Customers can purchase components and separate software or complete turnkey systems.
Customers can purchase custom solutions for their own websites.
Customers can purchase each digital data layer in standard format.
Customers can purchase either an annual or unlimited licence.
Customers can purchase fonts in all formats for all platforms - at one price.
Customers can purchase gift certificates for other people.
Customers can purchase goods and services at any time of the day or night on any day of the year.
Customers can purchase hot standby services at various pricing levels.
Customers can purchase individual cuts of meat and whole or half lambs.
Customers can purchase it upon request.
Customers can purchase on-line and return items in local stores if needed.
Customers can purchase online, through our call center, or field sales team.
Customers can purchase our stamps only through a consultant.
Customers can purchase pots and plants to do their own planting.
Customers can purchase pre-loaded stored value smart cards that can be used at public telephones.
Customers can purchase products from online.
Customers can purchase products online at discount prices.
Customers can purchase seeds on-line or by mail.
Customers can purchase tarps from the scalehouse to use on their next trip.
Customers can purchase the full versions on-line.
Customers can purchase the services individually or in any combination.
Customers can purchase the system and download it from the web site.
Customers can purchase the systems or pay a service fee based on usage.
Customers can purchase through our web-site, or by telephone, by fax, or by sending mail orders.
Customers can purchase up to six tickets.
Customers can qualify by purchasing as few as five licenses.
Customers can qualify for assistance to cover all or part of the day care cost.
Customers can quickly and easily check the remaining balance on a card, or test the card's validity.
Customers can quickly and easily narrow their home search right from the home page.
Customers can quickly assess what actions are required.
Customers can quickly find answers to frequently asked questions.
Customers can quickly input clean accurate orders.
Customers can reach a line directly without going through an operator or dialing several numbers.
Customers can reach a representative through email, mail, or phone.
Customers can reach any company regardless of location.
Customers can reach DSSE support resources by using free call facilities throughout Europe.
Customers can reach the size-converter chart from the home page or through a product page.
Customers can read about the shops, services and other facilities in the airport.
Customers can read the latest reports, or search by industry group, subject or security symbol.
Customers can read the resume and mail the translator directly.
Customers can reap the cost-saving benefits of integration without compromising voice quality.
Customers can receive a preferred ranking, and the tools prioritize and pass the cases to employees.
Customers can receive an order confirmation e-mail almost immediately.
Customers can receive any attachment in e-mail and open or forward attachments as needed.
Customers can receive clearer explanations of decisions on their benefit entitlement.
Customers can receive documents anywhere there is a fax machine.
Customers can receive information on major upgrades and new products as soon as they are available.
Customers can receive news, sports and entertainment updates directly on their handset.
Customers can receive permission to reprint an exerpt, diagram or a complet article or case.
Customers can receive targeted announcements and promotions conveniently via email.
Customers can receive their quotes in seconds after a five-minute application process.
Customers can receive uninterrupted assistance.
Customers can receive unlimited and free technical support for trial and registered versions.
Customers can receive unlimited and free technical support.
Customers can receive up to the total cost as a rebate on the software and books they purchase.
Customers can reconfigure routes without having to end voice and other sessions.
Customers can re-connect immediately.
Customers can reduce water waste by repairing plumbing and installing water conservation devices.
Customers can refill prescriptions from other pharmacies or request price quotes by e-mail.
Customers can register domain names or transfer domains for a reasonable price.
Customers can register domains one at a time, or via our bulk registration feature.
Customers can register for events online.
Customers can register for the service for free.
Customers can register for training courses.
Customers can register here to access the services.
Customers can register online , by phone, or through the mail as listed on our contact page .
Customers can register their products immediately over the Web.
Customers can register via e-mail, the Internet, postal mail, fax or telephone.
Customers can relax and enjoy the cafe environment or take out products for their convenience.
Customers can relax and view riders from a comfortable heated lounge.
Customers can relax in an upstairs lounge area, settled in easy chairs and sofas.
Customers can remain confident in the authenticity of their purchases.
Customers can remotely configure the company's products with software.
Customers can remotely demonstrate, purchase, and immediately download informational products.
Customers can remove data handling steps that add little value to the data.
Customers can renew books by phone, e-mail or store visit.
Customers can repeat the test after a few months to note their improvements.
Customers can replace the default handler with a custom-built one if necessary.
Customers can request a bed of soft noodles or rice underneath.
Customers can request a catalog as well as receive email about special events and sales.
Customers can request a free call back.
Customers can request a report of their daily delivery schedule.
Customers can request a special junk pickup at no additional charge.
Customers can request any size or brand.
Customers can request deburred tube sections.
Customers can request four extension numbers per call.
Customers can request free advance replacements.
Customers can request individual meetings.
Customers can request information, products, and services using either that form or the phone.
Customers can request more diapers if they choose.
Customers can request one room or a combination of rooms to meet their needs.
Customers can request preventative maintenance audits during hours of service coverage.
Customers can request refunds and check their status online.
Customers can request that bills for other services be placed on the phone bill.
Customers can request that sites be unblocked the same way they request that a site be blocked.
Customers can request that the piano be tuned for an additional fee.
Customers can request that the rate be reviewed.
Customers can request to be notified when an out of stock item returns.
Customers can request window or aisle seating.
Customers can research destinations, reserve a car and check the local weather all in one place.
Customers can research products, purchase goods and pay bills online.
Customers can respond by keypad or voice.
Customers can rest assured they'll be treated equally, fairly, and with courtesy and respect.
Customers can return daily to register.
Customers can return goods that are no longer wanted.
Customers can return product at any time for a full refund of the purchase price.
Customers can return the product for a full refund or replacement if they chose.
Customers can reveal volumes about a company's ethics, reputation and standing.
Customers can review statements online and transfer funds instantly.
Customers can review their network performance for any month in which they had service.
Customers can ride the lift if they have difficulty using the bus steps.
Customers can route their calls based on the time of day, or day of week, the call originates.
Customers can run diagnostic tests and download solutions directly from our web site.
Customers can safely install Fixpacks without introducing new functions.
Customers can sample CDs before buying.
Customers can save both time and production costs with the new capability.
Customers can save items to a list for reference on future visits.
Customers can save money by providing all their own computer and AV equipment.
Customers can save tens of thousands of dollars a year when compared with other solutions.
Customers can save valuable time and money shopping on the internet.
Customers can scale capacity or change configurations by swapping cards and amplifiers.
Customers can scan images to save on floppy disk, use on web pages or send with e-mail.
Customers can scan the inventory of affiliated dealers and make an offer online.
Customers can schedule installations to minimize the disturbance to their business operations.
Customers can schedule intervals for updated CDs at their desired frequency.
Customers can schedule their own satellite contacts over the Web.
Customers can search according to location, price,facilities or any combination.
Customers can search an index of the product catalog or bypass the index and begin ordering.
Customers can search by genre, artist, title, song, soundtrack or record label.
Customers can search by stock number, description or other lookup.
Customers can search for products or services by many different criteria.
Customers can search for the best loan from thousands of products with a single click.
Customers can search for, register for, and pay for events over the Web.
Customers can search inventory from any page without returning to the storefront.
Customers can search our information via several database hosts.
Customers can search the apparel on the site by color, size, item number, price and keyword.
Customers can search the catalog for specific courses, and display a full course description.
Customers can search the database for information on printing professionals in their locale.
Customers can search, book or enquiry each proposals.
Customers can search, by category or name, for products and services.
Customers can securely manage and update account information, thus minimizing support calls.
Customers can securely populate customer-accessible directories.
Customers can see a history of all previous phone calls, e-mails and purchases via the Web.
Customers can see any posted message in the purchase order.
Customers can see how best to use statuary, benches, and ponds in the garden.
Customers can see into the dishroom.
Customers can see outfits in simulated day or evening lighting.
Customers can see photographs of the many kinds of flowers available each season.
Customers can see that for themselves.
Customers can see the bags and then place a custom order right there.
Customers can see the packaging and refer to information about the product.
Customers can see through that straight away.
Customers can see whether their books or library materials are due or fines are owed.
Customers can seek credit from a number of sources.
Customers can select a carrier that provides rebates, which serves as income for the customer.
Customers can select a portion of a block to edit in-place.
Customers can select a shared or dedicated server.
Customers can select a variety of calling features and billing options.
Customers can select another product or retrieve their coins.
Customers can select any of our products in the shopping cart, then submit.
Customers can select any service or combination of services offered.
Customers can select component products or beans on the basis of functionality and value.
Customers can select different color countertops.
Customers can select from a wide array of organic produce as well as many specialty items.
Customers can select from all potential suppliers regardless of their whereabouts.
Customers can select from an array of colors and prints in a variety of styles and accessories.
Customers can select from copper, molybdenum and stainless steel materials.
Customers can select one near zone as their own.
Customers can select pinging the server instead, if they wish, to determine if the server is down.
Customers can select pre-defined profiles or create new ones.
Customers can select size, color and quantity for each item.
Customers can select the categories of sites to exchange banners with.
Customers can select the fault-tolerant approach at the server level that suits their needs.
Customers can select the operating environment that best meets their current and future needs.
Customers can select the platforms they want and the service they require.
Customers can select the policy or policies that suit their needs.
Customers can select the solution that best meets their individual needs.
Customers can select the tooling option that best fits their strategy for products and programs.
Customers can select their own phone number, two options exists.
Customers can select their own user name and passwords for security.
Customers can select their own username and passwords for security.
Customers can select their preferred platform.
Customers can send a different command to remove themselves.
Customers can send a greeting in their own voice along with the greeting card.
Customers can send encrypted emails, but have to sign up for the product.
Customers can sense the emptiness of a slogan from far away.
Customers can serve themselves in such areas as placing and tracking orders and product support.
Customers can serve themselves with soda and coffee at the beverage center.
Customers can serve themselves with soda, coffee and cappuccino at the beverage center.
Customers can service themselves a large the majority of the time.
Customers can set time and price limits on any or all orders.
Customers can set up a personal account to store billing information.
Customers can set up accounts on both sites.
Customers can set up profiles that map their children's learning abilities to appropriate toys.
Customers can set up their own workflow and queries based upon their requirements.
Customers can setup their own private rooms with customized colors, images, smilies, and more.
Customers can ship items to multiple addresses with one order.
Customers can shop at their convenience.
Customers can shop for fine art without hassle or attitude.
Customers can shop online for new and used cars by exploring our many brands .
Customers can shop online for thousands of perennials, bulbs, garden tools and accessories.
Customers can shop rates, get free real time quotes, compare options, and apply online.
Customers can shop rates, get free real-time quotes, compare options, and apply online.
Customers can shop, eat, drink and even complete leftover business deals.
Customers can sign documents from their home computers for all sorts of purchases besides mortgages.
Customers can sign in and order products without having to pick up the phone.
Customers can sign on to one list, reporters can sign on to another.
Customers can sign up as a member and receive special discounts.
Customers can sign up for one, two or four years.
Customers can sign up on -line.
Customers can sign up on the fly.
Customers can sign up to receive our monthly newsletter via email.
Customers can sign up today online .
Customers can sign up, be registered online, and begin accessing and adding services immediately.
Customers can simply download the next version from the web.
Customers can simply place an order on-line anytime.
Customers can simply say they'll buy at the best price that can be negotiated.
Customers can sit down and read in comfortable chairs.
Customers can sit under the ceiling fans and enjoy the fresh seafood served in an island atmosphere.
Customers can sometimes pick and choose a particular package that suits their needs.
Customers can sort by a variety of preferences.
Customers can sort checks by date, date range, description or check number.
Customers can specifically request notification of major security patches.
Customers can specify end fittings, cracking pressure, O-rings, and body and spring materials.
Customers can specify particular years, states, counties and cities.
Customers can specify products according to basis weight, grade, mill and other options.
Customers can specify resin content, tack level, and flow during cure.
Customers can specify smoking or non-smoking environments or any other requests.
Customers can specify when they want their order delivered.
Customers can spell the difference between zero and substantial profits.
Customers can spend the card value either in person or electronically.
Customers can start at any point, at any time.
Customers can start at the web server itself.
Customers can start or stop service online.
Customers can start with a free plans review.
Customers can start with a small system and migrate to larger systems as their business grows.
Customers can stay and maintain their secure sessions much longer without timeouts.
Customers can still buy freshly baked rolls and loaves at the bakery's thrift store.
Customers can still get that human touch.
Customers can still set up phone service over the phone, however.
Customers can stop in to pay bills or talk to the staff during normal working hours.
Customers can store documents either in a flat file in the operating system or in a data base.
Customers can store their trailers safely behind the locked gated area of the facility.
Customers can study many crop species and make their own arrays.
Customers can submit a photo of their projects by e-mail .
Customers can submit applications and pre-qualifications online for fast approvals and decisions.
Customers can submit key information at the kiosk.
Customers can submit service or support requests on-line, through email or by telephone.
Customers can subscribe for a short or long term basis.
Customers can subscribe or cancel subscriptions.
Customers can sue VARs under breach of express or implied warranty theories.
Customers can supply their own paper for special requests.
Customers can supply their own pickups and receive a credit back.
Customers can surf the 'Net, or listen to music CDs, while sipping a great cup of coffee.
Customers can switch in the next two weeks, terminate their One.
Customers can switch suppliers with a click of the mouse.
Customers can t help but catch the happy vibes when they enter the shop.
Customers can tag trees anytime.
Customers can tailor the food to their own tastes.
Customers can tailor the product to their requirements.
Customers can take a break in front of the computer while waiting for their car.
Customers can take action immediately on the messages they see and hear.
Customers can take advantage of free lectures and a monthly newsletter.
Customers can take away their order in environmentally unfriendly styrofoam cups.
Customers can take certain precautions to further reduce their vulnerability to hackers.
Customers can take full control over defining their own encryption process.
Customers can talk on the phones at the same time as receiving data.
Customers can talk through their computer rather than having to disconnect to use their telephone.
Customers can talk to a virtual shop assistant using the keyboard and express their needs.
Customers can tap into a whole new range of information about products and alternative suppliers.
Customers can tell the quilters how they want the quilt finished and with what design.
Customers can tell who published the software, and they can see whether the package has been opened.
Customers can test any instrument, whether it be blowing a horn or banging on drums.
Customers can test products online.
Customers can test shareware games for free.
Customers can test, model, demo, and benchmark a host of applications and architectures.
Customers can the track progress of their voyages and histories of customer specific history.
Customers can then access delivery status of parcels.
Customers can then apply the trade-in allowance towards the purchase of new servers.
Customers can then apply the trade-in allowance towards the purchase of new workstations.
Customers can then choose leasing as their preferred payment method before confirming an order.
Customers can then compare any symptoms they are having with the listed viruses.
Customers can then compare the recommendations to see what's different.
Customers can then compare ways to save or make electricity on an equal footing.
Customers can then get answers to most of their questions quickly.
Customers can then have Sweetcircuits shop out the pc board and parts for a fee.
Customers can then maintain smaller inventories and shorter delivery schedules, thus saving money.
Customers can then make changes that are best suited to their purposes.
Customers can then pick up a modem and wait for their installation.
Customers can then post a question.
Customers can then select from a showcase of providers to satisfy their particular requirements.
Customers can then take power from the utility when their wind system doesn t produce enough power.
Customers can then upgrade components in the future as their communication and data needs change.
Customers can then use their Virtual PIN in lieu of a credit card number.
Customers can therefore expect to some delay in their incoming email for a period.
Customers can thus be doubly sure that their data has reached the right place.
Customers can thus compare costs for different delivery services.
Customers can thus have more control and ensure they get what they want.
Customers can tie into our Intranet via dial-up or dedicated lines or by the Internet.
Customers can touch and feel and hold the merchandise.
Customers can touch and feel the product.
Customers can touch the food and choose their own.
Customers can track and trace their shipments and view scanned PODs.
Customers can track any order placed and see exactly where it is in the supply process.
Customers can track packages online.
Customers can track shipments over the Internet or by calling the company.
Customers can track shipments.
Customers can track the progress of their order online from shipment through to delivery.
Customers can track the status of the order online or by phone.
Customers can track their deals in real time.
Customers can track their own shipments from any computer that has Internet access.
Customers can track usage or update credit and billing information at the push of a button.
Customers can track vehicle deliveries via the Internet simply by checking their email.
Customers can trade their old games in for new ones.
Customers can transfer funds, check balances, order checks, and update personal information.
Customers can trial drive or wash their car through an easy appointment.
Customers can trust complete delivery of their purchase, regardless of the number of interruptions.
Customers can try on garments for size, style, and fashion and see how they fit on their bodies.
Customers can try on the dresses in a communal fitting room and take purchases home the same day.
Customers can try their hand at the craft.
Customers can try to adopt strategies for monitoring whether companies have complied.
Customers can tune their car radios to hear the soundtrack.
Customers can turn in their cellular battery for a memory recharge.
Customers can type in a question and get a very specific answer.
Customers can update their personal contact information at any time.
Customers can update their voiceprints to allow for changes in their vocal cords as they age.
Customers can upgrade instantaneously upgrade to a higher bandwidth service.
Customers can upgrade their homes with amenities such as special flooring and audio systems.
Customers can upgrade their websites with a choice of site enhancements and add-on products.
Customers can upgrade to four additional simultaneous sessions, for a total of eight.
Customers can upgrade to laptops or faster desktops with bigger hard drives for an incremental fee.
Customers can upgrade to nightly backups by contacting our sales department .
Customers can use a car for an hour for free.
Customers can use a catalog, map search, or quick order facility to order products.
Customers can use a credit card online or send a money order.
Customers can use a major credit card thru our secure server to order.
Customers can use a personal shopping cart to put goods in and later order all at once.
Customers can use a solid brand name as a proxy for continued high-quality service.
Customers can use a virtual private network to ensure that data sent over the Internet stay private.
Customers can use a web browser to read their E-mail.
Customers can use an offline CD to make up their order, then go online for the actual transaction.
Customers can use any web-enabled PC to access the service.
Customers can use between one and three servers to make the data they send anonymous.
Customers can use coins, credit cards, or calling cards.
Customers can use equipment from manual to fully robotic.
Customers can use existing phones in the home for voice service.
Customers can use existing printers and applications.
Customers can use frame relay today, private lines tomorrow, or a hybrid combination of the two.
Customers can use larkspurs to naturally colonize a wildflower area and supply spring color.
Customers can use our cordless keyboard and mouse very easily.
Customers can use public frame relay, private lines, or a hybrid combination of the two.
Customers can use the data in management, budgeting and planning.
Customers can use the entire system, or mix and match with components in existing systems.
Customers can use the Internet to input data in lieu of a phone call.
Customers can use the machines for withdrawals and deposits.
Customers can use the matrix mark for automated tracking if desired.
Customers can use the number to track the status of their order at the catalog site.
Customers can use the reference design as a starting point to develop their own system.
Customers can use the same certificate for a predetermined time.
Customers can use the services for prerecorded content, such as training sessions.
Customers can use the solutions to develop an overall disaster tolerance plan.
Customers can use the system on their existing websites immediately, no client software is needed.
Customers can use the Web space as a tool that can increase their presence on the Web.
Customers can use the web-site to select the correct glove for specific applications.
Customers can use their existing account numbers and PINs.
Customers can use their existing backup software, backup scripts, hardware and operating system.
Customers can use their good credit history to qualify for our plan.
Customers can use their regular hygiene products.
Customers can use their unique code to re-enter their locker anytime during their visit.
Customers can use their usernames and passwords to connect to Madison, Milwaukee or Appleton.
Customers can use training packages to learn how to use software packages at their own pace.
Customers can usually find chocolate, chocolate walnut and peanut butter.
Customers can usually withdraw cash free of charge using a debit card.
Customers can utilize DVD ROMs to access far greater amounts of data on only one DVD platter.
Customers can utilize tools defined by their level of monthly subscription.
Customers can vary the cabinetry.
Customers can view a table online or request a copy via email for downloading.
Customers can view account balances and histories, as well as do transactions.
Customers can view all discounted rates for a property and make an informed decision.
Customers can view all sides or zoom in for a close-up.
Customers can view and make changes to their product selections at any time.
Customers can view and pay bills using online banking services.
Customers can view and print complete copies of each letter of credit.
Customers can view and print monthly charges as well as current unbilled charges.
Customers can view and zoom in on available products from any device and from any location.
Customers can view images of entire bills.
Customers can view invoices and consignment parameters.
Customers can view live statistics, as well as dig down to get individual responses.
Customers can view our most current inventory of sports and outerwear fabrics on-line.
Customers can view product specifications from a database and purchase on-line.
Customers can view roadmaps for all products or only the products they buy.
Customers can view samples of our work through our catalogue.
Customers can view the awards ceremony via web cast by clicking HERE .
Customers can view the capabilities of manufacturers.
Customers can view the information available and place a bid.
Customers can view the video and change the camera from the website.
Customers can view their bills online only by enrolling to pay online.
Customers can view their bills through another WEB page.
Customers can view their entire list anytime they wish.
Customers can view their labels online for proofing.
Customers can view their order history and track their packages.
Customers can virtually walk from room to room and select the floor plan they want.
Customers can visit a Web site to view balances and update accounts.
Customers can visit our web site and run the interactive demo right over the internet.
Customers can visit the centers directly.
Customers can visit the IT Web site for temporary hours during school breaks and holiday closings.
Customers can visit the online catalogue and browse through the products there.
Customers can vote their satisfaction or dissatisfaction after their ticket has been answered.
Customers can waive protection of bank secrecy.
Customers can watch and enjoy various culinary delights prepared by chefs from around the world.
Customers can watch brew being made and even take part.
Customers can watch chefs in action and personally assess the freshness of their food.
Customers can watch gay videos and buy lubricating lotions and sex toys.
Customers can watch the friendly chefs in action and even pick up a few cooking tips.
Customers can watch the movie as many times as they like, then return it in a prepaid envelope.
Customers can watch the process and get a complete explanation on the various steps.
Customers can watch the process.
Customers can watch their documents being created as they work, and can make edits on-line.
Customers can watch their pancakes being flipped.
Customers can wire transfer funds from another financial institution.
Customers can write a check, use a debit card or credit card or simply visit their own bank's ATMs.
Customers can write scripts for their needs as well.
Customers can write their prayer requests on one of the cards and place the card in the basket.
Customers can write up to eight checks per monthly cycle with no charge.
Customers can zoom in on any part of a drawing to see detailed dimensions.
Customers can, however, communicate with each other via Public messages that the whole room can see.
Customers can, in most cases, expect installation within five to ten business days.
Customers can, therefore, easily recognize and choose the right commodities.
Customers cancelling their order after it has been shipped are responsible for the shipping charges.
Customers care about functionality and compatibility.
Customers care about more than just how well a product is manufactured.
Customers care about the quality of the service rather than the size of the center.
Customers care and service experience.
Customers care more about the benefits of a product than they do about the features.
Customers care most about speed of rental.
Customers care nothing for our management structure, our strategic plan, or our financial structure.
Customers carry their food to tables, but servers come by to refill drinks.
Customers certainly believe it.
Customers certainly fit that category.
Customers certainly prefer being asked to being told.
Customers change carriers willingly and frequently for the smallest savings.
Customers change how they use services as advanced applications become available.
Customers change names and addresses.
Customers change over time.
Customers change the equation, making the appearance and accessibility options important.
Customers change their addresses because they move.
Customers change their mind all the time.
Customers change their telephone numbers.
Customers chatter about the possible closing of their hallowed haunt.
Customers check off their choice on paper menus.
Customers Check Out Customers complete their purchase by checking out.
Customers check out where the companies they use stand in relation to the competition.
Customers cherish the atmosphere as well.
Customers choose a delivery time slot.
Customers choose an app first, then evaluate the systems it runs on.
Customers choose banks for their reliability and their support.
Customers choose between the core seasonal menu and the students' menu based on the nightly theme.
Customers choose either metric or imperial units of measure.
Customers choose from a variety of colours, shapes, styles and sizes.
Customers choose from developed scripts and prompts.
Customers choose from one of a dozen basic designs.
Customers choose from the menu selections listed on blackboards and order from the counter.
Customers choose individual contractors.
Customers choose networks based on how well the different networks work in their area, or by price.
Customers choose one of two options for lease-end.
Customers choose one shop everyday.
Customers choose only the links they deem appropriate.
Customers choose our products because they work and scale.
Customers choose parameters and rates of change to which they want to be alerted.
Customers choose professional services in much the same way.
Customers choose software to improve performance of online purchasing and selling.
Customers choose the casket at the store, which then ships the casket to the funeral home.
Customers choose the day they want their groceries.
Customers choose the products that best suit the needs of their customers and employees.
Customers choose the products they want using one order form.
Customers choose the time and method of delivery they prefer.
Customers choose their options and the product is assembled according to their specifications.
Customers choose their own Tabasco and bring it to their tables.
Customers choose their photo and their message.
Customers choose time and function of their choice.
Customers choose when to receive email reminders for bill due dates.
Customers choose where they shop based on the personality of the store.
Customers choose whether to opt into our annual review system.
Customers choose which interface they want to use.
Customers claim they got brain tumours and other conditions from using the devices.
Customers clear their tables when they are finished.
Customers clearly are unhappy with the airlines today.
Customers click here to enter the Customer Zone, or request a login .
Customers click here.
Customers click on an icon next to the appropriate question to read the answer.
Customers click on the image to see the full-sized picture.
Customers come and go - whenever they want.
Customers come and go with their machines.
Customers come and go, some to pick up cold cuts or semolina breads or sandwiches for lunch.
Customers come and go.
Customers come back over and over again.
Customers come back year, after year, after year etc.
Customers come by and touch the meat, deciding what to buy.
Customers come by the hundreds.
Customers come by, comment on the high price but taste a sample anyway.
Customers come first, all others second.
Customers come first.
Customers come for an experience and the waiter is there to help with that.
Customers come for quality and service.
Customers come from across northeast Ohio, western Pennsylvania and West Virginia.
Customers come from all around central Arkansas for the berries.
Customers come from all fifty states as well around the world.
Customers come from all over Canada and the world.
Customers come from all over Ohio - and beyond.
Customers come from all over the Detroit area.
Customers come from all over the island, even from the neighbor islands and Japan.
Customers come from all over the world.
Customers come from all walks of life.
Customers come from around the world to choose books from the carefully selected titles.
Customers come from both in and out of the town, many of who are regular ones.
Customers come from small families.
Customers come here to get technical data, new product information, even software patches.
Customers come in and browse.
Customers come in and complain about the strike.
Customers come in and enjoy our buckets of concentrated gold and gem ore and find their treasures.
Customers come in and have coffee and lunch.
Customers come in and receive a more personalised service.
Customers come in and they want to see the owner.
Customers come in for repeated fittings.
Customers come in looking for solutions.
Customers come in trucks, vans, luxury cars and jalopies.
Customers come in with it in their hand.
Customers come in year after year.
Customers come in.
Customers come inventories increase and the business begins to grow.
Customers come last.
Customers come to buy.
Customers come to dance, drink and watch the impersonation shows.
Customers come to our bookstore to be nourished with a wonderful selection of books on spirituality.
Customers come to retail locations to purchase franchise products or services.
Customers come to the library themselves or contact it by phone or by post.
Customers come to Victoria because they know they'll find exactly what they want.
Customers coming in with an attitude is another annoyance of serving the public.
Customers command flexibility, scalability and performance.
Customers comment on smoothness after bathing.
Customers commonly do considerable research before hot tub shopping.
Customers commonly have unrealistic expectations or lack of product knowledge.
Customers communicate online with the designer about changes and updates.
Customers Communicating with the customer is indeed vital.
Customers compete on a daily basis for market share in their industry.
Customers complain - so more checks and balances are instituted.
Customers complain about dwindling services.
Customers complain about errors in monthly statements.
Customers complain about how long it takes to solve their problems.
Customers complain about templated site designs.
Customers complain about the difficulty in finding business driveways in work zones.
Customers complain about the employee.
Customers complain of lapsed policies, delays in remittances, cheques sent in wrong account numbers.
Customers complain that no one listens to their issues.
Customers complete a brief application and receive a decision within minutes.
Customers complete an authorization form to access their account.
Customers complete the loop by emailing their replies, often instantly.
Customers complete the product.
Customers complete the sale through the dealership.
Customers complete their transactions at the first point of contact.
Customers comprise many of the largest service providers worldwide.
Customers compromise quite a bit.
Customers configure a terminal best suited to their specific applications.
Customers connect to our server in Nassau, and no international telephony charges apply.
Customers consequently appropriate most of the benefits.
Customers consider frequent replacements.
Customers consider photographs to be valuable memories they want to share with family and friends.
Customers consider replacements.
Customers consider that too complicated and inefficient.
Customers consistently lose the bulk of the funds they invest, according to the complaint.
Customers consistently receive high quality.
Customers consistently say they want more human interaction when shopping online.
Customers constantly express frustration that there is no one location to search for documents.
Customers constantly praise the superior, informative service they receive from all of our staff.
Customers consult a Web-based rate sheet to determine the cost of the calls.
Customers consume power.
Customers contact offices.
Customers contact the client via telephone, fax, the internet, etc.
Customers continually ask advice on business plans, trusts and investments.
Customers continually find new voices answering their phones.
Customers continually raise the bar on responsiveness, personalization and ease of use.
Customers continually request improvements in overall systems availability and recoverability.
Customers continue to be cautious about undertaking new large-scale capital projects.
Customers continue to come in to buy clothing and footwear, accessories and gadgets and crafts.
Customers continue to open new accounts and refer their friends and family to the new location.
Customers continue to raise their expectations and requirements.
Customers continue to receive improved and faster service delivery.
Customers continue to re-use their existing tried and tested applications.
Customers continue to save at the same discount rate for all re-orders for two full years.
Customers continue to trade through branch offices and via phone.
Customers continue to trade with their broker.
Customers continuously crave new attractions.
Customers control their expenses by prepaying whatever amount they want into their personal account.
Customers control their own content, web design, and updates.
Customers Control their own Destiny.
Customers cook their own meals.
Customers cook their own steaks and burgers on a communal grill.
Customers cost too much to lose one.
Customers count failures per execution, whereas developers count defects per kilostatement.
Customers count on more service from their vendors but expect to pay less.
Customers count on our grain for the quality of the products they can make.
Customers count on our reliability.
Customers create a wide variety of industry-leading communication solutions.
Customers create confirmed appointments.
Customers crowd into the popular Inner Sunset sushi restaurant night after night.
Customers cry in their beans.
Customers currently fill out an online form to request reports on past purchases.
Customers customize the gateway with content as news, stock quotes, contact lists and others.
Customers damage their vehicles throughout the day and week.
Customers deal directly with the vendors and therefore receive maximum discounts.
Customers decide how much wind energy they want to buy.
Customers decide the scope and timing of releases based on estimates provided by programmers.
Customers decide to trust employees based on their knowledge and know-how.
Customers defect for similar reasons.
Customers define homogenous markets.
Customers define markets.
Customers define needs and expectations.
Customers define the business.
Customers define the size and shape of images sent to their Web sites.
Customers define value everyday.
Customers define who has access to the system and set the levels of security for all users.
Customers demand a higher-level relationship.
Customers demand and satisfaction is our top priority.
Customers demand choice.
Customers demand delivery of promised goods and services for value received.
Customers demand energy efficient products that provide the best performance available.
Customers demand fast and accurate answers to their questions, prompt action on their requests.
Customers demand for a turnkey solution is real.
Customers demand good quality, reasonable prices, and flexible delivery schedules.
Customers demand greater levels of service, access to information and convenience.
Customers demand guarantees from the provider for the network services they purchase.
Customers demand high quality designs, delivered on time, at the lowest possible price.
Customers demand high quality, accurate part and tool designs, and processing recommendations.
Customers demand higher quality standards.
Customers demand high-speed downloads and quick load time.
Customers demand immediate response with a personalized touch.
Customers demand increasingl y faster turnaround and higher quality at lower and lower prices.
Customers demand increasingly high quality and reliability.
Customers demand individual treatment taking into account even their most subjective tastes.
Customers demand it.
Customers demand knowledge and information.
Customers demand more and more features at lower prices.
Customers demand more bandwidth be delivered for all their voice, data and video needs.
Customers demand more services and stiff competition means more and more cost cutting.
Customers demand more than ever, as their options are greater than ever.
Customers demand on time and accurate deliveries.
Customers demand online inventory and ordering capabilities.
Customers demand only the best service.
Customers demand personalized attention.
Customers demand privacy and security in their transmissions.
Customers demand quick delivery and they're showing it with repeat and increased orders.
Customers demand refunds.
Customers demand sales literature, product information and technical support.
Customers demand service that adds value to their lives.
Customers demand service.
Customers demand solutions based on power quality and reliability.
Customers demand stand-up vendors.
Customers demand technology.
Customers demand the best quality around.
Customers demand the latest and fastest.
Customers demand value, security, speed, convenience and reliability.
Customers demand value.
Customers depend on cashiers to offer quick reliable service.
Customers depend on the vigilance of vendors to keep their data safe.
Customers deserve reliable real-time cargo information.
Customers deserve the best answers a company can provide.
Customers deserve to be treated like gold.
Customers deserve to be treated with openness and honesty.
Customers deserve to be treated with respect.
Customers deserve to know exactly what they are paying for.
Customers design and order are welcome.
Customers desiring to do commerce on the web can now do so with guaranteed security.
Customers determine the mode of shipment.
Customers determine the success of every business.
Customers determine where can start saving today, to reach their needs of tomorrow.
Customers develop long-term relationships only with salespeople who are dependable and trustworthy.
Customers dial a single national number.
Customers dial a toll-free number from anywhere in the world, give their PIN, and get connected.
Customers dial-in using a local call number.
Customers didn t have to drop their car off at the shop.
Customers dig the giant burritos, low prices and quick service.
Customers dine in a pleasant neighbourly atmosphere and are served by friendly, experienced staff.
Customers discuss backgrounds.
Customers display the animals in different parts of their homes.
Customers do ask kiosk attendants about condom quality and use.
Customers do care.
Customers do expect a lot of service.
Customers do have access to a decent search engine, which increases the chances of the right buyer.
Customers do have an influence over how SPRiNG develops into the future.
Customers do keyword searches of the Web-based catalog and view uncorrected and rough images.
Customers do like to receive opt-in email ads on topics they request.
Customers do look happy.
Customers DO search the web for products.
Customers do the advertising for what they want to buy.
Customers do their own searches and get their own answers.
Customers do trust some online companies.
Customers do want what they want when they want it.
Customers do, however, have complete control of application functionality.
Customers do, however, quickly notice changes in service.
Customers do, too.
Customers don t always remember to write out their complete email addresses.
Customers don t get much satisfaction from purchasing services to begin with.
Customers don t like to be ignored, or taken for granted, or manipulated, or bored.
Customers don t like to scroll forever.
Customers don t seem to mind.
Customers don t want technical explanations about many things.
Customers don t want to be told that there s only one way or one solution.
Customers don t want to spend choice hours making decisions about financial services.
Customers dont have to buy anything.
Customers download a book off the internet and off they go to the beach.
Customers download and run the forms with no special installation required.
Customers download individual games or download the full casino.
Customers download sheet music to their computer and print it on their printer.
Customers download the latest version of our interface software.
Customers download their unique database to the serving telephone company.
Customers drive demand, and demand is changing constantly and in real time.
Customers drive from Portland, an hour away, just to buy one of the fat, gleaming salmon.
Customers drive the coverage zones needed.
Customers drive the horizontal corporation.
Customers drive the markets.
Customers drive the selection process, instead of being restricted to a rigidly predefined routine.
Customers drop their non-winning tickets in a basket located above the register.
Customers duck under a curtain into the kitchen to wait for takeout orders.
Customers earn points for each referral they make.
Customers earn revenue from the calls.
Customers easily remember the image.
Customers eat contain peanuts.
Customers eat it up.
Customers eat peanuts.
Customers ellery queen mystery magazine.
Customers elsewhere can get overnight delivery.
Customers embrace new access technologies at an astounding rate.
Customers end up paying higher prices and putting up with less service.
Customers engage with brands on an intimate level of individual experience.
Customers enjoy a low seven cents per minute rate no matter what time of day they call.
Customers enjoy as a side effect free enhancements to the product.
Customers enjoy choosing a wine with the sommelier.
Customers enjoy culinary delights such as kababs, falafel and fettoosh.
Customers enjoy discovering new flavors.
Customers enjoy ease of access and trouble free upgrades.
Customers enjoy full digital telephone clarity while speaking.
Customers enjoy graceful dealings with an organization.
Customers enjoy great food in a comfortable atmosphere.
Customers enjoy high quality.
Customers enjoy incremental improvement in service and experience.
Customers enjoy one-call claims service.
Customers enjoy our audio collection.
Customers enjoy our two private dining areas that work well for breakfast, lunch or dinner meetings.
Customers enjoy quality.
Customers enjoy salad.
Customers enjoy seeing other happy customers and their great looking cars.
Customers enjoy seeing the whole cross section of our merchandise.
Customers enjoy specialty coffee drinks and tea in an English style pub.
Customers enjoy speedy access to vast amounts of product information.
Customers enjoy studying detailed aerial photos.
Customers enjoy the atmosphere it creates.
Customers enjoy the flexibility of the system to allow targeting of members down to the forum level.
Customers enjoy the food, the atmosphere and the service.
Customers enjoy the novelty.
Customers enjoy the scented colors that change as they are washing.
Customers enjoy the taste of wild game, while benefiting from less cholesterol.
Customers enjoy the taste of wild game, while benefitting from less cholesterol.
Customers enjoy their high quality, accuracy, flexibility, and degree of customization.
Customers enjoy using the sandy beaches located along side the parking area.
Customers enter a fax number, and the system instantly disseminates the information.
Customers enter credit card information at their own risk.
Customers enter in personal information, shipping and billing information and credit card info.
Customers enter information about their height, build and hair coloring to create a virtual model.
Customers enter our stores already having general product knowledge.
Customers enter the store with an empty shopping cart.
Customers enter the waiting room and take a seat if one is available.
Customers enter their order information via any forms-enabled web browser.
Customers enter their smart card and PIN into the terminal, verifying their receipt of the product.
Customers enter through foyer with display areas and restroom facilities.
Customers enter through the foyer with display areas and restroom facilities.
Customers erupt when service is too slow or benefits are cut.
Customers essentially face an irreconcilable dilemma.
Customers establish relationships with local banks.
Customers estimate products.
Customers even can make credit card purchases.
Customers even receive individual attention, if desired.
Customers even say that support is getting better.
Customers examine exquisite blooming cactus plants.
Customers examine products, get information, even make purchases - directly from their desktops.
Customers exchange their money for the benefit they derive from the product or service.
Customers exchanging or returning merchandise are responsible for all shipping charges.
Customers exist both in town and in the county.
Customers expect a certain level of quality in exchange for their hard earned dollar.
Customers expect a higher degree of service each time a purchase is made.
Customers expect a realtime, data-rich experience.
Customers expect a reliable, quality product.
Customers expect a seamless relationship.
Customers expect a speedy response to email inquiries.
Customers expect access to information and service outside of traditional business hours.
Customers expect accurate, on time deliveries and pickups.
Customers expect amenities, such as TVs.
Customers expect and demand good service.
Customers expect and demand online information and interaction.
Customers expect and demand quieter systems with longer component life.
Customers expect and deserve beautiful facilities and quality services.
Customers expect and deserve service from all levels of an organization.
Customers expect and trust an offline brand.
Customers expect anonymity on the Internet.
Customers expect better service today in all areas.
Customers expect businesses on the internet to also change rapidly and adapt.
Customers expect businesses to be available when they are.
Customers expect confidentiality from ALL merchants with whom they share their personal information.
Customers expect consistent and efficient service when they purchase a burger and fries.
Customers expect consulting.
Customers expect employees to know the features, advantages, and benefits of the company's services.
Customers expect employees to listen, understand, and respond to their specific needs.
Customers expect every company to have a web page.
Customers expect FAST replies.
Customers expect fast, convenient service from every industry.
Customers expect faster, more efficient service and mass customization.
Customers expect full functionality on the Web regardless of the time of day.
Customers expect good, safe food, clean surroundings, and pleasant service.
Customers expect greater speed of service.
Customers expect high-quality customer service .
Customers expect high-quality service regardless of company size.
Customers expect instant gratification, no matter how far apart employees are.
Customers expect intelligent information.
Customers expect it, our vendors expect it . . .
Customers expect it.
Customers expect just in time.
Customers expect more and better service, and many site operators behave as if they can deliver it.
Customers expect more and better service.
Customers expect more.
Customers expect much more today.
Customers expect nearly-instantaneous responses from the sites they are browsing.
Customers expect no less from sign builders, but they are frequently disappointed.
Customers expect options.
Customers expect personal treatment and privileges.
Customers expect products to be manufactured to optimum quality.
Customers expect quality.
Customers expect real-time information, including billing and quotes.
Customers expect reliability and consistency from home builders.
Customers expect seamless coverage throughout the course of the day, wherever they go.
Customers expect sign companies to stand behind their products after the sale.
Customers expect single source service.
Customers expect small businesses to be more mindful of differences and to better serve their needs.
Customers expect solid information.
Customers expect superior communication.
Customers expect that utility services be available on demand without disruption.
Customers expect the benefits of the most modern technology.
Customers expect the latest style and color.
Customers expect the price marked to match the price charged.
Customers expect the same high quality sound in business environments.
Customers expect their memory upgrades to work reliably.
Customers expect their purchase to look the part and make the right noises.
Customers expect their transactions to be processed accurately, quickly and securely.
Customers expect timely service, clean cars, responsible drivers, and a safe and comfortable ride.
Customers expect timely, helpful information and support.
Customers expect to be able to find out exactly where their order is at any given time.
Customers expect to be able to order any style and any color at any time - and at lower prices.
Customers expect to be serviced right away and with the least amount of hassle.
Customers expect to find companies at logical domain names.
Customers expect to get a lower price on the Web.
Customers expect to transact business and find company information on the Web.
Customers expect value and value is the work product of service.
Customers expect value beyond technology.
Customers expect Web storefronts never to close.
Customers expect whatever is placed on the curb to be picked up, regardless of what form it is in.
Customers expect, and even demand, professional quality service.
Customers experience a smooth navigation around the web site.
Customers experience a wealth of color, sound, and full motion.
Customers experience benefits.
Customers experience convenience .
Customers experience less frustration, more productivity and more compassion from the industry.
Customers experience our service.
Customers experience our systems.
Customers explain what makes a trade show compelling enough to attend.
Customers explore the hip, casual culture that has been created around the brand.
Customers expose their penises, rub their penises on women, and masturbate in front of the women.
Customers express interest.
Customers face a confusing range of opinions.
Customers face a potential minefield when trying to select a reputable supplier or service provider.
Customers face a wait of two to three weeks because of a backlog of orders.
Customers face severe shortages in information technology resources.
Customers fear their competitors are figuring things out in Internet time.
Customers feel and recognize efficient performance, motivation and team-work.
Customers feel bad if two sellers go together.
Customers feel confident that they are getting their money's worth.
Customers feel connected and secure at all times.
Customers feel free to drop by anytime to work, chat, or feel fabrics.
Customers feel good about purchasing from a company that supports engineering education.
Customers feel good about supporting a company that helps sick and injured children in the area.
Customers feel like they make a more informed and rewarding purchase.
Customers feel more comfortable doing it.
Customers feel more comfortable when they're getting names they know and trust.
Customers feel secure knowing the equipment is serviced properly.
Customers feel special when the owner or manager answers their query.
Customers feel that the client has made significant improvements in quality and delivery.
Customers feel that their needs are being taken care of more professionally and personably.
Customers feel that they are receiving special treatment when they are being assisted by the owner.
Customers feel the authority is doing a fantastic job.
Customers feel the difference with the language.
Customers feel the ongoing siege of unsolicited emails is intrusive and wastes their time.
Customers feel they are being treated well, and come back.
Customers feel they can depend on health care industry nurses who demonstrate knowledge.
Customers feel wanted and appreciated.
Customers fill it out and send it in themselves.
Customers fill out a customer expense report.
Customers fill out a risk profile and submit it in a secure area of the site.
Customers fill out questionnaires at the site to explain what work they want to have done.
Customers find answers to their own questions, escalating to personal assistance if needed.
Customers find contractors.
Customers find endless browsing in privacy.
Customers find getting to Web sites slow and frustrating.
Customers find homes.
Customers find images using keyword and category searches.
Customers find it handy for a detailed view of their code.
Customers find it helpful in designing groundbeds in a wide range of applications.
Customers find it lightning fast and easy to use.
Customers find it worth the wait.
Customers find our Internet directory a valuable resource.
Customers find out right away if they can shop.
Customers Find out who has docked there ship here, or have just stopped by.
Customers find system-wide solutions to their processing and packaging needs.
Customers find that implementation is easier, costs are lower, and total up time is higher.
Customers find that it's excellent for solid patterns, models or molds.
Customers find that most in-house leaks result from leaky flush valves or spud washers on toilets.
Customers find that our extensive inventory and knowledgable staff meet all of their needs.
Customers find the atmosphere to be cozy and the surroundings elegant.
Customers find the buying process too complicated and more stressful than ever.
Customers find the mall settings more convenient and exciting than strip centers.
Customers find the product very easy to use.
Customers find the racks easy to operate.
Customers find their size more quickly and easily.
Customers finish meals.
Customers first register on the site, and then it's free to list an item for sale and free to bid.
Customers flock to the store to find replacements for missing buttons.
Customers flood the store and get their hands on great deals.
Customers focus on developing job leads through cold calling.
Customers focus on procedures.
Customers focus on the business logic of the application.
Customers follow on-screen directions to retrieve a PIN number and access their locker.
Customers form communities.
Customers fund the TSC through service agreements.
Customers gain a more extensive, top-notch security solution.
Customers gain access to the applications through the Internet or dedicated leased lines.
Customers gain access to the full capacity that they have paid for.
Customers gain access to the Web site with their regular subscription to their newsletter.
Customers gain complete global access by linking distant sites directly to each other.
Customers gain confidence from trading online, and use it to make other purchases.
Customers gain expanded living space and experience a relaxing, tranquil environment.
Customers gain from controlled, secure environments and highly reliable network connections.
Customers gain full access to product information at any time.
Customers gain increased flexibility to better manage their networks and achieve higher performance.
Customers gain new power.
Customers gain place utility by having convenient access to products where needed.
Customers gain power when substitutes for the service are available, or self-production is possible.
Customers gain the convenience of sourcing repeat purchases through the Web.
Customers gain the most by installing the correct e-commerce infrastructure.
Customers generally arrive by car so there is ample parking to serve the retailer.
Customers generally assume that such activities are the vendor's responsibility.
Customers generally expect prices to increase reasonably over time.
Customers generally go only where they receive attention and are treated with courtesy and respect.
Customers generally have none.
Customers generally obtain home banking services in one of two ways.
Customers generally use margin to leverage their investments and increase their purchasing power.
Customers get a better, more satisfying experience.
Customers get a direct line to professionals who are experts in their field.
Customers get a lower price on the next purchase if the first bottle is turned in.
Customers get a newer, faster OMR scanner at no additional cost.
Customers get a notification anytime there has been a change in their order status.
Customers get a personally signed book.
Customers get a proven track record of quality and reliability.
Customers get a quick sale with no hassles.
Customers get a safe 'evergreen' investment.
Customers get a sense of confidence that the prices are accurate.
Customers get a shot at a discount on the latest equipment.
Customers get a tour of the plant and go on a test track ride with a certified driver.
Customers get a variety of options when purchasing a tooling column.
Customers get a wide range of shipping options, and it works in favor of the merchant too.
Customers get an American dial tone through a simple procedure.
Customers get an immediate confirmation number while they are online.
Customers get automatic status updates by e-mail at every stage of the movement.
Customers get better performance from the business.
Customers get better software.
Customers get brand names of choice.
Customers get cheaper telephone bills.
Customers get confirmation by filling out an on-screen form with itinerary information.
Customers get cost savings, increased customer satisfaction and exceptional convenience.
Customers get deep-discount commissary prices.
Customers get discounts when they purchase multiple services.
Customers get email appointment reminders.
Customers get everything from personal interaction to full menus.
Customers get exactly what they want.
Customers get exactly, and only, what they want.
Customers get excellent service and are treated politely.
Customers get excited, and revenue starts flowing in.
Customers get fast, personal and appropriate responses to their questions.
Customers get free access to the online hotels but pay for the virtual furniture.
Customers get free unlimited real time quotes.
Customers get good deals, and printers keep presses humming.
Customers get immediate pricing and rapid quotes.
Customers get immediate responses.
Customers get in line for the higher-performance machines.
Customers get instant answers to their questions on sizing and availability.
Customers get more than burgers and fries when they come in.
Customers get on the service quickly.
Customers get optional choices for on-site support and hardware replacement.
Customers get price breaks as they buy larger quantities of paper.
Customers get products.
Customers get reduced rates or rebates.
Customers get sloppy pouring the tomato mixes and hot sauces.
Customers get such a kick out of it.
Customers get the convenience they want.
Customers get the feeling of their own little space.
Customers get the full flavor without the mess, which is captured at the bottom of the bag.
Customers get the money in the form of a check about two months after closing.
Customers get their apps faster.
Customers get their hair cut by women dressed in lingerie, and they can get a massage afterward.
Customers get their own accounts on the system so they can both send and receive email.
Customers get their questions answered immediately.
Customers get to choose from a wide variety of used cars at our showroom.
Customers get to choose their power provider, but power providers get to choose their customers.
Customers get to grind their own grain using a crank-operated Corona mill.
Customers get to see pictures along with audio descriptions.
Customers get toll-quality voice with superior bandwidth efficiency.
Customers get voice and data connectivity, plus financial content and transactional capabilities.
Customers get what they want, when they want it, quickly and easily.
Customers give feedback.
Customers give their name and address in the process of generating an order.
Customers give valuable feedback.
Customers go a market maker's web site and can see who's buying and who's selling in real time.
Customers go directly to their bank's home page to access on-line banking services.
Customers go elsewhere and develop new habits.
Customers go elsewhere.
Customers go from store to store until they find a salesperson.
Customers go through a life cycle in the acquisition and use of any product or service.
Customers go where they are wanted and stay where they are appreciated.
Customers gravitate to the salespeople who look like they know the most.
Customers greet each other warmly, and the employees are on a first name basis with many patrons.
Customers hail the convenience.
Customers hand a blank personal check to the clerk, who inserts it into the machine.
Customers happily munch on the dripping creations as juice spills their mouths, over their faces.
Customers has to provide their own router.
Customers hate short fries.
Customers hate that.
Customers hate to be sold to but they love to buy.
Customers hate waiting on the telephone.
Customers have (part) arms.
Customers have (part) body substances.
Customers have (part) cell membranes.
Customers have (part) cells.
Customers have (part) corpi.
Customers have (part) cytoplasm.
Customers have (part) heads.
Customers have (part) human bodies.
Customers have (part) legs.
Customers have (part) material bodies.
Customers have (part) necks.
Customers have (part) nuclei.
Customers have (part) personality.
Customers have (part) plasma membranes.
Customers have (part) sections.
Customers have (part) vacuoles.
Customers have a certain sense about caring and intimacy.
Customers have a choice of list format, either a printed hard copy list or as a computer program.
Customers have a choice of long distance carrier for service beyond the area.
Customers have a choice of lower drawers, file cabinets or tower compatible.
Customers have a choice of nine different dishes.
Customers have a choice of pre-made or semi made to order.
Customers have a choice of twelve different channels covering all major sporting events.
Customers have a choice when they buy their prescription drugs.
Customers have a choice.
Customers have a good memory.
Customers have a huge asset base from which to operationally configure their services.
Customers have a natural interest in getting all that from one source.
Customers have a new and different sort of power, as do workers.
Customers have a personalized experience that creates loyalty.
Customers have a poor perception of rebate offered products.
Customers have a privilege to get sales supporting from company when they sign service contract.
Customers have a problem realizing that a large manufacturer can make mistakes.
Customers have a right to complain and get satisfaction.
Customers have a right to correct personal information if they find it to be inaccurate.
Customers have a right to demand interoperability among their security solutions.
Customers have a right to know the environmental impacts of their purchases.
Customers have a right to receive the best service available.
Customers have a single number to call.
Customers have a single point of contact for technical and management questions.
Customers have a tendency to be demanding.
Customers have a tough time figuring out who is who.
Customers have a value, and repeat customers have lots of value.
Customers have a variety of purchase options.
Customers have a very different focus.
Customers have a wide variety of choices.
Customers have access during designated hours each day the bank is open.
Customers have access to a special area of the site which includes a recommended buy list.
Customers have access to charting and to profiles of listed companies.
Customers have access to customized information, online searching, reviews, and ordering.
Customers have access to extras like an asset allocator, checking accounts, and wireless trading.
Customers have access to greater amounts of and dynamic information to support their queries.
Customers have access to information gathered at the site at any time.
Customers have access to market data, news, and account information.
Customers have access to materials borrowed through interlibrary loan for at least one week.
Customers have access to operating system file operation functions.
Customers have access to the courses at any time, and can educate themselves at their own pace.
Customers have access to the Internet at speeds normally unattainable.
Customers have access to their account information via our monthly bills.
Customers have access to two on-site terminals.
Customers have an ever-increasing number of energy supply and service choices.
Customers have an extremely high level of satisfaction with library staff.
Customers have an insatiable demand for the Internet and demand access wherever they go.
Customers have an intuitive shopping experience.
Customers have appliances.
Customers have at their disposal a broad-ranging network of cash points and pay points.
Customers have attention.
Customers have choices.
Customers have choices.
Customers have concerns about obvious tipping requirements.
Customers have confidence in their order and know they'll get what's promised.
Customers have consumption.
Customers have coverage across the continent and can use advanced features everywhere.
Customers have direct access to support information and knowledge.
Customers have direct access to their assigned scientist and support personnel.
Customers have easy access.
Customers have e-mail support.
Customers have fewer options.
Customers have four choices for purchase depending on configuration needs.
Customers have freedom of choice.
Customers have full access to our portfolio.
Customers have full interoperability with one another regardless of provider.
Customers have goals and expectations of good service.
Customers have good reason to be concerned.
Customers have hands.
Customers have have great success.
Customers have have success.
Customers have high expectations of our platforms.
Customers have high expectations of the products they buy.
Customers have higher expectations.
Customers have home appliances.
Customers have larger concerns than dots per inch or copies per minute.
Customers have less leisure time.
Customers have less time to go about the business of banking.
Customers have little or no say on what they pay or what it s spent on.
Customers have little to gain from non-uniform laws.
Customers have little tolerance for failure.
Customers have long memories about the reliability of French cars.
Customers have long memories for their best and the worst service experiences.
Customers have lots of different beliefs and attitudes when they are in the market for jewelry.
Customers have lower inventory costs.
Customers have many choices on the web.
Customers have many more channels over which to transact than ever before.
Customers have maximum flexibility for selecting or upgrading the required file transport layer.
Customers have more and better choices at their fingertips than ever before.
Customers have more choices and higher expectations.
Customers have more choices than ever before and our competitors are all good.
Customers have more choices than ever before.
Customers have more choices.
Customers have more information than ever before available about home buying.
Customers have more information, power and choice than ever before.
Customers have more options now.
Customers have more power than ever before they state.
Customers have needs, wants and fears all upon which the results depend.
Customers have no control over the size and shape of images sent to their Web sites.
Customers have no demand for it.
Customers have no difficulty in understanding the cart.
Customers have no options.
Customers have no personal rights against the insurers.
Customers have numerous options available.
Customers have ongoing access to trouble-shooting personel.
Customers have opportunity.
Customers have options to add and expand the versatility of their services.
Customers have preference.
Customers have products.
Customers have real time access to the status of the orders.
Customers have requirements.
Customers have rising expectations.
Customers have separate electrical circuits to isolate their equipment from others.
Customers have so much more information at their fingertips.
Customers have specific needs and expectations.
Customers have specific requirements.
Customers have strong requirements on how they want their orders and shipments handled.
Customers have telephones which they use fairly simply and inexpensively.
Customers have terrific ideas.
Customers have the ability to adapt quickly in a competitive and changing business environment.
Customers have the ability to be far better informed today than in the past.
Customers have the ability to buy new licenses only, upgrades only, or both.
Customers have the ability to check out the books on hand.
Customers have the ability to create a product based on a set of available alternatives.
Customers have the ability to customise the mail message subject title.
Customers have the ability to develop scenarios and databases to better train their students.
Customers have the ability to download the music on the spot after making a purchase.
Customers have the ability to turn off or on the notification of status information.
Customers have the ability to use a vast array of graphics options to suit their needs.
Customers have the choice of receiving their orders freight collect.
Customers have the choice of rooms with a sea view, town view or garden view.
Customers have the choice of selecting from among all the world's leading databases.
Customers have the choice of telephone and Internet betting.
Customers have the entire world to shop in now.
Customers have the flexibility to choose between one and six arrays.
Customers have the flexibility to choose from economical hosting plans to the most sophisticated.
Customers have the flexibility to design the perfect travel companion.
Customers have the flexibility to design their own pages or use a Web Consultant.
Customers have the opportunity to proofread ads before they are published.
Customers have the opportunity to proofread ads before they are sent.
Customers have the option of dining in, take out or drive thru.
Customers have the option of free Internet banking and free check writing.
Customers have the option of omitting their billing street address when they order.
Customers have the option of placing their own reserves on specific items.
Customers have the option of renewing the leases before the terms expire.
Customers have the option of selecting glass or Plexiglas.
Customers have the option of using all prepaid funds prior to cancellation.
Customers have the option of using the phone in satellite or cellular mode.
Customers have the option of using three native speaking translators for each document conversion.
Customers have the option of using two different versions of the site.
Customers have the option to be sent information either by e-mail or traditional mail.
Customers have the option to choose from overnight, two-day and ground delivery.
Customers have the option to choose to receive an email copy of their account statement.
Customers have the option to discontinue receiving future mailings.
Customers have the option to make small, affordable weekly payments over one to six months.
Customers have the options to upgrade.
Customers have the original CD so they can reload the software.
Customers have the responsibility to obtain appropriate permits before they begin projects.
Customers have the right to be treated with respect.
Customers have the right to buy goods that work as promised.
Customers have the right to buy the item at the end of the lease.
Customers have the right to cancel the contract for a full refund within three days.
Customers have the right to decide the terms on which they patronize the restaurant.
Customers have the right to get what they want.
Customers have the right to have any inaccurate information corrected or deleted.
Customers have the right to have it done properly the first time.
Customers have the right to hear Yes.
Customers have the right to know what is in their food.
Customers have the right to receive a wow.
Customers have the right to receive value.
Customers have the right to refuse shipment for any reason.
Customers have the same needs and desires whether they're on the street or on the Web.
Customers have their choice of daily entrees, grilled items, deli sandwiches, and specialty items.
Customers have their own equipment and have to maintain it themselves.
Customers have their own expectations as well.
Customers have three options for downloading and installing the new software.
Customers have three options when applying for their free easyPAY tag.
Customers have to activate their new card before utilizing it.
Customers have to ask to be part of the program.
Customers have to be able to see each piece independently.
Customers have to bear the shipping cost from their location to our sales office.
Customers have to buy new handsets to access the wireless web.
Customers have to continually protect themselves.
Customers have to decide quickly from the variety of options listed all around the takeout window.
Customers have to fight back.
Customers have to go to each insurer's site, do their research and then move on to the next site.
Customers have to have a satellite dish.
Customers have to make an extra effort to reach the store.
Customers have to make money.
Customers have to make very hard choices.
Customers have to pay the cost of materials and labor to install the security light.
Customers have to purchase preferred language version individually, if different from preloaded one.
Customers have to respond within a set period.
Customers have to return batteries.
Customers have to ship goods back at their own expense.
Customers have to sign up for a minimum period of three years.
Customers have to supply their own PC hardware and Internet connections.
Customers have to take several things into consideration when deciding to purchase a product online.
Customers have to wait excessive periods to interact with staff.
Customers have to wait on hold for extended periods of time before receiving the care they deserve.
Customers have to want to buy in the shop and come back.
Customers have too many servers which prove difficult to manage.
Customers have two choices of appliances.
Customers have two choices when the program ends.
Customers have two options for handsets.
Customers have unlimited access to reports which are available on-line and updated hourly.
Customers have unmatched loyalty to the products because of their life changing results.
Customers have until evening to bid into the program.
Customers have very few obligations, citizens do.
Customers have very high expectations.
Customers have visibility to their shipments in real time.
Customers have zero tolerance for color deviation in print.
Customers having their animals vaccinated pay an additional charge.
Customers hear another recorded message when the mortgage lender receives their signed applications.
Customers hear it first, and if they like it, they take it home.
Customers help design and build the code.
Customers help markets.
Customers help mouth markets.
Customers help shape our performance goals and measures.
Customers help themselves to gas, and since there's no-one outside to pay, they go inside.
Customers help themselves to multimedia product information.
Customers here are very demanding.
Customers here do arrogant things with the products.
Customers here have some advantages.
Customers Here is a partial list of our customers.
Customers here like to consult the vendors instead of trying things out for themselves.
Customers here scoop up the latest editions of Vietnamese-language newspapers.
Customers here take informed decisions.
Customers highlight toward few book meanwhile dry buying a tennis racquet.
Customers hire cars, one customer hires many card and a car is hired by many customers.
Customers hire lawyers to file malpractice suits in order to get adequate haircare.
Customers hitting the main page receive a random opening.
Customers hold it to a higher standard.
Customers hold state funds to a higher service standard as costs increase.
Customers holding service agreements receive priority.
Customers however are able to handle the products to determine quality.
Customers immediately know where to go and how to get there.
Customers immediately look at the bottom of the container to make sure the product is still good.
Customers improve their business processes by the juditous application of technology.
Customers includes institutions, restaurants and retail establishments.
Customers increasingly are concerned about the privacy of their personal information.
Customers increasingly expect to do business over the Internet.
Customers increasingly see the advantage of moving away from centralized control.
Customers increasingly think that technology is the magic answer to their needs.
Customers increasingly use the reference material available on-line, though.
Customers indicate that telemarketing follow-up to Web site registration adds insult to injury.
Customers indicate the amount they want to donate each month and that amount is added to their bill.
Customers indicate the authorized quantities to ship from a blanket purchase agreement.
Customers inquire from all parts of the nation, from Massachusetts to California.
Customers insist on reliable, flexible and affordable launch services.
Customers insist on the company s products because of their unmatched quality and ease of use.
Customers install a thin client application on their PCs.
Customers install no hardware or software.
Customers interact with a product-line organization in a different way.
Customers interact with books online before purchasing.
Customers intuitively understand the Web.
Customers invest their valuable time when visiting a web site.
Customers invite approved list builders to price the work.
Customers involved in international shipping are usually concerned about reliability and speed.
Customers is available for small, private colleges as well as larger, public universities.
Customers is guaranteed support.
Customers ITC already have a varied and International customer base.
Customers jewish press magazines.
Customers join at the back of the queue.
Customers judge the quality of their drinking water based on taste and appearance.
Customers jump a level when visiting multiple locations within the same business.
Customers just click and move items into a plan to create their vision.
Customers just describe the assignment to adcrew online using a form and submit any artwork.
Customers just dial a number in their own country and the calls are automatically routed to Denmark.
Customers just download their copies for nearly instant delivery.
Customers just fill out a simple Web form and attach any graphics.
Customers just have more choices today than they've ever had.
Customers just have to provide item data, bill the winners and ship products.
Customers just heat and eat.
Customers just love to be complimented.
Customers just think they are gimmicks and usually don t shop in high numbers.
Customers just view products in the online catalog.
Customers keep fish.
Customers keep signing up.
Customers keep their current telephone numbers.
Customers keep writing in with their own requests for very special jewelry designs.
Customers knock on their door well after the couple and their three children are in bed.
Customers know exactly what they want and how much they are willing to pay for it.
Customers know how to interact with the provider and know what to expect from the provider.
Customers know independent agents offer the best possible value, because they provide a choice.
Customers know it.
Customers know more and demand more.
Customers know our technical staff by name.
Customers know that by going with a smaller ISP, they have more flexibility.
Customers know that car prices are negotiable.
Customers know that no carrier can dominate the services being offered.
Customers know that products can fail.
Customers know that.
Customers know the cost before the work begins.
Customers know the difference.
Customers know the nature of the product being sold and the prices being charged by each firm.
Customers know the system is supposed to be instant and can t understand why they get delayed.
Customers know they can buy diamonds from so many places.
Customers know they can count on it, time after time.
Customers know they can shop among ASPs for the best terms on service as well as price.
Customers know value when they see it.
Customers know very soon if too much or too little access was ordered.
Customers know very well when the product, the price and the support are right.
Customers know what they want.
Customers know what to expect through colorful pictures and signs.
Customers know when consultants are performing to someone else's tune.
Customers know when to expect our trucks and drivers have more time for pickups and deliveries.
Customers know, with total reliability, when to expect the delivery of a spare part.
Customers laminate, make transparencies and bulletin board decorations, shoot slides, and more.
Customers laud the software's high performance, reliability, and uptime.
Customers laugh and crowds gather as cars race, crash, and swerve around the track.
Customers lead to improvement.
Customers Learn about our customers and how they are using our products.
Customers learn about the web site from the Internet and traditional media.
Customers learn how many servings from the different food groups to have every day.
Customers learn job search skills and work place etiquette.
Customers lease the carpet and accompanying maintenance services.
Customers leave feeling relaxed and energized.
Customers leave frustrated.
Customers leave the content sections entirely when they want to shop.
Customers leave their clothes in the boxes.
Customers light their own fiber, and provide all service layers above that.
Customers like to be connected.
Customers like to bundle their shopping as conveniently as possible.
Customers like to buy from people who believe in their product and are willing to ask for the order.
Customers like to buy individuality - a brand.
Customers like to call the waitresses by their first name.
Customers like to deal with consistent quality.
Customers like to deal with one vendor, one single solution.
Customers like to do business with businesses that have a stake in their community.
Customers like to do business with firms that have a stake in their community.
Customers like to do business with salespeople they relate to.
Customers like to feel appreciated.
Customers like to go online for books, but want to remain faithful patrons.
Customers like to know they'll get special attention.
Customers like to know what they are buying.
Customers like to sample books before making a purchase.
Customers like to see carrots with the tops on and melons that are fully ripe.
Customers like to see clean and tidy food handlers.
Customers like to see real people.
Customers like to see their orders written down.
Customers like to see what they're getting.
Customers like to talk to management, get prompt response to their questions and feel wanted.
Customers like to try new foods, and they like to share.
Customers like to try their hand at making brittle candy.
Customers like to wait and see what's going to happen.
Customers like to work with businesses they know, and trust is transferred as a company goes online.
Customers like to work with people who are like themselves.
Customers line up at the door.
Customers line up in Last Call.
Customers linger well after the bill is paid to gawk at the spectacle.
Customers link with quality content and user-friendly technology.
Customers Listen to customers.
Customers listen to Spanish music on a radio and talk sports, jobs, and family.
Customers living in Europe can expect shorter delivery time than customers living outside Europe.
Customers living on busy roads have many more problems, in our experience.
Customers load up on extra salsa, cilantro, green onions, lemons and limes at the salsa bar.
Customers log in by clicking on the link above.
Customers log into a secure server to add, change or delete E-mail addresses.
Customers log into their password-protected accounts to view and pay their bills online.
Customers log on to a site, where they interact with a growing range of services.
Customers log on to the consolidator's Web site to access their statements and initiate payments.
Customers log on using a simple registration procedure, enter a password and commence shopp ing.
Customers log onto the site and request desired prices for merchandise.
Customers login here for online help.
Customers look first at what they can reap from government.
Customers look for a convenient service facility close to home.
Customers look for a seller who knows their industry inside and out.
Customers look for choices.
Customers look forward to our repeat visits on a bi-weekly basis.
Customers look on with suspicion and uncertainty.
Customers looking for quick answers want the correct solution in the shortest amount of time.
Customers looking for specific info can e-mail or phone a request.
Customers looking to avoid fees have to let the bank keep more of their money.
Customers lose electricity.
Customers lose interest if given more than five options.
Customers lose power.
Customers love a new store .
Customers love being able to hear certain songs before buying the disk.
Customers love being recognized by an employee of an establishment or a store.
Customers love buying at good prices and from their homes.
Customers love celebration.
Customers love choice, but they can be overwhelmed by too much of it.
Customers love choices .
Customers love coming to our office.
Customers love e-commerce for a number of reasons also.
Customers love having a true replica of the finished product.
Customers love high quality and low price.
Customers love it and are willing to pay more for it.
Customers love it because they don t have to edit or install a thing.
Customers love it, too.
Customers love it.
Customers Love It.
Customers love our candles, stuffed toys, and decorative accessories.
Customers love our chairs because they are sooo comfortable.
Customers love our products.
Customers love our service as much as they love the boats.
Customers love that turn-key service.
Customers love the accessibility to information and resources.
Customers love the appearance, double colors, and especially the natural aromas.
Customers love the convenience of shopping from home.
Customers love the fact that they can afford to layer their favorite fragrance.
Customers love the fajitas and birthday parties with free sombreros and ice cream.
Customers love the gala atmosphere, as well as the Mexican specialties.
Customers love the guy's ability to create distinctive sounds.
Customers love the most convenient new way to order and the site continues to grow every day.
Customers love the new e-bank, too.
Customers love the on-line catalogue.
Customers love the power of shopping from their own personal computer.
Customers love the rugged comfort, convenient jumbo pockets and elastic waist and knit cuff ankles.
Customers love the speed and satisfaction.
Customers love the time-saving convenience of shopping from home.
Customers love to come and explore all the nooks and crannies of the historic shop.
Customers love to comparison shop with a printout in hand.
Customers love to have options.
Customers love to see the work performed on their diamonds.
Customers lured by ads tend to be disloyal.
Customers make a best value selection.
Customers make advance payments to secure goods and services.
Customers make better prospects than non-customers.
Customers make buying decisions based on more than just price and more than just product.
Customers make decisions based on the information provided, including available options.
Customers make decisions on a complete business solution - application, hardware and software.
Customers make decisions.
Customers make educated decisions by seeing and reading .
Customers make great contributing writers, too.
Customers make inform decisions.
Customers make monthly payments with a balloon purchase payment due at the end of the contract.
Customers make more inform decisions.
Customers make requests to have software developed.
Customers make their final deals with auction winners directly.
Customers manage their servers and storage, at least for now.
Customers marvel that our stitching is better than their denim jeans.
Customers measure value in terms of quality and responsiveness.
Customers migrate when they can t obtain common welding products in a timely manner.
Customers misunderstand the term privacy.
Customers misunderstand what is being offered, or miss the offer, and fail to buy it.
Customers moaning in a public forum is the best way of getting a response from companies.
Customers mostly order it in banquets or large parties.
Customers move effortlessly from page to page, without ever having to think about where to go next.
Customers move through a market space rich in message clutter and alternatives.
Customers move through the system in less time because utilization is increased.
Customers move through the system more slowly because utilization is increased.
Customers name a price they are willing to pay for travel between cities, within certain parameters.
Customers nationwide enjoy the double benefit of cost savings and environmental recycling.
Customers nationwide trust our prompt delivery, as well as, our shipping and billing practices.
Customers need information.
Customers need stuff.
Customers needing a printed invoice can print one from their account control panel.
Customers needing cash can swipe their debit or credit card and, once approved, a check is printed.
Customers needing large numbers of chips can have the best of both worlds.
Customers needing production quantities can now meet their needs.
Customers needs and expectations are identified and understood.
Customers needs and wants change.
Customers needs exceed what the industry can produce.
Customers needs range from portfolios for individuals, trusts and pension plans.
Customers never bring it up, maybe once or twice a year.
Customers never experience an outage.
Customers never feel ignored.
Customers never have to pay both overdue fines and costs of materials.
Customers never know what they'll find here.
Customers never lose any access to their safe deposit boxes.
Customers never realize they're dealing with a third party.
Customers normally bring a picnic style lunch and beverages.
Customers normally purchase phone cards for specific dollar amounts.
Customers normally receive a weekly share of fresh vegetables, fruit, herbs, flowers, and even eggs.
Customers notice a can-do attitude when they experience it.
Customers notice that they're dealing with the same tech support people and sales people.
Customers notice the improvements.
Customers notice the stickers and respond promptly.
Customers notice who gets the most attention.
Customers now benefit from conservation through lower bills now.
Customers now buy a high percentage of new cars from existing dealer stocks.
Customers now can benefit from more performance and value at every price point.
Customers now can buy bouquets without leaving their cars.
Customers now can go directly to our website.
Customers now can literally choose any service provider in the world.
Customers now choose everything.
Customers now claim and certify for unemployment insurance benefits by phone.
Customers now consider it a standard feature.
Customers now demand improved and consistent quality.
Customers now demand more choice, greater convenience, and lower cost.
Customers now demand personalized service.
Customers now demand quicker delivery than ever before.
Customers now do everything online.
Customers now expect immediate access, or a least a very quick response.
Customers now expect immediate quality service, whether it is in person, on the phone or on the Web.
Customers now expect more-savvy networking and Internet access from their computers.
Customers now expect such performance from other segments of the economy as well.
Customers now get double the unlimited amount of time per month.
Customers now have a direct link to order parts and check availability.
Customers now have a lot less to be scared of.
Customers now have a safe, dependable water supply.
Customers now have access to open tasks, unresolved issues, and reports.
Customers now have an easier time finding and ordering products.
Customers now have higher expectations and wider choice than ever before.
Customers now have more choice and the ability to manage more platforms in their IT environment.
Customers now have one source for anodizing and slitting their toll work.
Customers now have the answers to many of their questions at their finger tips.
Customers now have the full array of multimedia services.
Customers now have the option of being sent their weekly or monthly mailing lists by e-mail.
Customers now have the option of having the site remember their information for their next visit.
Customers now have the power to be more demanding with a click of that magical button.
Customers now have to try to dial to see if the card can reach the place they want.
Customers now have two choices if they want to save their documents in searchable databases.
Customers now participate in creating products, and products are becoming experiences.
Customers now participate in creating products.
Customers now pay a slight premium for using wind power.
Customers now require information within minutes instead of days.
Customers now take superior customer service for granted.
Customers now walk in and immediately get a strange look on thier faces.
Customers number more than one hundred.
Customers obtain and purchase all our games online, with the minimum of hassle and delay.
Customers obtain services.
Customers obviously come first.
Customers obviously enjoy faster deliveries.
Customers occasionally install the new releases.
Customers occasionally observe the tests.
Customers offer information in return for customized services that meet their needs.
Customers offer photos of their installations, which hail from Ohio as well as Florida and Denmark.
Customers only become profitable when they have changed their habits to become sustainably loyal.
Customers only have to have their doctor complete a certification form.
Customers only have to keep a working supply on hand.
Customers only have to wait for the appraisal on their home.
Customers only pay for the electricity.
Customers only pay for the information they download.
Customers only pay for the time that they utilize the network.
Customers only pay the differential cost for exchanges or upgrades from a previous purchase.
Customers only receive communications when there is a problem with their service.
Customers only see available times for bookings and details of their own bookings.
Customers operate in the glass, railroad, trucking, farming, and hydraulic pump industries.
Customers order and pay online, corporation ships directly to customer.
Customers order at the counter, choose a drink from the coolers and sit down at a table.
Customers order books and specifically request the trading cards.
Customers order directly from the maker.
Customers order directly.
Customers order from our site or the toll free number.
Customers order from the USA to Australia, Japan to South Africa, Argentina to Israel.
Customers order on a bright red phone, and servers deliver the food but there's no tipping.
Customers order pizza from their local pizza restaurants.
Customers order sashimi for two or four, depending on the number of people.
Customers order securely on-line using their major credit card.
Customers order the product kitted in high level codes.
Customers order the same things, all the time, at regular intervals.
Customers order their drinks from the website.
Customers order what they want via a remote control and the programme arrives within seconds.
Customers overwhelmingly choose to order products in the printed format.
Customers own computers.
Customers own design is cordially welcome.
Customers own the cooperative and elect a board of directors.
Customers own the equipment at the end of the lease.
Customers park FREE with domain registration.
Customers participate as key members of the integral project design team.
Customers participate in the formal machine acceptance process.
Customers pass along, marked catalogues in hand, and full of questions.
Customers pay a base subscription fee and then a transaction fee.
Customers pay a dollar a day fine for late movies.
Customers pay a fee for design work and take the plans to a builder, cabinetmaker or retailer.
Customers pay a fixed hourly billing rate for all hours worked.
Customers pay a flat rate to Mexico where their call terminates.
Customers pay a lot of money.
Customers pay a month rental fee and for bandwidth used.
Customers pay a monthly fee for the bundle of services without an up-front capital outlay.
Customers pay a monthly fee to use applications through the Web or a leased connection.
Customers pay a monthly usage fee to access the applications over the Web.
Customers pay a percentage of their savings back to the company.
Customers pay a portion of the cost of services based on income and household size.
Customers pay a separate charge for delivery, a fee that is set by state regulators.
Customers pay a service charge.
Customers pay a subscription fee to receive a share of the farm s harvest.
Customers pay a typical credit card interest rate for purchases.
Customers pay all applicable sales tax.
Customers pay all duties and charges for customs.
Customers pay all duties and taxes on international shipments.
Customers pay an annual fee based on volume of data, frequency of spidering and query load.
Customers pay an annual membership fee, which is valid for any trips taken that year.
Customers pay as they use the service.
Customers pay as usual, receive their receipt and are on their way.
Customers pay based on their use of the services.
Customers pay based on what they use.
Customers pay by credit card and can bet as little as a dollar.
Customers pay by the megabit, and only for what they use.
Customers pay by the minute for using the application.
Customers pay cash for using the phone.
Customers pay different fees based on the amount of bandwidth they use.
Customers pay different rates according to applications and buying power.
Customers pay each month for their next month's services.
Customers pay for all gas and oil used.
Customers pay for connectivity, period.
Customers pay for distribution, transmission and ancillary services.
Customers pay for each measurement ton over the limit when shipping a vehicle at government expense.
Customers pay for lodging at the hotel of their choice.
Customers pay for monthly service up front.
Customers pay for overnight stays for the crew, as well as airport landing fees and taxes.
Customers pay for parts and materials.
Customers pay for parts, supplies and a small processing fee.
Customers pay for premium rate calls through their telephone bills in the normal way.
Customers pay for stories by the month or per story.
Customers pay for the service as a part of their monthly utility bill.
Customers pay for the software by providing their credit card details.
Customers pay for the software on a subscription basis.
Customers pay for their purchases at an express register.
Customers pay for their tooling and it is then stored for their exclusive use.
Customers pay for timely accurate results.
Customers pay for what they use, typically on a monthly subscription basis.
Customers pay for what they use.
Customers pay freight on all returns.
Customers pay in advance for a seasons worth of produce.
Customers pay in advance for a specific amount of service.
Customers pay in either currency.
Customers pay in the form of personal information and attention to advertising content.
Customers pay more for better service.
Customers pay no dues, membership fees or capitalization.
Customers pay on a monthly basis .
Customers pay one shekel for a shave, three for a trim.
Customers pay only for shipping and handling of their prints.
Customers pay only for the actual data they view, print or have delivered.
Customers pay only for the telephone call through their regular phone service.
Customers pay only for the time they use a vehicle for each trip.
Customers pay only for their specific customizations.
Customers pay only for transferred data.
Customers pay only monthly service fees based on the number of users.
Customers pay only normal ground shipping charges.
Customers pay our salary.
Customers pay our wages.
Customers pay postage costs plus any additional fees charged by the mail-forwarding service.
Customers pay pre-arranged monthly installments, depending on the size of the credit line.
Customers pay promptly, which in turn allows timely payments to vendors.
Customers pay shipping and handling charges.
Customers pay shipping and handling fee that are involved with returns and exchanges.
Customers pay shipping on all items.
Customers pay shipping on all returned items.
Customers pay the bills.
Customers pay the cost of the food itself, while distribution overheads are subsidized.
Customers pay the fees in monthly bills.
Customers pay the full market price for the natural gas they use.
Customers pay the owner of the electricity.
Customers pay the regular disposal rate for all items.
Customers pay the regular fare but there is no additional charge for bringing a bike.
Customers pay the same amount for their energy bills each month.
Customers pay the same monthly amount regardless of how much the network is used.
Customers pay the surcharge when they pay their monthly phone bills.
Customers pay when someone clicks on the link to arrive at the customers web site.
Customers pay with credit cards and receive their shipment in two to three business days.
Customers pay, and they're the ones getting the services.
Customers paying by check also receive a cash discount.
Customers paying by credit cards - most browsers support our secure order form.
Customers perceive financial services merely as a necessary evil.
Customers perceive it as extra-value.
Customers perceive pizza to have high value for the dollar.
Customers perceive PSBs as the dinosaurs of the Indian financial system,'' says a banker.
Customers perceive that SLAs can ensure no backsliding to previous levels of service.
Customers perceive that they're being avoided or ignored.
Customers personally select what information they want and schedule delivery when they want.
Customers pick and choose what they want.
Customers pick the dish of their choice as the train motors by.
Customers pick up behavioral nuances like bloodhounds pick up scents.
Customers pick up own materials in back area and drive out.
Customers pick up the modems and installation instructions at a designated location.
Customers pilot the boat themselves, after receiving instructions.
Customers place a big emphasis on buying the perfect gift.
Customers place a number of orders.
Customers place a value on products based on their perceptions of that product.
Customers place an order and collect the items the following day.
Customers place bets on jai-alai games played at the facilities.
Customers place more trust in companies whose approach and actions they can predict.
Customers place orders at the counter, pay and are then free to find a seat.
Customers place orders at the counter, take their seats and wait to be served.
Customers place orders on a touch-screen and pay via credit card at the machine.
Customers place orders with three days' notice by phone or e-mail.
Customers place their food and drink orders upon entering and pay at that time.
Customers place their order through the website and pay by credit card.
Customers place their orders at a tortilla station.
Customers place their orders online.
Customers place their own orders by picking up a red phone next to each table.
Customers placing larger orders get bigger discounts, always.
Customers play a role in restoring service.
Customers play a role, especially in the case of large companies.
Customers play back the audio information with a battery operated device.
Customers pop in and out of the tanning booths and smile as they eagerly await their beautification.
Customers post jobs and vendors bid for the work.
Customers post parameters for their insurance needs and then companies bid for the business.
Customers post questions with the price they are willing to pay.
Customers post requests for components that component authors then offer to fulfill.
Customers praise the clarity and depth of sound in our recordings.
Customers praise the friendly and attentive bar staff.
Customers prefer and ask for the sweet goodness of honey.
Customers prefer bright white high-quality paper.
Customers prefer buying from a trustworthy vendor.
Customers prefer clear bar fences that allow greater air circulation.
Customers prefer diver-shot fish because they are fresher.
Customers prefer doing business online.
Customers prefer doing business with companies who maintain clean shops and protect the environment.
Customers prefer informal route for settling service issues.
Customers prefer it also.
Customers prefer one brand to the other, often because of historic and one-time bad experiences.
Customers prefer reliability over systems that claim to be leading-edge.
Customers prefer responses within a few hours, but one day is acceptable.
Customers prefer stores where the parking is in the front.
Customers prefer suppliers.
Customers prefer the convenience.
Customers prefer the conveniences of 'direct delivery channels' instead of going to the branch.
Customers prefer to work with friendly, positive salespeople.
Customers prepay any amount, which is loaded onto their smart card.
Customers prepay bundles of minutes in advance with a credit card.
Customers pre-pay for a set number of doctors for the first month's schedule.
Customers prepay monthly fees for urgent home medical attention under a capitated service agreement.
Customers pre-pay the committed amount and receive a discounted daily rate as a result.
Customers prepay the operator for gas at a specific pump.
Customers prepay their tolls and receive an audio cassette-size electronic tag.
Customers present opportunity.
Customers present the card with every purchase.
Customers press buttons.
Customers press their right thumb onto the pad, then mark the check next to their endorsement.
Customers profit from dealing with a single point of contact for the entire project.
Customers profit from our in-plant quality assurance program and commitment to exceptional service.
Customers promote their website and fulfill their own orders.
Customers prove our success.
Customers provide complementary services.
Customers provide services.
Customers provide sleeping bags, and personal equipment.
Customers provide the revenues needed to achieve profitability.
Customers provide the title, author, publication date, etc. of the document in their request.
Customers provide their own properly outfitted sea kayaks, tents, dry bags and personal equipment.
Customers publish their web sites by going through a template-driven, user friendly web interface.
Customers pull their cars up to one of the intercoms and place their order.
Customers punch their own selections, then slide their credit cards in for payment.
Customers purchase a fixed block of their electric capacity requirements from renewables.
Customers purchase a magnetic card that activates the solar home for a period of thirty days.
Customers purchase a set amount of time to use the application.
Customers purchase credit in advance.
Customers purchase directly from vendors.
Customers purchase ecash and can use it just like cash on websites that enable the use of digicash.
Customers purchase goods.
Customers purchase licenses that support the total number of CPUs for the system.
Customers purchase meats to give as gifts, especially business gifts.
Customers purchase only the tools and plug-ins that solve their specific needs.
Customers purchase the bags of food and then the charity picks up the bags.
Customers purchase their own checks.
Customers purchase tickets with a bar code printed, take it to a turnstile, and insert it.
Customers purchase various articles.
Customers purchasing a motorcycle have very high paint quality expectations.
Customers purchasing multiple services also have the option of allocating the card amount as needed.
Customers push carts.
Customers push into the door looking for it.
Customers push shop carts.
Customers qualify based on credit history and financial strength.
Customers querying the database can reach for and find details from the online directory.
Customers questionnaire to each participant.
Customers quickly get the specific information they want.
Customers quickly see the salesperson as friend or foe, partner or opponent.
Customers range from celebrities to the neighborhood mom looking to shape up after a new birth.
Customers range from chain stores to garden centers.
Customers range from collectors to savvy shoppers who are looking for a bargain.
Customers range from construction workers to local business owners to rich guys in suits.
Customers range from corporations, public and private institutions to families and individuals.
Customers range from couples seeking a romantic dinner to families.
Customers range from Hollywood stars to vintage car collectors.
Customers range from independent imprinters to seasonal sporting goods and uniform buyers.
Customers range from manufacturing to financial institutions, hotels and hospitals.
Customers range from microfilm research clerks to CEOs.
Customers range from Military and local governmental agencies to schools and private systems.
Customers range from multi-national companies to individuals.
Customers range from novices to experts.
Customers range from singles to families and across all ages.
Customers range from small businesses to the world's largest corporations and governments.
Customers range from universities to law firms, the companies say.
Customers range in ages.
Customers range in size from global conglomerates to one person consulting firms.
Customers rate the dealership in a number of fields.
Customers rather be informed up front, nobody likes surprises.
Customers rave about both the tasty food and the theory behind the program.
Customers rave about our personal service .
Customers rave about stability.
Customers rave about the ample portions and the great prices.
Customers rave about the plate-sized pancakes, and tea leaf reading is a tradition.
Customers reach the right person directly rather than being transferred into voice mail.
Customers react much more positively if the staff is friendly and professional.
Customers react to the filing, and in the rate case at hand, they reacted vocally and negatively.
Customers read Web pages much more slowly than print text.
Customers Read what our customers are saying about the quality of our work.
Customers realize benefits from increased expertise, capabilities, and infrastructure.
Customers realize cost efficiency and time savings.
Customers realize reduced costs by off-hours and remote management of the terminal.
Customers realize the lowest cost of consumables with the optimum configuration.
Customers realize the relationship is on their terms and under their control.
Customers realize what it costs.
Customers really appreciate having the chance to try something out, before making a big investment.
Customers really appreciate our ability to deal with inquiries quickly.
Customers really care about performance, resilience, and efficiency.
Customers really do look to the salesperson for information.
Customers really feel the loss of having a responsive banker.
Customers really like it, too.
Customers receive a box that begins to work as soon as they plug it into their networks.
Customers receive a card in exchange for completing a survey with their names and addresses.
Customers receive a card that is punched each time they purchase a sandwich and a drink.
Customers receive a d etailed account summary once a month.
Customers receive a dedicated team of network operators during peak hours.
Customers receive a free gift with every purchase.
Customers receive a maximum of two proofs per ad.
Customers receive a monthly report at no extra charge, detailing firewall incidents and changes.
Customers receive a monthly snapshot statement.
Customers receive a monthly statement which includes canceled checks for their record-keeping.
Customers receive a personalized shopping list each week based on their buying patterns.
Customers receive a printable detailed order form and an e-mail confirmation.
Customers receive a report specific to their home and energy use habits.
Customers receive a response to their offer in one business day.
Customers receive a serving ladled from a huge, ice-cold glass jar, usually several gallons in size.
Customers receive a small grace period at the end of each semester.
Customers receive a special e-mail address upon purchase.
Customers receive a spoon in order to consume the product.
Customers receive a substantial discount for purchasing licenses in larger quantities.
Customers receive a tangible apology for their inconvenience.
Customers receive a transcript of the results showing what was paid out and what was collected.
Customers receive a verification of their order by e-mail.
Customers receive accurate, timely and cost effective estimates for telecommunications services.
Customers receive accurate, timely and cost-effective estimates for telecommunications services.
Customers receive an acknowledgement of order via email upon the completion of online checkout.
Customers receive an earnings credit for the investable balances they maintain in the account.
Customers receive an e-mail receipt of their order as well.
Customers receive an instant acknowledgement of their orders when they check out.
Customers receive approval and electronic receipt of their order within seconds.
Customers receive approval and electronic receipt of their orders within seconds.
Customers receive automatic E-mail notification when loads are received, sterilized, and shipped.
Customers receive bronze models of the car while awaiting delivery.
Customers receive catalogue for free.
Customers receive clean, tabulated data six weeks after the start of fieldwork.
Customers receive clean, tabulated data within three weeks of the end of fieldwork.
Customers receive competitive loan rates and, in many cases, same day loan approval.
Customers receive complete patterns and instructions for construction of garments.
Customers receive comprehensive learning and performance support solutions for their workforce.
Customers receive daily, weekly, monthly or annual updates to ensure accuracy and timeliness.
Customers receive discounted prices for major upgrades.
Customers receive discounts based on the total number of qualifying services they sign up for.
Customers receive draft resumes for approval and satisfaction is guaranteed.
Customers receive enhanced service and senders save time, resources and money in the process.
Customers receive enhanced services at no additional charge.
Customers receive enhanced signal quality with digital picture and audio.
Customers receive free bingo verifiers.
Customers receive full statements, con firms, equity runs and documentation.
Customers receive genuine value from our products and services.
Customers receive ground water and recharged river water.
Customers receive high-quality applications and everything runs smoothly.
Customers receive high-quality information which defines the value of media.
Customers receive immediate delivery of our in-stock dresses.
Customers receive increased inventory turns and capacity without adding space to their facilities.
Customers receive individual attention in an open, friendly atmosphere.
Customers receive individualized attention.
Customers receive letters.
Customers receive login details with their welcome email.
Customers receive monthly e-mail notification when their bills are ready.
Customers receive monthly reports to track incidents, network usage, and trends.
Customers receive monthly statements itemizing account activity, daily rates and interest earned.
Customers receive more attentive and efficient service, which leads to higher satisfaction ratings.
Customers receive more than low prices.
Customers receive next day service.
Customers receive no relief to convert back to their original platform if the site runs more slowly.
Customers receive noticing tasks.
Customers receive offers.
Customers receive one bill.
Customers receive one copy of the signed cash register receipt.
Customers receive only good parts reduce inspection costs.
Customers receive output.
Customers receive preaddressed envelopes, with the bank's address.
Customers receive pre-numbered wristbands and on day of ticket sale, line up accordingly.
Customers receive prompt services.
Customers receive quality, personalized service from the owners themselves.
Customers receive receipts for all of their purchases.
Customers receive relevant offers from leading brands.
Customers receive responses to calls within seconds and to e-mails within minutes.
Customers receive reverse-osmosis treated river water.
Customers receive service plan quotes in milliseconds.
Customers receive service through copper service pipes that are connected to the main.
Customers receive services.
Customers receive several benefits from the agreement.
Customers receive so little courtesy in modern business that it is coveted and highly prized.
Customers receive statements.
Customers receive technical support and equipment repair services.
Customers receive the best rate, best mode and best service results.
Customers receive the best service from employees who love what they do and like where they work.
Customers receive the complete product on CD-ROM plus a color printed manual.
Customers receive the error noted above.
Customers receive the latest new releases, special events and more.
Customers receive the same pricing as the local markets.
Customers receive the same three year warrantee as for new machines.
Customers receive their answers within minutes from posting their inquiry.
Customers receive their faxed receipt as confirmation that their fax was received by our department.
Customers receive their first two months of online banking and bill payment for free.
Customers receive their itinerary and flight details by email.
Customers receive their shipments in three to five business days after ordering.
Customers receive tracking numbers and links to track their own orders.
Customers receive unlimited parts exchanges and hardware telephone support on a contract basis.
Customers receive updates and product information automatically via email.
Customers receive water directly from the wells or the tank depending on demand.
Customers receives complete identification program on equipment for hassle free order placing.
Customers receiving cultures from the DSMZ are responsible for their proper handling.
Customers recognize and appreciate the truth.
Customers recognize our capability and appreciate our accessibility at local levels.
Customers recognize our commitment to quality throughout the design and manufacturing processes.
Customers recognize proper conduct and appreciate it.
Customers recognize the great job that the staff is doing.
Customers recognize the superior performance of our risk management systems.
Customers recount a different experience.
Customers reduce or eliminate the overhead costs of operating their own shops.
Customers refer to a catalog of items to make selections and place orders.
Customers register billing information once and never have to do it again.
Customers register for care at a primary care site close to their home or place of employment.
Customers register for the service on the mall's Web site.
Customers register interests and receive emails.
Customers register on the site before placing their order using a credit card or debit card.
Customers register their pets, which can then be easily found if lost.
Customers regularly watch their cars being built and talk to the craftsmen involved.
Customers reject bad work.
Customers relate to conversational language.
Customers relay their needs and demands.
Customers rely on our products and professional service.
Customers rely on the computer for accounting and inventory control applications.
Customers rely on the power of the Internet for information, convenience and advice.
Customers remain faceless and voiceless, known only through their Internet presence.
Customers remain in their vehicle during service.
Customers remain responsible for all water used until service has been taken out of their name.
Customers remark daily about our smokey old fashioned ground beef which tastes like ground steak.
Customers remark favorably about the quality of the formatted recovered source code.
Customers remember good surprises, too.
Customers remember personalized products and their place of purchase.
Customers remember that.
Customers remotely access the software via an Internet browser or thin client.
Customers renew their loyalty very explicitly, at least once a year.
Customers rent access to software applications over the internet.
Customers rent space on a server at pair where web pages can be placed.
Customers rent the applications on a per monthly, per user basis.
Customers rent their own clean, dry storage unit, and lock it with their own lock.
Customers reorder faster and more often when promotional products are used instead of coupons.
Customers repeatedly come back to the bar for more than beers and college sports.
Customers report amazing changes in their health, both mentally and physically.
Customers report excellent business results.
Customers report excellent results.
Customers report faster response to orders, with less paper to handle.
Customers report good service from ASPs.
Customers report it's trouble-free and withstands hard use.
Customers report less stress, more positive energy and more relaxed alertness.
Customers report no discomfort when the system is adjusted properly.
Customers report offensive odors are greatly reduced.
Customers report problems or make requests for routine service via a form on the Web.
Customers report reduced insurance rates after application to their critical areas.
Customers report results.
Customers report that busy signals are virtually nonexistent.
Customers report that our sexual attractants work.
Customers report they love the ease and conveinence.
Customers represent an agent's livelihood.
Customers request and receive product demos, updates and information automatically.
Customers request prints from digital cameras on our ink jet plotter on photobase paper.
Customers requesting to renew permits are subject to space availability in designated lots.
Customers require a more complex, integrated set of tools.
Customers require additional services, so the next step was to offer system integration.
Customers require courtesy, tact, and effectiveness.
Customers require even less time if they are replacing a royalty-bearing spelling toolkit.
Customers require high quality products and services at competitive prices.
Customers require knowledge, professionalism and immediate attention.
Customers require near perfect information about products, ordering and attendant services.
Customers require only a standard Internet browser to access the system.
Customers require protection at specific traffic points.
Customers require suitable furniture, computer and visual display system.
Customers require very thorough testing and strict quality control procedures.
Customers requiring a copy of a check transaction can then print check images easily and at no cost.
Customers requiring written estimates, please complete our quotation form.
Customers resent ads on the Internet the way they resent advertising in movie theaters.
Customers resent having to train rookies.
Customers respect and buy from people who write articles.
Customers respect honesty.
Customers respond better to a voice that sounds like a regular person.
Customers respond favourably to well identified employees.
Customers respond in kind, and the balls fly as traffic thrums nearby.
Customers respond more positively to adverts if disabled people are featured.
Customers respond quickly to the most attentive seller.
Customers respond to a straightforward program description that includes a list of benefits.
Customers retain the same line, i.e. the same account, when they move.
Customers return items by filling out a paper form and returning the form with the item.
Customers return rentals by mail.
Customers return repeatedly and even tell their friends about the wine shop.
Customers return the completed survey in the postage-paid envelope provided.
Customers return to secure , friendly environments.
Customers returning products are responsible for all return freight charges.
Customers review coupons online.
Customers review designs.
Customers reward businesses when their expectations are pleasantly surpassed.
Customers rob for some ghost after seize Bodybuilding nutrition.
Customers routinely have questions concerning a product or shipment.
Customers routinely tap into our engineering assistance and energy-control technology as well.
Customers routinely tour the Charlotte County thrift shop circuit in search of bargains.
Customers run and view reports over the web using a browser from their workstation.
Customers satisfaction both in terms of product quality and prices are our motto .
Customers save all direct and indirect costs of purchasing and carrying inventory of finished parts.
Customers save both time and money.
Customers save money by having products shipped freight collect.
Customers save money by integrating voice, video and legacy data traffic across the enterprise.
Customers save money by purchasing quality used and new clothing and household items.
Customers save on energy costs.
Customers save on total cost of ownership while reducing up-front fees and expenses.
Customers save time by having a one-stop source for all secondary operations.
Customers say cable companies often ignore complaints, and by law they can.
Customers say it was at least five days before the e-mail system was back in operation.
Customers say it's the best and fastest service around.
Customers say it's too good to be true.
Customers say marketing campaign management was overdue.
Customers say our products are well thought out and do what they promised to do.
Customers say that for all the service's drawbacks, it offers one great advantage.
Customers say that the current level of service, particularly bathrooms and floors, is too low.
Customers say that they dived for cover and that the gunman fled after the weapon jammed.
Customers say the food's even better and the glow in the dining room is nice.
Customers say the friendly, laid-back atmosphere in the shop is part of the bank's appeal.
Customers say the process shaves months and millions of dollars off the procurement process.
Customers say the system gives warehouse workers the advantage of computer power wherever they go.
Customers say they consider the deal done because authorisation was asked for.
Customers say they feel they see themselves in the work.
Customers say they make best burgers in state.
Customers say, . . .
Customers scale up by adding to their specific architecture.
Customers seamlessly access the application over the Internet, as if over their own network.
Customers search for a product just once and add it to their list.
Customers search for florists by entering a delivery zip code.
Customers see a business as being there to provide for and service their needs.
Customers see an immediate improvement in the performance, reliability and quality of a web site.
Customers see considerable benefits from shifting cooling load with ice thermal storage.
Customers see each other, and they can talk to each other.
Customers see effects.
Customers see immediate results.
Customers see it as a wish book and order from it online.
Customers see no appreciable difference in operation between the FFVs and gasoline-powered vehicles.
Customers see only a reliable, available utility that dispenses storage upon demand.
Customers see only their own specific price displayed from the underlying database.
Customers see products accurately and choose right first time.
Customers see results.
Customers See table and under Current Versions above.
Customers see the code and know the transaction is genuine.
Customers see the food as a conversation piece.
Customers see the news and get scared.
Customers see the organization through the attitude and practices of the people they encounter.
Customers see the strategy as a move in the right direction.
Customers see the total cost of their purchase up front, including delivery, with just one invoice.
Customers see their money at work.
Customers See under individual headings in Current Versions.
Customers seek assurances of quality.
Customers seek grind break solutions.
Customers Seek input of our customers, listen closely to their ideas, and respond to their needs.
Customers seek product selection leadership from their lead vendors.
Customers seek solutions.
Customers seeking aid also can turn to Web resources other than manufacturers.
Customers seek-time, value, quality, and premium service.
Customers seem equally smitten with the frisky doll fixer.
Customers seem merely to be a byproduct.
Customers seem more than satisfied with the results and the bureau plans to continue the operation.
Customers seem pleased with the new technology.
Customers seem to agree.
Customers seem to be interested in buying several services in one package from one provider.
Customers seem to be partial to the veal dishes, too.
Customers seem to be quite impressed.
Customers seem to be relaxing their pack aging demands, however.
Customers seem to be sales person magnets.
Customers seem to have a lot of confidence in it.
Customers seem to have been less likely to steal in that era.
Customers seem to have noticed.
Customers seem to like the added value it brings to our service.
Customers seem to like the new service.
Customers seem to like the surprise.
Customers seem to prefer fixed bid.
Customers seem to want more Asian vegetables too.
Customers select a demo tape, put on a headset, and escape from the world.
Customers select alternatives.
Customers select from the menu of services listed below according to their individual situations.
Customers select goods.
Customers select offerings that suit their liking and that they perceive as good values.
Customers select the delivery date and time during the checkout process.
Customers select the items they want to order.
Customers select the services they desire by touching a designated block on the screen.
Customers select their meals from paper menus that change daily.
Customers select transports based on their network configuration and the channels they purchase.
Customers selling CDs can generally expect to be paid immediately.
Customers send a form with digital photos and receive a professional appraisal.
Customers send an e-mail because they wish to receive a quick response.
Customers send their payments directly to the bank, bypassing the company completely.
Customers serve themselves from kegs provided in the center of each table.
Customers share a common link.
Customers share a set of phone lines and dial-up when needed.
Customers share real-life experiences while gaining insight from industry keynote presenters.
Customers shift, and roll their eyes, all wanting to order their usual.
Customers shop for price in all service industries, including the insurance business.
Customers shop how ever they want to.
Customers shop on the Web for lots of reasons.
Customers shrug into their heavy parkas and repocket their radios.
Customers shy away from the dairy case when prices fluctuate.
Customers sign up for annual contracts and have complete telephone number portability.
Customers sign up for packages.
Customers signing up for the program have an opportunity to lower their power bill in two ways.
Customers simply call and save.
Customers simply check a biller's Web site when notified or at regular intervals.
Customers simply choose a minimum set of modules to benefit from the offer.
Customers simply click a button to add their purchase to the shopping cart.
Customers simply click on the link.
Customers simply fill in the blanks on each page to create a customized Web site.
Customers simply fill out a profile- and choose the quote that's best for their insurance needs.
Customers simply find an article they want to buy and put it into their virtual shopping basket.
Customers simply have more power.
Customers simply integrate a services platform into their existing site.
Customers simply plug in the courses they want to offer their employees, customers and partners.
Customers simply point and click their way to the best deal in town.
Customers simply say what they want, then take what they want.
Customers simply select one operating system, and the other one is automatically deleted.
Customers simply use a standard web browser to design and create IDs.
Customers sit amidst beautiful artwork while soaking up gravy and gospel music.
Customers sit around a table on which is place a hotpot.
Customers sit in booths to watch the on-stage show.
Customers sit in red, worn chairs around a few dozen unremarkable brown tables.
Customers sit on the table's perimeter, grabbing sushi dishes as the boats float by.
Customers smile at lower prices, but frown on raised prices.
Customers sometime stop by early to claim a cup because it runs out by lunchtime.
Customers soon know the difference.
Customers span the globe, including applications in both Australia and Zimbabwe.
Customers specify basic or advanced operating system support in their support services agreement.
Customers specify the online storage that best satisfies their business situation.
Customers spend five to seven minutes on the phone.
Customers spend several hours at a time doing the repetitive work of crab catching.
Customers spread the word to others and eventually the media jumped on board.
Customers stand in another line to pick up orders and move to a third line to pay the cashier.
Customers start beefing when the drive to the lot gets longer than five minutes.
Customers start to fill one of the three theaters.
Customers start to panic, and they get grouchy and nervous.
Customers start writing tests.
Customers stay forever.
Customers stay longer and buy more in a comfortable environment.
Customers staying south of there meet at our office.
Customers still can select their own energy supplier in a competitive market.
Customers still demand absolute reliability and dependability in a coin changer.
Customers still eat on school desks inside the restaurant or lean against their cars outside.
Customers still expect immediate answers and no excuses.
Customers still go in, pick their items, and then go check out.
Customers still have the freedom to use any doctor or specialist they want.
Customers still have the option to talk directly to a service agent at any time.
Customers still insist on buying what they want.
Customers still interact with a live teller, but do so under improved security.
Customers still pay the maintenance fee and have to pay an additional fee to get telephone support.
Customers still save on access costs, but in a different way.
Customers still vote with their dollars.
Customers Stranded While ISPs are working on alternate solutions, their customers remain stranded.
Customers stream into the store from the elegant shopping street.
Customers stroll in and out, without great frequency, but they all stop and chat.
Customers struggle to stay on the road as profits rocket into the stratosphere.
Customers submit an online work order and provide personal contact information.
Customers submit quote requests.
Customers submit tech support questions via e-mail.
Customers subscribe based on their budget, the frequency, and the type of web site.
Customers subscribe to book update lists.
Customers subscribe to one of two companies nationwide, and pay a monthly fee.
Customers suck Everyone at one point or another is forced to become a customer.
Customers suddenly feel empowered.
Customers supply their own converter that is compatible with their country's electrical system.
Customers supply their own finishes and time.
Customers supply their own leased lines, routers and out of band management devices.
Customers supply their own Web servers, browsers and wide-area networks.
Customers support services.
Customers swipe their gamecard to hear a message about prizes or product information.
Customers take a hands-on approach to purchasing home improvement merchandise.
Customers Take advantage of the strong American dollar.
Customers take charge, competition gets tougher, and change becomes a constant.
Customers take journeys.
Customers taking the course can get a break on their insurance premiums.
Customers talk to other potential customers.
Customers talk to their associates, friends, relatives, and neighbors.
Customers tell twice as many people about negative experiences than positive experiences.
Customers tend to attribute more value to smoked plexiglass over a basic lattice gazebo.
Customers tend to be hard on their batteries.
Customers tend to be looking to have choice over privacy and trust that works.
Customers tend to be looking to have choice over privacy and trustthat works.
Customers tend to be more loyal to feeds that are consistent in content.
Customers tend to buy from whichever vendor has the most compelling marketing message.
Customers tend to expect more immediacy and interactivity.
Customers tend to give more honest answers on a questionnaire than face to face.
Customers tend to just roam and people-watch.
Customers tend to look with disfavor upon retailers linked to sweatshop production.
Customers tend to place more trust and confidence in companies that have their own merchant account.
Customers tend to remember poor quality longer than the low price they paid.
Customers tend to respect merchandise that is in locked cases.
Customers tend to stay with a company they trust.
Customers tend to use the product daily as part of their key business applications.
Customers tend to want to deal with someone they know something about.
Customers then appreciate the convenience of simple and unrestricted services at competitive price.
Customers then are delighted and excited about the product or service they receive.
Customers then can choose from a catalog of over three million industrial parts.
Customers then can indicate the items they want, in addition to scanning bar codes.
Customers then choose which client to use according to their specific needs and experience.
Customers then distribute the products to the stores.
Customers then get access to the database to retrieve information relevant to their pubs or clubs.
Customers then get another one or two days of intensive certification and exam preparation training.
Customers then go to a checkout where they pay for their groceries and receive an itemised bill.
Customers then have quick and easy access via the Web to view and pay bills anytime, anywhere.
Customers then have the option of downloading each new release through the Internet.
Customers then insert the card into the games they wish to play.
Customers then pay the suppliers for any items or services they require.
Customers then receive a premium quote and can purchase coverage on line.
Customers then receive a printout of the sizes at each store that ought to fit the customer best.
Customers then receive a solution to their problem faster than through standard warranty service.
Customers then receive interest on the accounts.
Customers then use the software with nothing more than a secure Web browser and a password.
Customers then vote on how to distribute the donations among the finalists.
Customers therefore have a choice to implement the desired level of resilience based on cost.
Customers thus can get better and improved services via Djibouti.
Customers thus have a significant interest in the sale of the assets.
Customers thus maintain greater control over their asset data, processes and technology.
Customers tip because it's the right thing to do.
Customers to experience.
Customers to favorable experience.
Customers to take actions.
Customers travel from afar to attend kiln openings, usually held two or three times a year.
Customers travel through country as swift as the island tradewinds.
Customers treat staff at anniversary celebration tonight.
Customers treat the smaller portions, which are offered at about half price, like tapas or mezes.
Customers trickle in like the slow sands of an hourglass.
Customers trust brick and mortar stores because they know they probably won t disappear by tomorrow.
Customers trust our knowledgeable sales professionals to answer their questions.
Customers trust strong financial brands more than technology.
Customers try a few and then come back and buy entire trays.
Customers try it and love it.
Customers try to cheat retail facilities that advertise customer service.
Customers try to make it simple for storage area network vendors.
Customers tune it out and turn it off.
Customers turn to Cygnus to have the following benefits.
Customers turn to the Internet for interactivity, and the most profitable sites deliver.
Customers turn to the Web for convenience.
Customers typically can opt out by calling a special number or by sending in a form or letter.
Customers typically didn t notice the interruption.
Customers typically have a fractured view of an enterprise.
Customers typically have one network for voice and another network for data.
Customers typically organize their routed networks into separate VLANs.
Customers typically outsource just one application and integrate it with internal systems.
Customers typically pay on a monthly or per task basis.
Customers typically place a great importance in the windows installed in their home.
Customers typically place the boxes on top of their televisions, hence the name.
Customers typically print on their own remote printers for which there is no additional charge.
Customers typically provide employment letters required to obtain visas and work permits.
Customers typically remit lease payments over a three-year period.
Customers typically use quality cues in choosing between brands.
Customers typically use the device to store and buffer data in conjunction with CPLDs.
Customers ultimately prefer capable over sweet any day.
Customers ultimately see colorful, bright, shinning eyewear that command attention.
Customers understand a simple consistent message.
Customers understand if they purchase a hamburger with cheese, there's an extra charge.
Customers understand that a catalog can get out of date, but they expect a web site to be updated.
Customers understand the difference.
Customers understand their business and how their markets are changing, better than anyone else.
Customers understand what fiscal intermediary services are available.
Customers understand what growers can deliver.
Customers understand what's happening and in- stantly put up the barriers.
Customers undertake browsing and downloading of Internet files at their own risk.
Customers undertake downloading or opening of email attachments or enclosures at their own risk.
Customers unload their own materials.
Customers use a personal computer and a modem to browse through product offerings and place orders.
Customers use an electronic pen to answer multiple-choice questions on a digitizing screen.
Customers use bread as a deterrent or an appetizer.
Customers use certain criteria to judge the value of a product.
Customers use credit.
Customers use electricity.
Customers use encryption software as an effective way to protect their transactions.
Customers use much stronger language.
Customers use our crystals for equipment on land, at sea and in the air.
Customers use our products at their own risk.
Customers use our products to give their products a certain look or feel.
Customers use our services to host data.
Customers use our services when they require a totally dedicated communications facility.
Customers use our web site and paper catalog to make buying decisions.
Customers use price to weigh the value offered.
Customers use products at their own risk.
Customers use products.
Customers use services.
Customers use the catalog to order boating-related hardware, accessories, apparel, gifts, etc.
Customers use the DMM to calibrate their multifunction calibrators.
Customers use the information to make informed decisions on their energy consumption.
Customers use the internet for greater ease of use than going to shops or mail order.
Customers use the Internet, along with the other channels to access the bank at any time.
Customers use the ISDN D-channel for their permanent Internet connections.
Customers use the materials for building anything from birdhouses to steel frames.
Customers use the sites to compare carriers' policies and price quotes, and fill out applications.
Customers use the software to access their online banking and bill payment services.
Customers use the terminal to record, delete and total purchases.
Customers use the Web to enter information and call up their payment histories.
Customers use their condiment of choice .
Customers use their regular phones.
Customers use their standard touch-tone phone and are prompted through a brief ordering process.
Customers use trade dress to spot company goods on the shelf.
Customers using non-compliant software are at risk.
Customers using prepaid plans pay higher per-minute calling charges.
Customers using synchronous protocols can connect to the network only at Topeka.
Customers using the campus phone system have the ability to place conference calls.
Customers using the freezer receive a discounted price and pay no shipping charges.
Customers using the Internet are ready to interact right now.
Customers using the new process can suggest improvements and modifications.
Customers utilise outputs and, as a by-product, generate our target outcomes.
Customers utilizing other methods do so at their own risk.
Customers utilizing unmetered access accounts are flat-rate for normal and reasonable metered usage.
Customers value communication and respect.
Customers value flexibility in requirements introduction.
Customers value our ability to provide a fast turn-round.
Customers value our deep expertise in using XML to multi-purpose content.
Customers value personalized service.
Customers value the flexibility of a programmable motion control system.
Customers value their time and appreciate finding what they want quickly and effortlessly.
Customers vary from eighth-graders with moms in tow to senior gentlemen.
Customers vary from night to night.
Customers vary widely from non-profit organizations to government offices to small business.
Customers view bugs as a reliability issue.
Customers view either a complete summary report or an executive summary report.
Customers view grocery aisles in their own virtual store.
Customers view that as a performance issue and call into the national help desk.
Customers view the book on their monitor or print it out on their personal printers.
Customers view the monitoring system by accessing a password-protected Web site.
Customers visit and browse web sites and web malls for products and services.
Customers visiting the site can find pictures and detailed descriptions for items.
Customers visualize chip curl, heat transfer, temperatures, cutting forces , and stress levels.
Customers vote with their feet and the options are plentiful in today s market.
Customers wait for a specified amount of time for a response by e-mail from prospective sellers.
Customers wait in a single line.
Customers wait in line for soups produced in small batches.
Customers wait in long lines for soup, sometimes for hours.
Customers wait in one line and enter the next available bay to get their car washed.
Customers wait less and get better service.
Customers wait weeks for service, and there are many times their telephone service is inoperable.
Customers wake Clothes about any accident off a grave.
Customers walk in ready to buy .
Customers walk in with orders and out with finished products in an hour.
Customers walk into a relaxing and comfortable book store.
Customers walk into an old lab and think old science and technology.
Customers want conveniences.
Customers want ease.
Customers want experience.
Customers want services.
Customers want shop experience.
Customers want unique experience.
Customers want unique shop experience.
Customers watch pornographic movies while they eat.
Customers welcome to picnic by the lake.
Customers will have different values.
Customers will have opportunity.
Customers will have options.
Customers will have values.
Customers win again because they can get different levels of reliability.
Customers win again because they can get different levels of service.
Customers win because more IT expertise is available for strategic, value-added activities.
Customers win tickets when symbols are randomly matched.
Customers wishing to even look around the store have to apply for membership.
Customers wishing to obtain casino credit accounts fill out applications.
Customers withdraw money from their banks, spending it at stores and other area businesses.
Customers work directly with their artist of choice for all custom orders.
Customers work on days they feel able to work and are paid at the end of the week.
Customers work with advocates to identify their own goals.
Customers work with local representatives who can serve all of their needs.
Customers work with managers.
Customers work with online agents to determine and setup their office networks.
Customers worldwide can buy microscopy accessories from the on-line catalog.
Customers worldwide can draw on our global expertise, industry networks and databases.
Customers worldwide can now enjoy a safer shopping experience on properly enabled sites.
Customers worldwide praise our support staff s professionalism, patience, and expertise.
Customers wound up loving the covers, and a brand was born.
Customers write functional tests for the stories in an iteration.
Customers write tests demonstrating that features are finished.
Customers write the second tests.
Customers write themselves a loan simply by writing a check.
Customers always appreciate getting something extra.
Customers always come first.
Customers Always Come First.
Customers always comment on the cleanliness of our waiting rooms, shop area, and bathroom.
Customers always expect more from the organizations that handle their money.
Customers always get a warm and friendly welcome.
Customers always go for greater comfort and convenience in riding.
Customers always have to book directly.
Customers always know the outcomes they want.
Customers always opt for the better choice.
Customers always welcome news of new products.
Customers Always Write . . .
Customer frequently deposits large sums of cash wrapped in currency straps stamped by other banks.
Customers frequently create a great deal of pressure.
Customers frequently gather at the store's wine bar for wine-talk.
Customers frequently report that it s the best investment they ve ever made in a maintenance tool.
Customers frequently require multiple configurations and builds for each purchase.
Customers often access sites by typing in the name of the site.
Customers often appreciate the personalization on a Web site, or in a store.
Customers often are the ones to decide if a tarp covers the load.
Customers often ask for pears that are yellow and ready to eat.
Customers often ask for product literature to be mailed or faxed.
Customers often ask for special treatment, just as they do in most shops.
Customers often ask how they can deal with the risk of theft.
Customers often ask suppliers that question.
Customers often ask the most fundamental question concerning the price of a given project.
Customers often ask what our return policy is.
Customers often ask what the return policy is.
Customers often associate a store's lighting with the quality and cleanliness of the store.
Customers often base opinions of a company through the interaction with the drivers themselves.
Customers often become frustrated and frequently move their accounts to other institutions.
Customers often begin their stay in business suits, but quickly adapt to casual attire.
Customers often call weeks in advance to request flower orders for parties and special occasions.
Customers often cite the report writer as a reason to buy our product.
Customers often comment that our rice is the cleanest and best tasting rice they have ever eaten.
Customers often comment that the prices are low compared to other handmade arts and craft products.
Customers often complain about errors in their accounts.
Customers often consider environmental, employment and community issues in purchase decisions.
Customers often desire follow-up support for their purchases.
Customers often end up dissatisfied.
Customers often endure busy signals and hours-long waits on the phone.
Customers often express surprise and joy when seeing the objects face to face.
Customers often feel more comfortable if the information appears in a professional format.
Customers often give up when connections are slow or shopping-cart features are difficult to use.
Customers often go to the chain stores and select peaches based solely on appearance.
Customers often have greater loyalty to salespeople than to the firms employing the salespeople.
Customers often have questions about the service that is in progress or set to start.
Customers often hire TV studio facilities and purchase PPGD services separately.
Customers often impose their process requirements upon development.
Customers often look to their consultants for product recommendation.
Customers often make buying decisions on impulse.
Customers often pause in their shopping to add a piece or two.
Customers often pay too much attention to the purchase price of a software product.
Customers often perceive they are getting the item for less.
Customers often play pool or darts as classic rock blares from the jukebox.
Customers often prefer the payment be related to the benefit of the asset.
Customers often prefer to obtain information or buy directly.
Customers often purchase complete panels to use in their own value-added assembly operations.
Customers often request a specific antifreeze for their trucks.
Customers often request burglar bars, handrails, banisters and fencing that mimic door design.
Customers often request small memory sizes along with small packages to reduce cost.
Customers often request the recipe.
Customers often require special needs.
Customers often respond.
Customers often say that our latest and greatest feature is barely worth a yawn.
Customers often select lumber based on visual characteristics.
Customers often shop around to get a particular brand-name product.
Customers often swallow load management events like bad-tasting medicine.
Customers often take the hardest hit.
Customers often trade themselves up to better, higher margin items.
Customers often try to insist on exact sheet sizes or reel widths.
Customers often use our own production lines to assemble PCBs.
Customers often view no response as worse than the original slight.
Customers sometimes choose different surveys for different departments within their organization.
Customers sometimes come into the boutique with outlandish ideas.
Customers sometimes find comparing deals from different suppliers difficult.
Customers sometimes find it helpful to have lower payment amounts and pay more frequently.
Customers sometimes like to choose different payment forms for different orders.
Customers sometimes use some other brand, or use the incorrect mixture.
Customers usually are the best inventors a company can get.
Customers usually arrive, undergo an examination, and leave within an hour.
Customers usually bring small, portable equipment to repair shops for servicing.
Customers usually call for service or they come into the store or office.
Customers usually collect everything they want into a pile, then barter for the lot.
Customers usually exceed our claims.
Customers usually gather under it and admire the splendid display.
Customers usually live near the farm, in a growing section of Fayetteville.
Customers usually make an emotional decision to buy.
Customers usually make payment to a central office.
Customers usually order two or three items to share with one another.
Customers usually pay a specified monthly rental fee for such equipment.
Customers usually prefer a longer season of fresh-harvested crops.
Customers usually purchase freshly baked bread for immediate consumption.
Customers usually receive both products at a discount as part of a software bundle.
Customers usually receive confirmations within two weeks.
Customers usually receive their orders in a week or even quicker.
Customers usually request extra bread to sop up the sauce after the shrimp run out.
Customers usually specify the An tares family of controllers.
Customers usually start by making decisions on applications.
Customers usually use whatever system is most economical and practical in their area.
All customers accept who place an order are automatically added to the lists.
All customers agree it is quite unique in both looks and functionality.
All customers agree that the services offered are customized for each order.
All customers agree to install and migrate to the phase two release.
All customers also have access to an online support directory.
All customers are eligible to arrange a payment schedule.
All customers are eligible to participate in the transportation program.
All customers are eligible.
All customers are free to choose their suppliers and large amounts of customer migration can occur.
All customers are immediately eligible for updates.
All customers are independent entities.
All customers are now eligible for FREE web hosting space.
All customers are on one great value tariff - the more it is used each day the cheaper it becomes.
All customers are responsible for all fees and charges for past due accounts.
All customers are responsible for backing up their own data.
All Customers are responsible for knowing their local calling area for their exchanges.
All customers are responsible for networking additional PCs.
All customers are responsible for paying import tax if applicable.
All customers are responsible for shipping costs.
All customers are responsible for shipping, handling and packaging costs.
All customers are responsible for their own actions.
All customers are responsible for their own security.
All customers are small businesses.
All customers are subject to credit approval.
All customers are subject to the following terms and conditions.
All customers are welcome to come to the labs.
All customers are welcome to participate, freely exchanging ideas, tips, and opinions.
All customers benefit from a competitive and comprehensive service.
All customers benefit from our approach and sharing experiences.
All customers can access our internet based on-line information service.
All customers can benefit from the installation of surge suppression at the main electrical service.
All customers can choose to cancel their orders, if they wish.
All customers can feed in their machine serial number to know the warranty status of their product.
All customers can now request a password reminder.
All customers can roam at no additional charge in their home network.
All customers can speak directly to our editors to resolve any queries.
All customers can utilize our international booking capability and rebate incentives.
All customers demand reliable, high quality products.
All customers drive or are driven to our stores in an automobile.
All customers enjoy an air of absolute discretion.
All customers expect and want equal treatment and respect regardless of their sex.
All customers expect to be billed properly.
All customers get a '.co.uk' domain free for two years.
All customers get a detailed explanation on current and future care.
All customers get a reminder on the due date.
All customers go through a series of steps when they decide to buy a hospitality or travel service.
All customers have access to a directory in which approved scripts are installed.
All customers have access to the courses online, and there are two ways of using the CBTs.
All customers have access to the courses online.
All customers have access to the same products.
All customers have ideas.
All customers have obligation to pay for shipment charge for any reason.
All customers have the choice to approve the banner before the sale is completed.
All customers have the flexibility to design their own pages or contract our Web design service.
All customers have the option to change their system of payment.
All customers have their electricity measured by a meter at their home or business.
All customers have their electricity measured by a meter.
All customers have their own smart card and personal identification number.
All customers have to do is fill out a short questionnaire.
All customers have to do is sign an electronic charge slip on the gadget using a special stylus.
All customers know exactly what they want and the range of options.
All customers live, work, shop and play somewhere.
All customers living in areas with the same zip code have the same sociodemographic attributes.
All customers love our pizza, because of is freshness and unique ingredients.
All customers now receive a small gift.
All customers participate in our unique rewards program.
All customers pay the same rates for water and sewer rates based on a user class.
All customers pay their share of demand charges as part of their electric bills.
All customers play a part in reducing demand for energy.
All customers prefer to do business where they are treated in a friendly manner.
All customers qualify to win prizes and programs.
All customers quotes and pricing in our on-line catalog is priced without shipping.
All customers receive a FREE telephone consult.
All customers receive a post-holiday questionnaire.
All customers receive a toll free number to contact our Experienced and Helpful staff.
All customers receive a username and password to use the technical support pages.
All customers receive an e-mail confirming their order.
All customers receive better service.
All customers receive copies of all postal forms.
All customers receive daily statements when activity occurs.
All customers receive feedlot performance and carcass data.
All customers receive five megabytes of non-commercial web space.
All customers receive free support for a full year after initial site installation.
All customers receive new features and modules as they are released.
All customers receive next year's printed catalog.
All customers receive postage paid customer reorder cards with each shipment.
All customers receive priority technical support.
All customers receive prompt, friendly service.
All customers receive statements on their accounts when activity occurs.
All customers receive technical support at no charge.
All customers receive the same level of support.
All customers start date are the first of the month.
All customers talk.
All customers wait in a single queue and use the first available server.
All customers wait patiently until they get to the front of the line.
Any customer can become a reseller at any time for no additional fee.
Any customer can call any other customer.
Any customer can choose to upgrade to the latest release at any time.
Any customer can get a free month of dialup service credit for referring new signups.
Any customer can purchase a sanitized record.
Any customer can register to use the site, after obtaining a user identification and password.
Any customer can use a search agent.
Any customer has the right to dispute a credit card charge from the card's issuing bank.
Any customer is a potential partner.
Any customer is welcome to fill out a credit application, at no charge.
Every customer becomes an important customer.
Every customer can be certain that each peace is unique.
Every customer creates a certain amount of traffic.
Every customer deserves pleasant, informative service, every time they visit our stores.
Every customer gets our premium customer service and support.
Every customer gets the same e-mail.
Every customer has a contact, and the largest companies have dedicated account teams.
Every customer has a different tale to tell of shoddy treatment or incredible efficiency.
Every customer has a family and is a family member.
Every customer has a preference as to where they want to see the lock.
Every customer has access to faster, more secure benefits of fiber-optic communications.
Every customer has another choice.
Every customer has different needs.
Every customer has different requirements.
Every customer has high-risk patients.
Every customer has master data associated with it.
Every customer has special 'in house' criteria to meet when it comes to the cutting process.
Every customer has the opportunity to share in revenues through word of mouth referrals.
Every customer has their own set of individual issues.
Every customer has their own unique printing needs.
Every customer has two pair.
Every customer has unique goals, business practices and needs.
Every customer has unique needs and characteristics.
Every customer is a BBQ judge.
Every customer is a market segment.
Every customer is a 'preferred' customer.
Every customer is a producer.
Every customer is a reference.
Every customer is a valued business partner.
Every customer is a valued friend.
Every customer is an important key to our success and is treated that way.
Every customer is an individual and every question is individual.
Every customer is an investment.
Every customer is an owner and has a say in how the utility is run.
Every customer is as important as the other and each is treated equally.
Every customer is assigned a customer service representative to manage their account.
Every customer is concerned with the accurate tracking of their assets.
Every customer is different and has different needs.
Every customer is different.
Every customer is entitled to courteous treatment.
Every customer is essential to the prosperity of the restaurant regardless of their race.
Every customer is furnished with a detailed list of labor charges and parts used.
Every customer is given a pre-stamped rating card and asked to rate our company.
Every customer is given an education about the item they are purchasing.
Every customer is greeted with a smile and friendly, personalized service.
Every customer is greeted.
Every customer is guaranteed a uniquely crafted home and total satisfaction.
Every customer is important and each gets the same high level of service and support.
Every customer is important and needs to feel special.
Every customer is important and our goal is to establish long term relationships.
Every customer is important to our growing network, which is built largely on customer referrals.
Every customer is important to.
Every customer is important.
Every customer is just a bit unique in their requirements and talent.
Every customer is notified of new enhancements approximately two weeks in advance.
Every customer is offered individualized attention.
Every customer is our most important customer.
Every customer is provided the same quality service according to their individual needs.
Every customer is provided with the highest level of service possible.
Every customer is reference-able and the company has three offers to buy.
Every customer is reviewed individually.
Every customer is special.
Every customer is treated fairly, so standardized procedures are entrenched.
Every customer is treated in the most professional manner.
Every customer is treated on an individual basis according to their needs and credit qualifications.
Every customer is unique and so are our solutions.
Every customer is unique, as are the requirements for each job.
Every customer is unique, with goals and needs that continue to grow and expand.
Every customer is unique.
Every customer is viewed as a guest of the college.
Every customer is viewed as an individual.
Every customer is well aware of the product.
Every customer likes to know they are getting their money's worth.
Every customer needs graphics scaled to the right sizes, from tiny icons to large banners.
Every customer needs to be careful to read it properly.
Every customer needs to have a security implementation.
Every customer needs to have their own SSL certificate.
Every customer only shows one unit.
Every customer presents different challenges and different opportunities for optimizing solutions.
Every customer receives a comprehensive orientation tour of their motorhome.
Every customer receives a level of attention unequaled in the industry.
Every customer receives a questionnaire asking for their views on the product.
Every customer receives all system features.
Every customer receives our personal attention.
Every customer receives personal attention.
Every customer receives the highest quality of service possible.
Every customer receives undivided attention.
Every customer wants a total solution to fit their business.
Every customer wants fast results, easy procedures and personal attention.
Every customer wants to feel like they can talk to the person in charge.
Every customer wants track and trace facilities.
Many customers acquire new forklifts by leasing.
Many customers admit their loyalty is based on resenting the intrusion of the giant.
Many customers advertise business opportunities and mlm programs.
Many customers agree that something has to change.
Many customers agree.
Many customers already have services in place they want to use.
Many customers already insist that their property is displayed online.
Many customers also football fan wat.
Many customers also report a substantial cost savings.
Many customers appreciate being asked for their opinion.
Many customers appreciate that our choices coincide with their tastes.
Many customers are concerned about privacy on the Internet.
Many customers are concerned about the environmental impacts of producing electricity.
Many customers are concerned with credit card fraud on the internet.
Many customers are concerned with fashion and the right place to stay.
Many customers are confused about our pricing policies when they first visit our site.
Many customers are from Louisville and Evansville.
Many customers are from Mexico.
Many customers are glad to return or donate their paper and plastic grocery bags.
Many customers are interested in products that can withstand abusive treatment.
Many customers are migrating applications to web servers that use a web browser on the desktop.
Many customers are multichannel customers.
Many customers are productive the same day they install the software.
Many customers are reassured, others are hesitant and question why the survey needs to be completed.
Many customers are Spanish speaking and the modern American work force is multi-lingual.
Many customers are still wary of doing orders completely electronically.
Many customers are surprised to learn they actually become part owners of the cooperative.
Many customers are tired of the homogeneity and impersonality of shopping malls and chain stores.
Many customers are too afraid to show their ignorance.
Many customers are uninterested in problem-solving tools other than the phone.
Many customers are unsatisfied, because they expect one thing and receive another.
Many customers are wary of providing credit card details.
Many customers are willing to pay a little more for a better level of service.
Many customers arrive early just to join in.
Many customers ask why their utility bill is different from their neighbor's.
Many customers assume that their material is junk and thus worthless.
Many customers back off initial tight integration in order to get sites up and running.
Many customers become multi-branch shoppers as their trucks travel across the country.
Many customers become repeat customers because of our quality products and excellent service.
Many customers believe that by signing a form they are just accepting delivery.
Many customers believe that have found a bargain only to find that the monitor wasn t included.
Many customers buy bracelets as gifts for teachers, relatives and friends.
Many customers buy multiple units to place throughout the home as added protection.
Many customers buy packages because they expect consistency in quality.
Many customers buy precious metals only as gifts, thus creating seasonal sales.
Many customers buy several products at the same time.
Many customers call to say thanks to the men and women who worked to get the power back on.
Many customers call with multiple questions or problems.
Many customers can board buses at the same location where they are dropped off.
Many customers can park their cars and walk the streets to find their favorite products.
Many customers can relate better to a gallon of water than they can to a thousand gallons.
Many customers can take advantage of no-fee service packages for seniors or youth.
Many customers change the element every second oil change.
Many customers choose to tailor the system to suit their own needs using in-house staff.
Many customers collect our mugs and look forward to new designs at least once a year.
Many customers combine orders with family and friends to share shipping costs.
Many customers come back to a store because it's kept clean and sanitary.
Many customers come back.
Many customers come to sites to buy, but have difficulty navigating and actually placing an order.
Many customers comment on how they've seen similar or the same items elsewhere for more.
Many customers comment on our low prices.
Many customers compare prices, products and services online before making a decision to purchase.
Many customers confuse unlimited and dedicated service.
Many customers consider it an affordable alternative to sod installation.
Many customers decide at the spur of the moment to make a purchase.
Many customers depend on our consultants on an on-going basis.
Many customers desire to create once and distribute through many media.
Many customers dive straight for the search engine rather than browse.
Many customers do multiple trips each season.
Many customers do well on their keywords by just implementing a portion of the items.
Many customers drop by just to see their canine friends here at the dealership.
Many customers eat half and have the rest packed up to make a second meal next day.
Many Customers engage outsourcers to tap into resources and ideas that don t currently exist.
Many customers enjoy the associated food, entertainment, and conference facilities.
Many customers enjoy the savings and quick recovery time of propane fired hot water heaters.
Many customers enjoy the somewhat irreverent style of our catalogs and periodic mailings.
Many customers enlist the company's services after an attack has threatened their systems.
Many customers exaggerate their total playing time.
Many customers feel intimidated by large banks and fewer banking options.
Many customers feel tossed from voice mailboxes to infinity.
Many customers find a special joy in giving gifts from their own childhood.
Many customers find comparing different varieties a very helpful sales tool.
Many customers find it convenient to mail a check for their next service period.
Many customers find it difficult to keep up with the ever changing software market.
Many customers find it wonderful for all over body use.
Many customers find the answers to their questions in our FAQs.
Many customers forget to indicate which draw they want to enter on the slip.
Many customers go from being total strangers to quickly becoming wonderful friends.
Many customers go to the mall partly to be entertained.
Many customers have a FreeBSD router.
Many customers have a hard time coming up with a really good domain name.
Many customers have needs that do easily fit into a broad category.
Many customers have no idea there is as associate involved at all.
Many customers have questions regarding herbal medicine and other food supplements.
Many customers have questions regarding how their water and sewer bill is calculated.
Many customers have repeat loads, going from and to the same points, for the same pay.
Many customers have reservations about taking out a life insurance policy.
Many customers have technical needs that aren t easily confined to specific projects.
Many customers have their utility bill directly withdrawn from their bank account.
Many customers have trouble expressing themselves well.
Many customers keep flashlights ready so they can check their traps at night.
Many customers like to choose their faucets to match doorknobs cabinet pulls, etc.
Many customers like to keep a close check on their gas usage.
Many customers like to know about the the person behind the name and artwork they buy.
Many customers like to print their jobs with colors other than black.
Many customers look for lecithin as an emulsifier in real chocolate, caramel and taffy.
Many customers lose interest after their holiday parties.
Many customers lose modems to storms every year.
Many customers love it, and some insist on it.
Many customers love to drop by and browse through our large selection of wines and spirits.
Many customers lump their perceptions of telecommunications into one category.
Many customers make their toys by looking only at the pictures in the kit.
Many customers now find that they have to be more than just assertive to get a problem corrected.
Many customers now prefer e-mail to regular mail.
Many customers now prefer it because of email's speed and convenience.
Many customers opt to switch to electronic records.
MANY customers order for just that purpose, or to find ONE special girl they have yet to meet.
Many customers participate by mailing in their favorite recipes.
Many customers pay more for tools and utilities than for the base products.
Many customers plan their vacations to include a stop at the store.
Many customers prefer having all of their telecommunications services on one bill.
Many customers prefer the break joint to be riveted.
Many customers prefer the simplicity.
Many customers prefer to begin and end their interactions independently via the Web.
Many customers prefer to drop their payments off in person.
Many customers prefer to specify their requirements by calling out a wood pole class equivalent.
Many customers prefer to use non-refundable tickets.
Many customers prefer to use their existing interfaces.
Many customers proceed to change their home page to a search engine or media brand they trust.
Many customers provide e a picture of their prized cue to aid in the design of a matching cue case.
Many customers react like spoiled children.
Many customers register all three.
Many customers register their family names, childrens names, business name, etc.
Many customers rely on autohold without even realizing it.
Many customers report improved mileage.
Many customers report problems when they first turn on their computers or external modems.
Many customers report success playing archive CDs on Macs.
Many customers report that their overall costs are lower.
Many customers report two to three times the string life of any other bowstring.
Many customers request a personalized amulet.
Many customers request discreet shipping.
Many customers request separate billing for tax purposes.
Many customers request training classes during the start-up period.
Many customers require heating, cooling, air filtration, etc.
Many customers require periodic leak testing of their vacuum, space or environmental chamber.
Many customers resent having to remember and juggle multiple user IDs and passwords.
Many customers respond to environmental concerns.
Many customers return time and time again, always finding new delights.
Many customers return year after year.
Many customers see the benefit of obtaining the best possible information before making repairs.
Many customers share common questions.
Many customers sign an arbitration agreement when they open an account.
Many customers simply find the compact, one-piece design the most attractive feature.
Many customers spend hours browsing.
Many customers start at one level and later switch to another.
Many customers start off with one or two charts per day and work their way up at their own rate.
Many customers start with a small purchase, and then repeat with a larger purchase later on.
Many customers still prefer print.
Many customers still prefer to mail or fax their order, especially overseas customers.
Many customers stop by to buy coffee after they finished shopping.
Many customers swear by appliance servers.
Many customers take advantage of one of our monthly investment programs.
Many customers take advantage of our complete project management expertise.
Many customers take the easy route, ordering one of the large samplers.
Many customers take their steaks to go.
Many customers think of getting a rebate check as a very slow-moving chore.
Many customers trade in their old bikes when they're ready to upgrade.
Many customers try on suits.
Many customers use a third party to efficiently handle their freight bill payments.
Many customers use automatic payments to make loan payments, pay health club dues, etc.
Many customers use it.
Many customers use our CIO option as their only Internet presence.
Many customers use our quick online application.
Many customers use the Internet for comparison shopping.
Many customers use the services of alternative toll carriers.
Many customers use the web site for reference and then order by telephpne or mail.
Many customers use the Web the way they used to use a phone book.
Many customers utilize multiple transaction methods.
Many customers wash it down with a cup of green tea.
Many customers welcome the idea of having one contact to handle all their chemical needs.
Many customers welcome the possibility of buying from a broader range of suppliers.
Many customers wonder whether rats can still transmit dreaded diseases such as bubonic plague.
Many customers work on location shooting commercials and feature films in remote locations.
More customers are willing to go online to make reservations and buy tickets.
More customers bring higher profits.
More customers buy more products, the cycle repeats itself, and a thriving industry develops.
More customers come to Cummins to do infrequent technical work on high-technology systems.
More customers equals more developers.
More customers equals more income.
More customers means more business.
More customers reap the benefits as well.
More Customers Take advantage of viral marketing.
Most customers accept final solutions.
Most customers accept solutions.
Most customers account for sales.
Most customers achieve business success.
Most customers achieve success.
Most customers agree.
Most customers also have to consider price in their decision making process.
Most customers appreciate attention.
Most customers appreciate care.
Most customers appreciate quality.
Most customers appreciate such candor.
Most customers are couples of all ages but many families use our services as well.
Most customers are dumb and they act like they can t hear.
Most customers are eligible to sign up.
Most customers are far more agreeable.
Most customers are from Japan, Singapore and Germany.
Most customers are from the neighborhood or people who come on their lunch hours.
Most customers are happy just tagging our home page site and checking it out from time to time.
Most customers are in Europe.
Most customers are interested in only one element.
Most customers are Japanese, naturally.
Most customers are likely to move some of their buying on-line.
Most customers are long term.
Most customers are longtime and local within a three state area.
Most customers are male, but females tend to like the smaller boxes.
Most customers are now very old, and being a customer is also a skill.
Most customers are people first, who are aware of the realities and limitations of doing business.
Most customers are pleased to know that their staffing firm puts tangible value on families.
Most customers are printers and doctor and dentist offices.
Most customers are quite skeptical.
Most customers are satisfied by the quality and price of the training given.
Most customers are sources of value, in forms other than hard cash.
Most customers are surprised at how faithfully their postcards match their online image.
Most customers are surprised to learn how infrequently security breaches occur.
Most customers are sympathetic with disabled people.
Most customers are taxi drivers, street vendors and car guards.
Most customers are up in running in two to three months, even if there's a nasty conversion of data.
Most customers are up within a few short hours registering names in a private-label fashion.
Most customers are well down the road on dealing with mission-critical applications.
Most customers are willing to pay more for a kiln dried product.
Most customers are willing to watch a three-minute tape, and they start asking questions.
Most customers are women, who also buy for their husbands, who are working.
Most customers are young people and families.
Most customers ask for bags.
Most customers ask for carrier bags.
Most customers ask for options.
Most customers ask for plastic bags.
Most customers ask for plastic carrier bags.
Most customers ask for vegetarian options.
Most customers avoid the parking in the capital city by taking the boat.
Most customers believe complaining produces little or no positive results.
Most customers buy it after tasting it at the shop.
Most customers buy jerseys to fit loose.
Most customers buy one or two crepes.
Most customers buy products.
Most customers can find their fit within the above basic line of products.
Most customers can now receive several literature search services free of charge each year.
Most customers can STOP HERE .
Most customers change over time.
Most customers choose colours to suit bedrooms, such as pinks or yellows.
Most customers choose compact disc as their soundtrack format.
Most customers choose to do a custom design without costing more than our standard plans.
Most customers choose to have a flat bottom pool.
Most customers choose to have designs embroidered on the front or back of the beanie animal.
Most customers choose to install themselves.
Most customers come by car, of course, but others arrive by mountain bike, by foot or by hotel van.
Most customers come from outside the town.
Most customers come into the dealership with a little bit of pessimism and are hesitant.
Most customers complain of rashes and worms, diarrhea, and coughs.
Most customers consider frequent replacements.
Most customers consider replacements.
Most customers consume power.
Most customers crave personal attention.
Most customers define homogenous markets.
Most customers define markets.
Most customers demand stellar performance history and reputable client base from their vendors.
Most customers demand technology.
Most customers discuss backgrounds.
Most customers do have PCs.
Most customers eat contain peanuts.
Most customers eat peanuts.
Most customers enjoy high quality.
Most customers enjoy quality products that are heavily advertised.
Most customers enjoy quality.
Most customers enjoy salad.
Most customers estimate products.
Most customers expect and have equity to apply to their new purchase.
Most customers expect, and many demand, such progress.
Most customers experience benefits.
Most customers experience frustration as inconsistencies between channels are exposed.
Most customers express interest.
Most customers feel it is superior to the old sawblade knives.
Most customers feel that the resultant savings make the cumbersome process worthwhile.
Most customers fill their pools from their existing water meter.
Most customers find contractors.
Most customers find homes.
Most customers find the sites they want by clicking on search engines or web directories.
Most customers find the year-end reports very helpful for tax purposes.
Most customers find web site by using search engines.
Most customers finish meals.
Most customers fix problems by asking the vendor.
Most customers focus on procedures.
Most customers form communities.
Most customers get products.
Most customers give feedback.
Most customers give valuable feedback.
Most customers have appliances.
Most customers have attention.
Most customers have choices.
Most customers have consumption.
Most customers have hands.
Most customers have home appliances.
Most customers have opportunity.
Most customers have preference.
Most customers have products.
Most customers have questions, but there is no one to answer the question.
Most customers have requirements.
Most customers have specific requirements.
Most customers have substantial investments in existing furniture.
Most customers have the right money.
Most customers help markets.
Most customers help mouth markets.
Most customers here are Thai people, Asian tourists and the occasional farang couple.
Most customers hesitate to send a meal back.
Most customers implement their applications in phases.
Most customers install their green on a weekend.
Most customers just use their living or bedroom wall.
Most customers just use their living room or bedroom wall.
Most customers just use their real name.
Most customers keep fish.
Most customers know it well.
Most customers know what they can afford before they visit the site.
Most customers lead to improvement.
Most customers learn about the store from expos and gun shows and through word of mouth.
Most Customers learn the product in one day.
Most customers leave because they don t get proper attention.
Most customers leave companies because of lack of concern.
Most customers like to frame their poems.
Most customers like to receive voice confirmation when planning trips to unfamiliar destinations.
Most customers line the floor only with split fire bricks for an authentic Argentine look.
Most customers look for choices.
Most customers lose electricity.
Most customers lose power.
Most customers make decisions.
Most customers make inform decisions.
Most customers make more inform decisions.
Most customers obtain services.
Most customers only complain to the management when things are really bad.
Most customers order and never have a problem getting the correct size the first time.
Most customers order in an assorted selection.
Most customers order one size smaller than their normal size.
Most customers own their own equipment, which is located in Exodus facilities.
Most customers pay local or long distance toll charges, in addition to their subscription fee.
Most customers perceive telecommunications providers to be the same when it comes to technology.
Most customers prefer a service technician who A. maintains personal hygiene.
Most customers prefer a wand with a red lighted tip.
Most customers prefer bus shipments as they are quicker and shipping charges are fairly low.
Most customers prefer our fixed-fee option.
Most customers prefer suppliers.
Most customers prefer their order arrive after or near last frost date.
Most customers prefer to make such adjustments using the control buttons on dot matrix printers.
Most customers prefer to move the tracts with the mouse.
Most customers prefer to rent a car so they can do some sight-seeing during their stay.
Most customers prefer to save their sets untill they have accumulated three or four sets.
Most customers press buttons.
Most customers print out their e-books.
Most customers provide complementary services.
Most customers provide services.
Most customers purchase additional items while in the store.
Most customers purchase goods.
Most customers push carts.
Most customers push shop carts.
Most customers put reliability first, speed second.
Most customers range in ages.
Most customers realize a substantial reduction in their interest rate and minimum monthly payment.
Most customers realize savings up to half off what they are now paying.
Most customers realize that our low cost items admit no refunds or warranties.
Most customers receive letters.
Most customers receive offers.
Most customers receive output.
Most customers receive prompt services.
Most customers receive services.
Most customers receive statements.
Most customers receive their bill once every two months.
Most customers receive their orders within a week .
Most customers receive their orders within two weeks.
Most customers recognize that occasional problems are unavoidable and even inevitable.
Most customers report excellent business results.
Most customers report excellent results.
Most customers report results.
Most customers require products to meet certain performance specifications.
Most customers require the eLearning solution to work with existing applications and systems.
Most customers review designs.
Most customers schedule a pie to pick up later.
Most customers see effects.
Most customers see immediate results.
Most customers see results.
Most customers seek grind break solutions.
Most customers seek solutions.
Most customers seem to have two colors in mind before they walk through the doors.
Most customers seem to ignore the Chinese menu.
Most customers select alternatives.
Most customers select goods.
Most customers send in underwear, sheets, pillow cases, and cushion covers.
Most customers speak highly of our product.
Most customers support services.
Most customers switch fuels when their existing tank fails.
Most customers take journeys.
Most customers tell other people anyway.
Most customers tell Ricotta that they want a security system for one main reason.
Most customers then choose to polish the stainless tubing by hand to a satin chrome finish.
Most customers think it's necessary to have all their details in order before calling.
Most customers think most painters paint the same way.
Most customers think that custodial service levels are inadequate.
Most customers use credit.
Most customers use electricity.
Most customers use our products to earn good money in very fun and unique ways.
Most customers use products.
Most customers use services.
Most customers use static partitions with multiple operating system images.
Most customers use their electricity to start their heaters and oil and gas to provide heat.
Most customers visit for the well proportioned servings.
Most customers welcome a good suggestion.
Most customers work with managers.
Most customers wouldn t want to buy an imitation gem.
Some customer benefit from using multiple services.
Some customer changing of operating voltage is possible.
Some customers achieve peace.
Some customers actually leave the store with a warm bag of coffee beans.
Some customers actually lie.
Some customers add on a percentage of orders of other parties to compensate for their work.
Some customers agree.
Some customers already carry condoms, middle-class people or foreigners.
Some customers also ask for something else specific to their own needs.
Some customers also use the in-store kiosks to purchase large and bulky items for home delivery.
Some customers are accessible by both vehicle types, whereas others solely by trucks.
Some customers are comfortable with the data center outsourcing model.
Some customers are concerned about unwanted calls.
Some customers are eligible for VAT exemption.
Some customers are extremely picky and very rude.
Some customers are funny like that.
Some customers are in Australia and Tokyo.
Some customers are international, usually Australia.
Some customers are invited to causes.
Some customers are just too expensive to attract and maintain.
Some customers are large industrial users such as electrical generating plants.
Some customers are late in paying.
Some customers are more costly to serve than others.
Some customers are more demanding than others.
Some customers are more interested in safety features than others.
Some customers are more interested in video.
Some customers are more sensitive to price, promotions, and advertising.
Some customers are more valuable to the firm then others.
Some customers are musicians.
Some customers are never satisfied.
Some customers are one-time buyers.
Some customers are outraged.
Some customers are particularly interested in superior thermal or acoustic performance.
Some customers are pilot-testing the second product.
Some customers are private individuals for whom ballooning is a hobby.
Some customers are ready in all aspects, others in none, and most fall somewhere in between.
Some customers are surprised to see such a big truck arrive.
Some customers are too quick to talk to supervisors.
Some customers are total sweethearts.
Some customers are unable to send mail through mail.jetlink.net.
Some customers are under pressures that make that repetitive process impractical.
Some customers are unprofitable and fickle.
Some customers are very profitable and loyal.
Some customers are very specific and ask for oak, hemlock or cedar chips for their walking paths.
Some customers ask for teacups.
Some customers ask it when they first walk in.
Some customers assume that, in terms of a sign's message, more is better.
Some customers balk at using the farmer's scales.
Some customers become culture.
Some customers become friends.
Some customers become members.
Some customers become very dependent on units they do business with.
Some customers benefit more from the hourly and some by the monthly plan.
Some customers blow warm air on the strip with a hair dryer to warm the strip for easy removal.
Some customers bring cabinetmakers a blueprint or specification of what they want.
Some customers build their own applications.
Some customers buy iguanas.
Some customers buy on price alone, or with price as a key factor.
Some customers buy power.
Some customers care about price improvement.
Some customers choose to implement the system on their own.
Some customers cite bargains even after paying additional shipping charges.
Some customers claim a year for a tube.
Some customers combine row applications with foliar feeding.
Some customers come armed with a knife, and pare away the spoiled spots on the spot.
Some customers come back every year with their tax refunds and the cars they bought the year before.
Some customers come every day to check out the new arrivals.
Some customers come so often they've become friends.
Some customers come to sites.
Some customers complain about details.
Some customers complain that as banks get larger, service gets worse.
Some customers create considerable variability.
Some customers create variability.
Some customers deal with problems.
Some customers define features.
Some customers demand care.
Some customers demand more than just a good product at a fair price.
Some customers design their own cables and harnesses optimized for their particular application.
Some customers die at scenes.
Some customers directly download the information after their credit cards have been accepted.
Some customers discuss sports.
Some customers do ask for a receipt .
Some customers do workouts.
Some customers eat the fish while they wait for their plates.
Some customers emerge from the restaurant, but they've just spent all their cash inside.
Some customers enjoy growth.
Some customers even get payback in first time out.
Some customers even use it to compare their strategy against competitor's.
Some customers even wait barefoot in the showroom while the brothers do a quick heel replacement.
Some customers expand the images to fit on exhibition walls or large posters.
Some customers expect the business to be positioned in a convenient location.
Some customers experience certain problems at our store.
Some customers experience energy payback in less than a year.
Some customers experience problems.
Some customers feel overwhelmed to the point they just want to make it go away fast.
Some customers feel that cable companies aren t as familiar with the needs of Internet users.
Some customers feel that the extra fee is outrageous.
Some customers find it impossible to leave their businesses for any length of time.
Some customers find it makes sense for their new cars as well.
Some customers find orchids.
Some customers find products.
Some customers find unique products.
Some customers focus strategies.
Some customers get around that by going to higher levels early.
Some customers get boats.
Some customers get one letter a month.
Some customers get one pre-made toy for a sample and make the rest from looking at the sample.
Some customers get relief within minutes.
Some customers get results.
Some customers go on adventures.
Some customers go on to manage their site with little or no assistance.
Some customers gravitate toward that.
Some customers gripe about it.
Some customers grumble.
Some customers have a large number of accounts.
Some customers have a much higher rate of mental health disabilities.
Some customers have a reaction to latex.
Some customers have definite installation plans with all dimensions verified in advance.
Some customers have detailed budgets while others are simple.
Some customers have roles.
Some customers have special video management needs.
Some customers have standing orders for specified items.
Some customers have the report print at each end of day.
Some customers have to pour their own wine.
Some customers however are eligible for VAT exemption .
Some customers implement treatments.
Some customers improve quality.
Some customers insist on having regular items.
Some customers insist on having the fastest possible response after experiencing equipment failures.
Some customers just have a hat monkey on their back.
Some customers keep cats.
Some customers keep radios.
Some customers know games.
Some customers know problems.
Some customers know stories.
Some customers know stuff.
Some customers leave cold drinks out for the workers on hot days.
Some customers leave lasting impressions.
Some customers like to control their DNS so as to add vanity domains more easily.
Some customers like to use our software as their art supplies inventory system.
Some customers lose lbs.
Some customers make swings for their little birds from the jumbo bagels.
Some customers meet with an account team on a weekly basis, while others are visited monthly.
Some customers notice disruption of email service during evening.
Some customers object to buying online because of the lack of human contact.
Some customers only accept applications in certain areas while others are nationwide or even global.
Some customers only shop by catalog.
Some customers opt to incorporate instructional text in the graphics on their packaging.
Some customers order custom pieces because they want a very specific size or shape.
Some customers participate in tests.
Some customers pay monthly, some pay the full premium up front, and others pay amounts in between.
Some customers possess cats.
Some customers prefer a human on the other end of the order.
Some customers prefer a new mechanical system for ease of maintenance and repair.
Some customers prefer it with a slice of lemon.
Some customers prefer nonpumped product.
Some customers prefer oysters.
Some customers prefer the oldfashioned passbook-style account.
Some customers prefer the option of no upfront setup fee.
Some customers prefer the stove on legs.
Some customers prefer to browse through our catalogue by topic or locality.
Some customers prefer to call a company or mail in an order rather than e-mail.
Some customers prefer to have their mechanics perform the labor.
Some customers prefer to make their own delivery arrangements.
Some customers prefer to perform their own unpacking at their convenience.
Some customers prefer to submit their web pages more than once.
Some customers prefer to tweak their upgrades for best performance or reliability.
Some customers prefer to use a client number instead of a grower name.
Some customers prefer using an emblem for their company and employee names.
Some customers program the software to produce periodic reports on incidents.
Some customers provide values.
Some customers purchase address lists from various mailing services.
Some customers purchase by mail throughout the year, while others buy each year during the show.
Some customers purchase cabinets.
Some customers purchase only a single pair of shoes.
Some customers purchase sew cabinets.
Some customers receive entries.
Some customers receive operations.
Some customers recognize advantage.
Some customers remember coming here as kids.
Some customers report lockup condition during start up or after trying to display portraits.
Some customers report no initial training requirement at all.
Some customers report that the bed mat helps with road noises.
Some customers request a guaranteed day for delivery.
Some customers request a preview of releases.
Some customers request audits when they have new power requirements, as well.
Some customers request bead blast on exterior surfaces with electropolish on the interior.
Some customers require enticements to visit and try products and services.
Some customers require greater customer service and others are price sensitive or buy frequently.
Some customers require less, some require more protection.
Some customers require mismates.
Some customers require secure or authenticated access to their data or subsets of their data.
Some customers respond to defenders.
Some customers return months.
Some customers save time.
Some customers say the prices are worth the convenience.
Some customers say they're losing their neighborhood grocery store.
Some customers say they've been unable to get a straight answer from the company.
Some customers see our bags and think otherwise.
Some customers share experience.
Some customers share solutions.
Some customers shoot to death.
Some customers shop by display.
Some customers sit on toilets.
Some customers soak seeds in warm water overnight.
Some customers sound like zealots.
Some customers spend too much and get in over their heads.
Some customers still wonder about pollutants in the honey.
Some customers take their time, get the feel of the place and return later to make their purchase.
Some customers tamper with their service connections or meters to avoid paying their fair share.
Some customers think it is too good to be true.
Some customers try to buy things without money or credit.
Some customers understand business.
Some customers use a little bit of hot glue to hold the puzzle together.
Some customers use applications.
Some customers use devices.
Some customers use mobile devices.
Some customers use software.
Some customers visit diners.
Some customers visit teller windows.
Some customers visit windows.
Some customers wait forever, with no other course of action to take.
Some customers wait longer.
Some customers wish to have a unique function or feature added to the base product.
Customers complaints are gifts.
Customers representatives have a separate communication channel and awareness tool.
Customers satisfaction goes up.
Customers satisfaction is always our priority.
Customers satisfaction is high and is expressed frequently through online customer feedback.
Customers satisfaction is our biggest desire.
Customers satisfaction is our corporate objective.
Customers satisfaction is our motivation.
Customisable ephemerides are available.
Customisable value ranges.
Customised configurations are available.
Customised courses are an option for people with specific needs and limited time.
Customised decorations are available.
Customised holograms are available for increased levels of security.
Customised itineraries are available upon request.
Customised mailing is therefore possible in a very scientific way.
Customised plants are available for all products.
Customised printing is available for bulk orders for.
Customised puppets take a lot of work.
Customised solutions form our endeavour.
Customised statistics are also available on request.
Customised statistics measure quality of service and agent performance.
Customised tables are available on request.
Customised tours are also available.
Customised training is also available subject to negotiation.
Customised versions are available to businesses, large and small.
Customizable buttons give single-click solutions to repetitive tasks.
Customizable cells make dynamic spreadsheet presentation a breeze.
Customizable charts allow each user to monitor both their stocks and mutual funds.
Customizable civilizations are important to single player campaigns as well.
Customizable copy is available for download free of charge.
Customizable fields allow congregations to adapt the software to their local situation.
Customizable fields let directors add their own information, as well.
Customizable grids streamline input.
Customizable interface allows administrators to define what users can view, access and use.
Customizable keypads make it the perfect fit.
Customizable options Having a customizable interface is a great way to go.
Customizable overlays are available from some software manufacturers.
Customizable platform meets an entity s unique needs and management processes.
Customizable profiles Create custom inspection profiles based on individual document needs.
Customizable programs allow for automatic problem resolution by the software itself.
Customizable reports are standard.
Customizable screens allow the supervisor to monitor calls or personnel with a single mouse click.
Customizable screens offer quick navigation.
Customizable searches can result in surprising and fun results.
Customizable security restricts access to appropriate information.
Customizable software automates the data collection process.
Customizable tags enable the manipulation of complex data between applications and institutions.
Customizable templates allow rapid entry of commonly used workout routines.
Customizable theme looks.
Customizable tours are for groups by reservation.
Customizable weapons make each weapon a lot more interesting to play with.
Customize database objects such as table, view etc.
Customize report designs by grouping, sorting, and summarizing data, and by adding subreports.
Customize table designs, set field properties and creating indexes.
Customize user directories.
Customized analysis is also possible.
Customized analysis reports for customers with many sources.
Customized apparel can add something special to any occasion.
Customized applications are another matter.
Customized applications are their specialty.
Customized applications have to be made, always according to the situation on site.
Customized arch supports for total foot comfort and increased athletic performance.
Customized assessments are also available upon request.
Customized attire is designed and sewn to create a unique look in each year of competition.
Customized bricks are available to individuals, groups and local businesses.
Customized brochures require a clean, camera-ready business card for each store.
Customized calendar printouts.
Customized campaigns are available upon request.
Customized care is also provide for a woman's special needs.
Customized care is provided for each patient's specific medical needs.
Customized caricatures are on the following page.
Customized CDs offer the highest quality video and audio, are durable and mailable.
Customized changes are available.
Customized checks appeal to everyone.
Customized classes are also available.
Customized classes are always available.
Customized classes are available for customer needs.
Customized classes are available for groups or individuals.
Customized computer driven cycles ensure repeatability of the process for customer's parts.
Customized concentrations are acceptable.
Customized configuration is also available for advanced users.
Customized consultations are also available upon request.
Customized consultations are available on literature searching and electronic resources.
Customized content is created to the specifications of each corporate client.
Customized content is key.
Customized convenience is now the name of the game.
Customized courses are also available for faculty upon request.
Customized courses are also available.
Customized courses are avail able for specific needs.
Customized courses are available for every division listed above.
Customized courses are available for on-site and are priced by quotation.
Customized courses are available for onsite training.
Customized courses are available to meet industry needs.
Customized courses are available to meet the needs of organizations and individual users.
Customized courses are available upon request, as well.
Customized Courses bring the Womanship Way to Couples, Families, Clubs and Associations .
Customized courses can vary in length and content depending on the needs of the client.
Customized coverage is available.
Customized databases are also available.
Customized data is also available.
Customized decals are also available.
Customized departure dates, call for further information.
Customized designs are welcome due to our capable factory.
Customized designs are welcome.
Customized domains are subject to availability on the Internet.
Customized doses work well for breast cancer sufferers.
Customized drawings make it easy for customers to fully understand their purchase.
Customized editions are available.
Customized equipment is available upon request.
Customized essays involve the input of our customers more directly than our on-file essays do.
Customized family welcome aboard gift.
Customized features are available.
Customized field ordering and required fields now work together.
Customized forms are available for ongoing projects.
Customized frames enhance the unique qualities of any photograph.
Customized gateways receive statistical reports specific to their own Gateway activity.
Customized images add impact to trainings and presentations.
Customized images belong solely to the end-user.
Customized impersonations are available, depending on the character.
Customized incentives are available for infrastructure and site improvements.
Customized Incisions are Key.
Customized information drives out uncustomized information.
Customized information is also available upon request.
Customized information is available to meet a firm's investment needs.
Customized inserts are also available.
Customized instruction is offered to classes at the request of the instructor.
Customized instruction is provided in speaking, reading, and writing skills.
Customized instruction means just that.
Customized integration is available.
Customized integrations require limited time and resources.
Customized internships are possible other times of the year.
Customized items are non-returnable unless damaged or defective.
Customized items are refundable only if damaged in shipment.
Customized itineraries are also available.
Customized itineraries are always welcome.
Customized itineraries are available for all destinations.
Customized itineraries can include extras like fishing, golf, boating or sightseeing.
Customized jewelry is a favorite.
Customized labels are also available in multiple languages.
Customized labels augment the presentation of diskette, tape and cassette products.
Customized legends are available.
Customized lessons are available for beginning to advanced weavers of any age.
Customized lessons focus on management, marketing, sales, banking or the paper industry.
Customized lists are also available.
Customized lists are available at any time by request.
Customized lists are available for companies with specific restrictions.
Customized logos engraved on plaques are our specialty and no job is to small.
Customized macros permit easy operation for even unskilled personnel.
Customized management reports.
Customized manuals provide comprehensive coverage of individual subject areas.
Customized maps are also prepared on request for a small fee.
Customized maps are available upon request.
Customized masks are available on request and are priced according to time and material.
Customized meetings can be of any size and length.
Customized menus are also available.
Customized menus are available for groups.
Customized menus are available upon request.
Customized menus are available.
Customized menus are negotiable between the client and the catering director.
Customized menus are our pleasure.
Customized menus are our specialty.
Customized menus are welcome.
Some customized menus necessitate more, and some customers elect to pay more for more staff.
Customized modules are available to meet user specialized needs.
Customized openers take two weeks or less.
Customized options abound.
Customized options are also available.
Customized options are available.
Customized orders are our specialty.
Customized orders are returnable for exchange only, and only if defective.
Customized orders require a week longer.
Customized packages are also available and are priced on per hour basis.
Customized packages are also available.
Customized packages are available for additional rounds of golf.
Customized packages are available upon request.
Customized packages are available year round.
Customized packages are available.
Customized packages are to be shipped within a reasonable timeframe.
Customized packages can include exclusive page positions, tracking and research.
Customized packages offer concentrated exposure in banners, tiles, email ads, and more.
Customized packaging is available for specific vehicle or aircraft installations.
Customized packaging is available.
Customized packaging is created for all distribution formats.
Customized pages are another trend in Web site redesign.
Customized pants are also available.
Customized plans are also available.
Customized plans are available for specific needs.
Customized plans are available upon request.
Customized plates are available.
More customized policies are also available for larger businesses.
Customized Polls are completely private and can be accessed only with passcodes at all times.
Customized presentations encourage cross product purchases and more loyal Customers .
Customized processors exist in a vast array of devices in and around the average home.
Customized products are available.
Customized production is possible by agreement.
Customized programs are also available to fit the needs of the instructor and students.
Customized programs are available for specific customer needs and interested focus groups.
Customized programs are available to meet individual, organization, and staff needs.
Customized programs are available upon request.
Customized programs are available.
Customized programs are effective in fostering organizational change and transformation.
Customized programs can vary from two hours to a full day to multi-day.
Customized programs help normalize body.
Customized programs tend to be highly interactive and to emphasize active communication in English.
Customized programming is available upon request.
Customized queries require user input.
Customized reports allow users to see only the information desired.
Customized reports are also available for specific weekly series at a negotiable cost.
Customized reports are also available.
Customized reports are available at additional cost.
Customized reports are available by industry, region, selected group of companies, etc.
Customized reports are available for a small fee.
Customized reports are available for an additional fee.
Customized reports are available on diskette, CD ROM, or in hard copy.
Customized reports are available upon request.
Customized reports are available.
Customized reports compare costs of services across banks by group or region.
Customized reports ensure regulatory compliance.
Customized research leads to scientifically and statistically correct outcomes.
Customized resources are available on the site.
Customized resources are available upon request.
Customized responses can greatly leverage value to buyers and sellers.
Customized service is made of more money than a paradise of products can ever be.
Customized services are available depending on the customer's special payroll needs.
Customized services range from drop camps to fully guided trips.
Customized sessions are available for management, union officials and employees.
Customized sessions designed on a consulting basis are also available.
Customized sets are available upon request.
Customized sets are available.
Customized settings are available per request.
Customized shells provide the features which are best suited for the particular problem.
Customized signage is a functional way to convey and reinforce a theme.
Customized sizes are also available and priced by the order.
Customized sizes are also available.
Customized sizes are available to meet different customer needs.
Customized software allows field data entry and review of existing data in the central data system.
Customized software can increase the number of neurons to millions.
Customized software is also available to large and mid-sized green industry manufacturers.
Customized software is also more likely to have problems that are difficult to correct.
Customized software is treated the same as packaged software.
Customized software promises to do a better job of connecting data to genetics.
Customized solutions are also available.
Customized solutions are available upon request.
Customized solutions are common.
Customized solutions can also include licensing changes.
Customized sponsorships are available.
Customized surveys are also available for participating members, which help meet their unique needs.
Customized systems are available on long or short term rentals.
Customized systems are available.
Customized systems are the most desirable, offering features that borderline magic.
Customized tabulations are also available.
Customized talks are available, as well as panel discussions.
Customized technology helps the judge make more informed decisions.
Customized templates are available.
Customized test stands capable of reproducing motion are used to simulate biomechanical movement.
Customized tests can match state and local curriculum specifically.
Customized thermocouples are a specialty.
Customized tool promotes regular and complete maintenance of heat exchanger.
Customized tour is also available upon request.
Customized tours are also available.
Customized tours are available as well as tours of the Grand Valley wineries.
Customized tours are available everyday.
Customized tours are available for corporate events.
Customized tours are available on a group basis.
Customized tours are available.
Customized tours are our specialty for individuals or groups.
Most customized tours involve contracting with a number of vendors and service providers.
Customized training allows employers to decide what , where , when and how training is delivered.
Customized training allows employers to decide what, where, when and how training is delivered.
Customized Training are also available in .pdf format.
Customized training can take place concurrently or consecutively to employment.
Customized training designed to meet specific needs of individual companies is also available.
Customized Training gives organizations the tools to find the right answers.
Customized training helps surmount cultural barriers within and between corporations.
Customized training includes course outlines, resources to be used and evaluations.
Customized training is also available during evening hours.
Customized training is also available upon request.
Customized training is also available.
Customized training is available as well as client-site training.
Customized training is available for business and industry on a consultative basis.
Customized training is available for corporations.
Customized training is available to meet specific needs of individual clients or organizations.
Customized training is available to meet the special needs of health care organizations.
Customized training is available year-round for groups and organizations.
Customized training is available.
Customized training is designed to assist business and industry throughout the state.
Customized training is designed to meet specific organizational needs.
Customized training is offered to existing industries upon request.
Customized training is offered to meet specific needs of organizations.
Customized Training lasts from a few weeks to six months.
Customized training offers a choice of formats best suited to employees and employers.
Customized trips are also available including nature walks and gourmet picnics.
Customized trips are also available upon request.
Customized trips are available.
Customized trips are our speciality.
Customized trips are our specialty.
Customized trips can include lake canoeing, kayak camping and waterfall hikes.
Customized units are available for special requirements.
Customized utilization reports available on a quarterly basis.
Customized variations are available for all lines as well as larger systems made to order.
Customized versions are also available.
Customized versions are available as well as application development.
Customized versions are available as well.
Customized versions are available for interested organizations.
Customized versions are available for other time expansion factors.
Customized versions are available on request.
Customized versions are available.
Customized versions can be quickly and affordably manufactured.
Customized web tracking software provides accurate readable information about web site traffic.
Customized websites are nice, and for many users, convenient.
Customized weddings are available.
Customized windows are available for the octagon reducer and tube.
Customized wizards tailor themselves to each dataset and query type.
Customized work can cause a backlog in the work schedule.
Customized workouts are available for the beginner, intermediate and professional skier.
Customized workshops are also available.
Customized workshops are available in information retrieval and knowledge management.
Customs agents are accustomed to seeing U.S. titles that are separate from registration.
Customs agents are unlikely to recognise the fig-shaped organs.
Customs agents consider hair braids a physical trait of possible drug smugglers.
Customs borders derive from political borders.
Customs brokers can smooth lots of logistical hassles.
Customs brokers handle importing.
Customs clearance can be time consuming because of bureaucratic delays.
Customs clearances can take place well inland from the borders.
Customs control is an essential part in the economic recovery process of Kosovo.
Customs control is through one channel only.
A customs duty is a tariff
Most customs duties are ad valorem, though some are specific.
Most customs duties are ad valorem.
Customs inspectors are hard at work at our borders, enforcing hundreds of laws.
Customs inspectors are located in airports.
Customs inspectors carry weapons and undergo mandatory firearms training.
Customs inspectors conduct a scan after receiving written permission from the passenger.
Some customs officers work at a post office .
Some customs officers work at a post office.
Customs officials believe the smugglers consider the dogs a threat.
A customshouse is a government building
Customshouses manage one or several customs points located in Kazakhstan.
Cut ageratum offers a nice moderate sized blue flower for the florist trade.
Cut air vents out of back.
Cut ants harvest materials.
Cut ants harvest plant materials.
Cut baits are good for catching bluefish.
Cut bangs shape from Natural paper for boy.
Cut boards have slightly different problems.
Cut bread rolls in half, spread with butter, and pour mixture over bun.
Cut bread slices up into small cubes.
Cut bulbs are the same as for Narcissus.
Cut cherry tomatoes into half.
Cut comb is fine for the person just starting out.
Cut corn kernels off cobs.
Cut culms are immersed in a running stream and weighted down for three to four weeks.
Cut design elements out of art paper.
Cut edges are normal.
Cut eggs crosswise into thin slices, remove yolks and press through a sieve into a small bowl.
Cut eggs lengthwise into halves.
Cut eggplants lengthwise in equal halves.
Cut elimination permits structural proof analysis, and syntactic proofs of conservativity results.
Cut fish is the most commonly used local bait.
Cut flower designs out of different colors of construction paper.
Cut flower stems about one-inch long.
Cut flower stems as they bloom out unless collection of seed is an objective.
Cut flower stems containing buds which are just starting to open, preferably in the early morning.
Cut flower stems early in the morning, when they're plump with water.
Cut flower stems off wire and secure with glue and attach to top of banner.
Cut flowers are beautiful and long lasting.
Cut flowers are Colombia's new miracle export, hailed as an alternative to cocaine.
Cut flowers are elegant, long lasting and strongly scented.
Cut flowers are fragrant, long-lasting and attractive.
Cut flowers are good for fresh or dried arrangements.
Cut flowers are ideal for small arrangements in the home.
Cut flowers are located in markets.
Cut flowers are long lasting.
Cut flowers are nice, but after a week or so they re gone.
Cut flowers are one of the alternatives being considered.
Cut flowers are ornaments.
Cut flowers are stunning, but they can also be stunningly expensive and short-lived.
Cut flowers are vulnerable to attack by one or more species of beetles.
Cut flowers can last a week or more.
Cut flowers can make a beautiful bouquet.
Cut flowers keep well in a vase.
Cut flowers last longer in clean water.
Cut flowers last over a week.
Cut flowers make more money than anything else.
Cut flowers travel through many hands before they reach the consumer.
Cut frame strips to fit remaining sides of block.
Cut frame strips to same size as block and stitch to opposite sides.
Cut fronds can last about a week for flower displays.
Cut gizzards are effective for most all species in the lake.
Cut golfers earn no points.
Cut grass is thrown to both sides.
Cut grooves are really well pronounced.
Cut hair ends up in the dust bag of the vacuum cleaner.
Cut hair is exactly what it suggests.
Cut heart shapes out of all different colors of construction paper.
Cut heart shapes out of cereal box board to make stencils for cutting lots more hearts.
Cut heart shapes out of sponge.
Cut heart shapes out of the fun foam.
Cut herbs are available year-round.
Cut herring is the bait of choice for catfish.
Cut inventory turns.
Cut leaf shapes out of the to make a template for stenciling the leaves.
Cut leaf stems and roots from tuber, and rinse well.
Cut lengths are also available as well as custom-made bait bags with hog ringed bottoms.
Cut lengths are also available.
Cut lime leaves into strips.
Cut lines break traditional concept of dress like never-ending experiment with the fabric.
Cut logs are inflamed either just before cutting or before curing.
Cut marks have similar distributions in all three kills.
Cut marks look perimortem.
Cut material is stockpiled for adobe floor.
Cut of beef is cut of meat
Cuts of beef is cuts.
Cuts of beef is part of beef.
Many cuts of beef can more than hold their own against their henhouse rivals.
Many cuts of beef compare favorably with poultry.
Most cuts of beef are quite safe to eat.
Some cuts of beef are fairly low in fat.
Cut of meat is meat
Some cuts of meat are easier to carve than others.
Cut of pork is cut of meat
Many cuts of pork are as lean or leaner than chicken.
Cut outs are an additional charge.
Cut pansies make a wonderful spring bouquet.
Cut paper collages and lyrical text introduce readers to the life cycle of a tree.
Cut pattern pieces out.
Cut peony stems back to the ground.
Cut pieces are also available.
Cut pineapple stays fresh in the fridge for a few days.
Cut placement is critical in both joint replacement and various corrective surgeries.
Cut plant stems and insert stem into tubing while stem is submerged in a pan of water.
Cut plants rise to the surface where they can be removed.
Cut points are the third type of machinery hazards to be aware of.
Cut potatoes lengthwise into eighths and lay in center of the foil.
Cut potatoes lengthwise into halves and scoop pulp into a mixing bowl.
Cut potatoes lengthwise into quarters.
Cut potatoes lengthwise into thin wedges.
Cut potatoes lengthwise into wedges.
Cut quality affects the price too.
Cut rice is threshed, and the paddy is then ready to be winnowed and taken to market.
Cut scenes are extensive and stylishly rendered in the campaign.
Cut scenes are full screen, fully animated with appropriate sound effects.
Cut scenes are poor.
Cut scenes look really fuzzy.
Cut seeds crosswise to determine fill.
Cut sheet is a manufacturer measurement based stipulation.
Cut sheets are also available to fit all popular portable power sanders.
Cut stamp die close to edge of design.
Cut stones are rare due to the small size of the crystals and the cost.
Cut stones sold as marcasite are usually pyrites.
Cut sub rolls open and toast, then rub with cut garlic.
Cut surface is firm and white.
Cut surface is tan and fleshy.
Cut surface is usually grey-tan with bulging and lobulated appearance.
Cut surfaces are normal to the wind direction.
Cut tape is acceptable for small-quantity prototype builds only.
Cut threads create hundreds of teeth that grip the pinblock and keep the piano in tune longer.
Cut time is a common musical term with slightly various meanings among different musicians.
Cut trees are fine, just remember to stake the tree well.
Cut trees are the choice of tradition, and fresher is always better.
Cut turtle shapes out of green poster board, number or name each one.
Cut wood is provided for the cottage.
Cut wood is provided to the cottage.
A cut is a transition
Cuts agate with ease.
Cuts appeals off too early.
Cuts appear to be most substantial for certain herbicide products.
Cuts apply to cinema, video and DVD versions.
Cuts are a potential source of tetanus infection.
Cuts are abrupt changes between or within shots.
Cuts are absence.
Cuts are absolute for survival.
Cuts are also endemic and difficult to cure.
Cuts are angled progressively from top left to bottom right.
Cuts are canals.
Cuts are common when one falls over, and people have occasionally ingested runoff unintentionally.
Cuts are decrease.
Cuts are detrimental to the children.
Cuts are division.
Cuts are excerpts.
Cuts are fashion.
Cuts are for use for illness or necessary absences.
Cuts are fuller for a more relaxed fit, fronts are flat for a clean look.
Cuts are furrows.
Cuts are gradation.
Cuts are lines that subdivide a ring or polygon based on the proximity of competitor sites.
Cuts are located in fingers.
Cuts are meat.
Cuts are mill-finished, ready to fabricate.
Cuts are more likely to come in areas less essential to growth.
Cuts are obviously the most instantaneous.
Cuts are openings.
Cuts are part of card games.
Cuts are right on the money every time.
Cuts are shares.
Cuts are shortening.
Cuts are strokes.
Cuts are transitions.
Cuts are useful to break up notes of the same pitch and to give emphasis and life to the tune.
Cuts are very precise, with constant dice and jullienne thicknesses.
Cuts are vulnerable to water, insects, bacteria and fungus.
Cuts are wounds.
Cuts Be good at Billiards is the web site reference for all billiard and snooker players.
Cuts begin next week, before the track team has a week off for finals.
Cuts blocks to size on power saw.
Cuts can also be useful in distracting the defense to help other cuts get open.
Cuts can become infected.
Cuts can range from very mild, like a paper cut, to very serious.
Cuts can vary, even among gems in the same ring.
Cuts Cleanse the wound with soap and water.
Cuts correspond to dramatic increases in academic earmarking in the bill.
Cuts cost and speeds design of high-end routers and switches.
Cuts costs for control rooms.
Cuts costs with blackline masters.
Cuts cove with step or bead.
Cuts decide how easily a fighter can be cut and how quickly it progresses.
Cuts design in workpiece, using chisel-like engraving tools.
Cuts directly eliminate educational programs and activities for students.
Cuts ditches and trenches.
Cuts ditches for irrigation, building borders, outlets and gates.
Cuts doorways through masonry walls or removes masonry walls when required.
Cuts grease quickly.
Cuts have gold bead accents.
Cuts have to be fast in order to free attention for the opportunities.
Cuts heal much more rapidly and it decreases pain.
Cuts here are, therefore, impossible.
Cuts laminate into chips, using bench-mounted cutting equipment or automatic cutter.
Cuts lead tubing with hacksaw to form covering over spliced cables.
Cuts leave Valley farmers with tons of produce and facing monetary woes.
Cuts lenses apart and places lenses in storage box.
Cuts lettuce especially well, without tearing or causing browning at the edges.
Cuts link to inappropriate cell from balloon text.
Cuts loads off.
Cuts look sore.
Cuts made along collagen fibers in the skin are less likely to leave unsightly scars.
Cuts means cuts, cuts means less tax.
Cuts nails smoothly.
Cuts only edits playback in real time and only special effects require rendering.
Cuts only make it harder for our children to pass the exit exam.
Cuts patch from seam or hem allowance of article, using scissors.
Cuts pattern from sheet, using hand shears.
Cuts pegs off at surface of last, using handsaw or powered saw.
Cuts reduce the availability and quality of information to workers, communities and firefighters.
Cuts slice the skin open.
Cuts slices or strips with interchangeable inserts.
Cuts straight slices with no great effort.
Cuts strip with knife when specified amount of felt is wound on drum.
Cuts take effect immediately and with months rather than years to adjust.
Cuts tear across the person's chest.
Cuts tend to be ragged, and pruning height and angle less accurate.
Cuts tend to heal faster when they are dry and warm.
Cuts thread with scissors and removes tube.
Cuts threads into concrete, brick and hollow block.
Cuts threaten community lifelines.
Cuts travel horizontally and vertically and angles line up perfectly.
Cuts vary by location.
Cuts vary from thick to average depending on who is on duty.
Cuts when polishing the magnesium metal are possible.
Cuts frequently appear to be in the wrong category.
Cuts frequently occur on the pads of the dog's feet, especially if the pads are dry.
All cuts are plainly visible when cutting.
All cuts come with a portion of their famous spinning salad.
All cuts heal with a scar.
Every cut causes some amount of damage.
Every cut has a phat beat.
Every cut has a story.
Every cut is a gem. . . .
Every cut is a master work.
Every cut is a masterpiece of storytelling in song.
Every cut is a pleasure to listen to.
Every cut is a standout.
Every cut is a winner, full of interest, both from the musicians and in the listener.
Every cut is great.
EVery cut is just right.
Every cut is perfectly consistent.
Every cut is remixed and pressed with easy to spin beat breaks.
Every cut is solid hard-hitting swamp rock.
Every cut makes it better.
Every cut's a winner.
Many cuts are worth their weight nutritionally.
Many cuts have an industrial feel, some are more metal, some are more gothic.
Many cuts have several different names and the meat case can be very confusing.
Many cuts stack up to the nutritional profile of poultry.
More cuts are inevitable.
More cuts are likely to come.
More cuts are to come, even as the pace of military operations remains high.
Most cuts are superficial and extend only partially through the skin.
Most cuts occur on the hand opposing the instruments.
Most cuts occur when students are doing bodywork or working with sheet metal.
Some cut stems produce plants.
Some cuts are on the site for sampling.
Some cuts are world beat, full of rhythms from the globe.
Some cuts naturally have more fat than others.
Some cuts seem inspired by the urge to economize.
Some cuts sound more electronica-oriented, while others can clearly boast a reggae pedigree.
Cutaneous anergy is common.
Cutaneous anthrax features a painless necrotic ulcer with a black eschar and local edema.
Cutaneous anthrax is amenable to standard therapy and fatal only when septicemia intervenes.
Cutaneous anthrax is anthrax
Cutaneous anthrax is anthrax.
Cutaneous anthrax is cutaneous infection.
Cutaneous anthrax is transmitted through a break in the skin.
Cutaneous appendages are spread on and over the nose.
Cutaneous candidiasis is fairly common.
Cutaneous changes resulting from endocrine imbalance occur as a result of the following mechanisms.
Cutaneous diphtheria is a localized infection generally occurring in an extremity.
Cutaneous disease is an uncommon manifestation of clinical toxoplasmosis in both humans and cats.
Cutaneous form causes papules that develop into slow-healing ulcers.
Cutaneous hemangiomas are common.
Cutaneous infection can result from direct inoculation of organisms into the skin.
Cutaneous infections are infections of the skin , finger nails and toenails.
Cutaneous infections are most common and are subclassified into fixed cutaneous and lymphocutaneous.
Cutaneous involvement can occurs as a late complication.
Cutaneous involvement is infrequent and typically perianal.
Cutaneous involvement is rare in secondary amyloidosis.
Cutaneous leishmaniasis is infection
Cutaneous leishmaniasis is reported.
Cutaneous leishmaniasis occurs.
Cutaneous lesions appear in childhood, often in the first year of life.
Cutaneous lesions are characteristic and are present in two-thirds of patients.
Cutaneous lesions are distinctive and herald a moderately advanced stage of disease.
Cutaneous lesions are important in transmission.
Cutaneous lesions can occur in the setting of disseminated infection.
Cutaneous lesions characterize the primary and secondary stages.
Cutaneous lesions develop three days after the onset of the attack.
Cutaneous lesions range from erythematous papules to bullous or ulcerated plaques or pseudolymphoma.
Cutaneous manifestations predominate.
Cutaneous melanomas are cancers of the pigment cells in the skin.
Cutaneous metastases are the commonest form of extrapulmonary dissemination.
Cutaneous metastases can present in various forms, including the inflammatory pattern.
Cutaneous metastases tend to become infected and full of pus, and they have an unpleasant odor.
Cutaneous mycoses are fungal infections that infect only the epidermis, hair, and nails.
Cutaneous neurofibromas appear to lack the propensity to become malignant.
Cutaneous nodules can simulate lung nodules.
Cutaneous photography is an integral part of the program.
Cutaneous photosensitivity is the major clinical feature.
Some cutaneous reactions occur due to hypersensitivity.
Cutaneous receptors are either warm or cold and either static or dynamic .
Cutaneous receptors are the most numerous and widely scattered of any sense organs.
Cutaneous respiration occurs in a variety of marine, intertidal, and freshwater fish.
Cutaneous sores are most common in connection with abject poverty.
Cutaneous sporotrichosis follows inoculation of spores into the skin and subcutaneous tissue.
Cutaneous stimulation evokes long-lasting excitation of spinal interneurons in the turtle.
Cutaneous stimulation fails to alter motor unit recruitment in the decerebrate cat.
Cutaneous tumors are prone to ulcerate.
Cutaneous tumors behave in the same way as demonstrated by squamous cell carcinomas.
Cutaneous vasculitis occurs in the following conditions.
Cutaway diagram shows the arrangement of the pumps around a main engine powerhead.
Cutaway illustrations provide a vivid look at every aspect of castle life.
A cutaway is a representation
Cutaway illustrations Cutaway illustrations so children can get the inside view.
Cutaways are coats.
Cutaways are interactive.
Cutaways are representations.
Cutaways reveal internal parts and processes otherwise hidden from view.
Cutaways still require some hand work.
Cutaways tend to have more bulk than tearaways.
A cutback is a reduction
Cutback stems halfway after flowering.
Cutbacks are decrease.
Cutbacks are likely to continue.
Cutbacks are necessary because the costs have tripled.
Cutbacks end steam operation in Pakistan.
Cutbacks have limited promotion prospects.
Cutbacks make sense to some workers.
Cutbacks mandated by the governor are behind the closing of all of Florida's full-time firewatchers.
Cutbacks reduce cost, and that contributes to health.
Cutbacks slash more than availability.
Cutbacks start, the people snore.
Cutbacks usually occur in deadweight departments first.
Cute ads are rememberable.
Cute animals have size.
Most cute animals have size.
Cute babies receive more attention and affection than babies who are cuteness-challenged.
Cute baldhead grimaces best rat.
Cute bastards gem dateable rich.
Cute boys have no intrinsic value.
Cute characters roam around the stage, opening doors, making wonderful sounds.
Cute cursor threatens privacy.
Cute cutout handle.
Cute daisy has white petals and yellow pom-pom center.
Some cute essentials are the way to go.
Cute graphics teach arithmetic through multiplication and division.
Cute guys are often out en masse.
Cute guys walk around.
Cute hat features a similar goose patch on front brim and chin ties.
Cute illustrations adorn each page, and a variety of poems describe most foods.
Cute kids winning spelling bees get a nice story.
Cute kitchen includes refrigerator, new dishwasher, and new stove.
Cute messages can come off as rude, annoying, or worse.
Cute names serve a purpose but can also be uninviting.
Cute puppies have sharp teeth.
Cute puppies have teeth.
Most cute puppies have sharp teeth.
Most cute puppies have teeth.
Cute ruffle trim at neckline.
Cute snail is out and about, sitting on a green base, and a floral clasp .
Cute sound plays on shutdown.
Cute teddy bears.
Cute things are happy things, and happy things are also cute things.
Cute things come and go, but Beanies show no signs of slowing down.
Some cuticle nippers have special rubberized or textured grips on their handles.
Cuticle waxes lose much of their waterproofing ability when a certain temperature is exceeded.
A cuticle is a scute
Cuticle closes, giving protection from blow dryers, curling irons, etc.
Cuticle is a complex mixture of fatty acids, partly free and partly combined with alcohols.
Cuticle is detached.
Cuticle is either completely absent or if present it is thin and poorly developed.
Cuticle is on all the aboveground green parts of plants.
Cuticle is shed between each of four juvenile stages.
Cuticle is thin on guard cells and stomata are parallel to veins.
Cuticle is thin, transparent and keeps body from drying out.
Cuticle is very thick to check excessive transpiration.
Cuticle isa stratum.
Cuticle restricts growth.
Cuticles are a plant's idea of skin.
Cuticles are common in a range of animals including nematodes, annelids and arthropods.
Cuticles are our nail's protection.
Cuticles are part of fingernails.
Cuticles are part of nails.
Cuticles are skin.
Cuticles are therefore very useful in taxonomic.
Cuticles are usually tough but also bendable .
Cuticles are usually tough but also bendable.
Cuticles consist of different layers.
Cuticles consist of layers.
Cuticles consist of several layers.
Cuticles cover epidermises.
Cuticles have (part) cell membranes.
Cuticles have (part) corneums.
Cuticles have (part) cytoplasm.
Cuticles have (part) nuclei.
Cuticles have (part) plasma membranes.
Cuticles have (part) sections.
Cuticles have (part) vacuoles.
Cuticles have hardness.
Cuticles keep bacteria from getting under the nail bed.
Cuticles minimize water loss and effectively reduce pathogen entry due to their waxy secretion.
Cuticles offer protection.
Cuticles vary in thickness.
Most cuticles consist of different layers.
Most cuticles consist of layers.
Most cuticles consist of several layers.
Most cuticles offer protection.
Most cuticles vary in thickness.
Some cuticles are part of elephants.
Some cuticles are part of necks.
Some cuticles are part of pachyderms.
Some cuticles are part of penises.
Some cuticles are part of skin.
Some cuticles contain chitin.
Some cuticles have bees.
Some cuticles have layers.
Some cuticles hold water.
Some cuticles protect leaves.
Some cuticles reduce evaporation.
Some cuticles serve functions.
Some cuticles support animals.
Cuticular analysis is a useful adjunct to palynology in environmental reconstruction.
Cuticular analysis is useful to palynology in environmental reconstruction.
Cuticular characters confirm the position and parentage of the two interspecific hybrids, E .
Cuticular respiration is often still significant in terrestrial insects.
Cutlass isa blade.
Cutlass isa sword.
Cutlasses have (part) hilts.
Cutlasses have (part) knife edges.
Cutlasses have (part) sections.
A cutler is a dealer
Some cutlers place more emphasis on education and other on survival skills.
Cutleries are form-stably, taste neutral and steady against all food acids.
Cutlery can be very expensive.
Cutlery falls into a swimming pool, and people dive in to get it.
Cutlery has (part) sections.
Cutlery is a whole science, art and passion for many people across the globe.
Cutlery is located in tables.
Cutlery is tableware
Cutlery is tableware.
Cutlery isa tool.
Cutlery Try our . . .
A cutoff is a road
Cutoffs also occur to rationalize destructive behavior during times of anger at adults or peers.
Cutoffs are channels.
Cutoffs are devices.
Cutoffs are flawless.
Cutoffs are limits.
Cutoffs are natural things.
Cutoffs refer to the lowest number of points possible for a given letter grade.
Cutoffs usually occur where there are gaps between clusters of similar scores.
Cutomized program are always available.
A cutout is a switch
Cutout designs on the panels.
Cutout is baltic birch.
Cutout islands with one of the four major islands written on it.
Cutout Use the precise settings shown in the dialog box screen capture to the right.
Cutouts are for access to water tanks.
Cutouts are parts.
Cutouts are photographic print.
Cutouts are switchs.
Cutouts are the safest place to load and unload students.
Cutouts can now cast shadows when placed.
Cutouts can span bends.
Cutouts Learn how to apply a cutout look to text or other selections.
Cutouts look as if part of the volume has been cut away with a sharp knife.
Cutouts show deer doing what deer sometimes do.
All cutouts are Northern Basswood.
All cutouts provide reliable overcurrent protection for primary distribution systems.
Cutter numbers are for individual books.
A cutter is a quarrier
Cutter blades in most fly cutters come with a quite sharp pointed end.
Cutter blades with end cutters bent at right angles to the plane of rotation.
Cutter takes on hijackers in air.
Cutters also dismantle large objects, such as ships, railroad cars, automobiles or aircraft.
Cutters also dismantle large objects, such as ships, railroad cars, automobiles, or aircraft.
Cutters are diners.
Cutters are films.
Cutters are high quality and fun to work with.
Cutters are of hight quality, stainless steel.
Cutters are people crying for help.
Cutters are sailing vessels.
Cutters are skilled workers.
Cutters are thin to moderate in flesh.
Cutters can sometimes reach three feet in height and have large, many-petaled heads.
Cutters carry three sails, a main and jib like a sloop, and a staysail mounted on an inner forestay.
Cutters come in sizes to fit pipes and tubing of different diameters.
Cutters come soon after.
Cutters dismantle large objects, such as ships, railroad cars, automobiles or aircraft.
Cutters flip the bird like a bad habit.
Cutters have only minor rust.
Cutters have the best outcome with medications by a ton.
Cutters is a full-service company.
Cutters make nice gifts, too.
Cutters make sharp, clean cuts for a professional finish to buttonholes.
Cutters specialize in patterning and cutting the pieces of fabric needed to assemble a costume.
Cutters start cutting paper to specs.
Cutters tie up at pier across the bay.
Cutters trim sheets of nylon, leather and other fabric for the uppers.
All cutters are chip limiter designed for safer use.
All cutters are individual sales.
All cutters employ the Black Ice polished cutter feature.
Many cutters report that when they harm themselves, they feel relief rather than physical pain.
Many cutters simply lack the language skills to express their emotions.
Many cutters think they are alone, that they are the only one.
Most cutters have a straight edge cutting blade that dulls quickly.
Some cutters also have a triangular reamer that can be used to remove burrs.
Some cutters offer their services directly to the public.
Some cutters purposely facet a stone imperfectly, to maximize the weight of the finished stone.
Some cutters use carbide blades.
Cutthroat competition drives out quality service.
Cutthroat fishing can be very challenging at times.
Cutthroat trout are present and tend to occupy slack-water pools with overhead cover.
Cutthroat trout are prey for larger fish as fry or fingerlings.
Cutthroat trout are resident in Lead Queen Lake and caught easily with fly or baited hook.
Cutthroat trout are resident in the lake and caught easily with fly or baited hook.
Cutthroat trout are savvier and switchbacks steeper.
Cutthroat trout are visual predators.
Cutthroat trout grow to trophy size in some of the larger lakes.
Cutthroat trouts are trouts.
A cutthroat is a murderer
Cutthroats are available in all of the streams for catch and release fishing.
Cutthroats are green with white specs, and have two red slashes under their gills.
Cutthroats are highly cacheable on almost any trout bait or lure.
Cutthroats are murderers.
Cutthroats seem especially prone to attacking the bright trudes on the move.
Cutthroats seem especially vulnerable.
Cutthroats spawn only once or twice during their entire lifetime.
Cutthroats try to take over the ranch while most of the Barkleys are on a cattle drive.
Most cutting oils are petroleum based.
A cutting tool is a tool
Some cutting tools have replaceable blades to maintain a sharp edge.
Cutting can result in a poor corneal flap.
Cutting continues at a steady pace with good quality available.
Cutting continues at a steady pace.
Cutting continues to increase.
Cutting continues to slow.
Cutting continues with a good supply available.
Cutting continues with fair quality available.
Cutting continues with fair to good quality available.
Cutting continues with good quality and color available.
Cutting continues with good quality and yield available from most fields.
Cutting continues with good quality available.
Cutting continues with wet fields delaying some activity early in the week.
Cutting goes quickly and there is little lost from the thin edge.
Cutting helps prevent circling roots from eventually girdling the trunk.
Cutting remains active with a good volume available.
Cutting remains active with both regular and Italian types available.
Cutting remains active with regular and specialty varieties harvested.
Cutting remains steady.
Cutting requires a lot of coordination.
Cuttings also strike readily.
Cuttings also strike successfully.
Cuttings are a common way to produce plants genetically identical to the parent.
Cuttings are a means of asexual reproduction in plants.
Cuttings are a popular and reliable way of propagating tree and shrub-like aloes.
Cuttings are a sure and simple means of renewal.
Cuttings are actual scenes or distillations of scenes from well-known plays.
Cuttings are also of fast growing trees.
Cuttings are also possible.
Cuttings are also successful using firm, current season's growth.
Cuttings are also successful.
Cuttings are also susceptible.
Cuttings are also very easy.
Cuttings are available for most wells drilled in the state.
Cuttings are available from our licensed propagators.
Cuttings are available to wholesale nurserymen upon request.
Cuttings are biological growth.
Cuttings are clones of the parent.
Cuttings are cut pieces of root, stem and leaves which are planted in nurseries.
Cuttings are difficult to grow.
Cuttings are dilutions.
Cuttings are discolored and rot at the base.
Cuttings are easy to grow and the method requires no more special attention than most other plants.
Cuttings are field cut and parentage is unknown.
Cuttings are from premium selected clones.
Cuttings are generally propa- gated in greenhouses and hotbeds under glass.
Cuttings are generally shaded to prevent excessive water loss and leaf scorching.
Cuttings are hard to strike but are reliable once struck.
Cuttings are hitting.
Cuttings are made from the tip of stems and then placed in perlite or sharp sand.
Cuttings are movement.
Cuttings are now available to growers and breeders.
Cuttings are now ready to be inserted into their rooting medium.
Cuttings are parts.
Cuttings are pieces of cactus stem without roots.
Cuttings are pieces of roots, stems, or leaves develop into new plants under proper conditions.
Cuttings are rooted on the open bench on a soil warming cable.
Cuttings are separatings.
Cuttings are slow and hard to get established.
Cuttings are stalks.
Cuttings are successful but, again, propagating material is very scarce.
Cuttings are taken from the ends of actively growing stems.
Cuttings are taken in the morning when full of moisture.
Cuttings are the fastest , most efficient way of reproducing a plant.
Cuttings are the most suitable method of propagation.
Cuttings are usually slow to strike.
Cuttings are well established and hardened off ready for transplanting.
Cuttings can provide opportunities for reproduction in situations where little seed is available.
Cuttings can rot from the base.
Cuttings can sprout new life from a fading hydrangea .
Cuttings can vary in how long they take to grow their own roots.
Cuttings carry rust.
Cuttings come from plants before their transfer in dark chamber.
Cuttings establish quickly, producing axillary shoots in three to four weeks and then rooting.
Cuttings Follow the general instructions for time of day.
Cuttings generally yield poor results.
Cuttings have the advantage of producing a larger flowering plant faster than seedlings.
Cuttings have the advantage of producing a larger flowering plant quicker than seedlings.
Cuttings made from the stems are probably the most reliable and fastest way of propagating plants.
Cuttings made under water avoid the possibility of an embolism.
Cuttings make a more solid sound, too, less of a 'splat'.
Cuttings produce adventitious roots slowly and require additional auxin to reliably root.
Cuttings produce uniform plants and yields comparable to the mother plant.
Cuttings quickly stabilize disturbed alluvium, allowing other plants to become established.
Cuttings root easily and root division is also a viable method of vegetative propagation.
Cuttings root easily in potting soil, and new cuttings can be made for the following year.
Cuttings root easily in potting soil, and new cuttings can be made for the following years.
Cuttings root easily under normal propagation conditions.
Cuttings root easily.
Cuttings root faster if the bottoms of the pots are kept warm.
Cuttings root like crazy under mist.
Cuttings root quickly in the moist, protected enclosure.
Cuttings root quickly under normal propagation conditions.
Cuttings root quite easily.
Cuttings root readily in sand with gentle bottom heat.
Cuttings root readily.
Cuttings root slowly and with limited success.
Cuttings root slowly.
Cuttings root very easily from semi-hard wood.
Cuttings root well in any sandy mixture.
Cuttings root with ease.
Cuttings rooted from already rooted and thriving plants have a higher success rate.
Cuttings seem to root best when they are between two and eight inches long.
Cuttings Spreads rapidly from cuttings.
Cuttings strike easily.
Cuttings strike reasonably well using firm, current season's growth.
Cuttings strike well using firm, current season's growth.
Cuttings take a long time to root.
Cuttings Take cuttings from non-flowering shoots on many shrubs and climbers.
Cuttings take three to four weeks to develop roots.
Cuttings taken from established plants are easy to root.
Cuttings taken from established plants is the best means of propagation.
Cuttings transplanted to one-gallon pots generally show better growth.
Cuttings work best for woody stemmed or creeping perennials.
Cuttings often die in the winter from frost.
Cuttings often root in live sphagnum, or rock wool.
Cuttings usually root within two weeks.
Cuttings usually strike readily from current season's growth.
All cutting is done outdoors.
All cuttings drop into collection tray in bottom of machine.
Most cutting begins with a slab.
Most cuttings benefit from the addition of a rooting stimulant to hasten the process of rooting.
Most cuttings root best if the cut is made inch below the leaf node.
Some cutting is needed to keep bugs and disease from killing trees with nests of bald eagles.
Some cuttings root easily in water.
Some cuttings root easily, some with difficulty and some never on their own.
Some cuttings root faster than others.
Some cuttings root with difficulty.
A cuttle is a decapod
Cuttles are pretty much a cross between squids and octopuses.
Cuttlefish bone is excellent for keeping the birds beak trim, and is a welcomed treat.
Cuttlefish eyes are among the most developed in the animal kingdom .
Cuttlefish eyes are among the most developed in the animal kingdom.
A cuttlefish is a decapod
Cuttlefish are able to distinguish between different shapes of an object.
Cuttlefish are active predators who feed on other mollusks, fish and crabs.
Cuttlefish are active predators.
Cuttlefish are armed to hunt.
Cuttlefish are carnivores and eat fish, worms, crustaceans, and other mollusks.
Cuttlefish are carnivorous and excellent at capturing prey with their arms.
Cuttlefish are caught for food in Mediterranean , and East Asian cultures .
Cuttlefish are caught for food in Mediterranean, and East Asian cultures.
Cuttlefish are cephalopods that are found in shallow temperate and tropical waters.
Cuttlefish are cephalopods, which means they are in the same class as octopus, squid and nautilus.
Cuttlefish are cephalopods.
Cuttlefish are creatures with many unique anatomic features.
Cuttlefish are dioecious , meaning they have separate male and female sexes.
Cuttlefish are excellent at camouflage.
Cuttlefish are gonochoristic.
Cuttlefish are harvested for their meat.
Cuttlefish are intelligent and make fascinating pets for advanced aquarists.
Cuttlefish are opportunistic hunters and active predators feeding mostly on live prey.
Cuttlefish are predacious carnivorous cephalopods related to squid and octopus.
Cuttlefish are predators eating mostly crustaceans and fish.
Cuttlefish are relatives of octopus and squid.
Cuttlefish are rich in a variety of vitamins and minerals.
Cuttlefish are soft-bodied Mollusks with short, flattened bodies and a large head.
Cuttlefish are the artists of the sea.
Cuttlefish are the most incredible looking creatures.
Cuttlefish are very intelligent creatures.
Cuttlefish do eat a lot, but like most marine creatures they can be overfed.
Cuttlefish eat small molluscs , crabs , shrimp , fish and other cuttlefish .
Cuttlefish eat small molluscs, crabs, shrimp, fish and other cuttlefish.
Cuttlefish have a fin that goes around their body, that looks like a skirt.
Cuttlefish have a large brain are able to remember simple tasks.
Cuttlefish have a mouth with arm-like tentacles arranged in pairs around it.
Cuttlefish have a short lifespan.
Cuttlefish have an internal cuttlebone , made of calcium carbonate .
Cuttlefish have an internal cuttlebone, made of calcium carbonate.
Cuttlefish have an internal skeleton that is commonly used in bird cages.
Cuttlefish have eight arms and two tentacles which can shoot out quickly to capture prey.
Cuttlefish have eight arms and two tentacles.
Cuttlefish have fins that can move very differently than that of other fish's fins.
Cuttlefish have large eyes with a W-shaped lens and a transparent cover and lid.
Cuttlefish have short lifespans.
Cuttlefish have special markings that change colors depending on the circumstances.
Cuttlefish have three hearts to pump their copper-rich blue to green blood.
Cuttlefish have very few interactions.
Cuttlefish is dense with vital minerals.
Cuttlefish is in short supply, and prices are forecast to increase.
Cuttlefish isa mollusc.
Cuttlefish isa mollusk.
Cuttlefish squirt out a cloud of black ink, turn pale and swim fast away from the ink.
Cuttlefishes are indeed perfectly honed hunters.
Cuttlefishes can sense movement in other ways as well.
Cuttlefishes live in the Mediterranean Sea and eastern Atlantic from England to North Africa.
Cuttlefishs are cephalopods.
Cuttlefishs change shapes.
Cuttlefishs eat molluscs.
Cuttlefishs eat small molluscs.
Cuttlefishs have (part) brains.
Cuttlefishs have (part) carapaces.
Cuttlefishs have (part) cell membranes.
Cuttlefishs have (part) cells.
Cuttlefishs have (part) corpi.
Cuttlefishs have (part) cytoplasm.
Cuttlefishs have (part) ears.
Cuttlefishs have (part) faces.
Cuttlefishs have (part) heads.
Cuttlefishs have (part) nuclei.
Cuttlefishs have (part) plasma membranes.
Cuttlefishs have (part) sections.
Cuttlefishs have (part) shellfishes.
Cuttlefishs have (part) shells.
Cuttlefishs have (part) skulls.
Cuttlefishs have (part) vacuoles.
Cuttlefishs have brain size.
Cuttlefishs have brains.
Cuttlefishs have develop brains.
Cuttlefishs have diameters.
Cuttlefishs have eyes.
Cuttlefishs have eyesights.
Cuttlefishs have fins.
Cuttlefishs have good eyesights.
Cuttlefishs have hearts.
Cuttlefishs have internal structures.
Cuttlefishs have lifespans.
Cuttlefishs have long tentacles.
Cuttlefishs have prey.
Cuttlefishs have shells.
Cuttlefishs have short lifespans.
Cuttlefishs have size.
Cuttlefishs have sticky tentacles.
Cuttlefishs have structures.
Cuttlefishs have tentacles.
Cuttlefishs have tongues.
Cuttlefishs hide from predators.
Cuttlefishs live in environments.
Cuttlefishs live in marine environments.
Cuttlefishs live in reefs.
Cuttlefishs live in shallow reefs.
Cuttlefishs live in water.
Cuttlefishs occur in tropical water.
Cuttlefishs occur in water.
Cuttlefishs possess bodies.
Cuttlefishs see light.
Cuttlefishs spray water.
Cuttlefishs use mantle muscles.
Cuttlefishs use muscles.
Cuttlefishs use strong muscles.
All cuttlefish are dioecious, i.e., the sexes are separate.
Most cuttlefish live to about two years.
Most cuttlefishs eat molluscs.
Most cuttlefishs eat small molluscs.
Most cuttlefishs have brain size.
Most cuttlefishs have brains.
Most cuttlefishs have develop brains.
Most cuttlefishs have diameters.
Most cuttlefishs have eyes.
Most cuttlefishs have eyesights.
Most cuttlefishs have fins.
Most cuttlefishs have good eyesights.
Most cuttlefishs have hearts.
Most cuttlefishs have internal structures.
Most cuttlefishs have lifespans.
Most cuttlefishs have long tentacles.
Most cuttlefishs have prey.
Most cuttlefishs have shells.
Most cuttlefishs have short lifespans.
Most cuttlefishs have size.
Most cuttlefishs have sticky tentacles.
Most cuttlefishs have structures.
Most cuttlefishs have tentacles.
Most cuttlefishs have tongues.
Most cuttlefishs hide from predators.
Most cuttlefishs live in environments.
Most cuttlefishs live in marine environments.
Most cuttlefishs live in reefs.
Most cuttlefishs live in shallow reefs.
Most cuttlefishs live in water.
Most cuttlefishs occur in tropical water.
Most cuttlefishs occur in water.
Most cuttlefishs possess bodies.
Most cuttlefishs see light.
Most cuttlefishs use mantle muscles.
Most cuttlefishs use muscles.
Most cuttlefishs use strong muscles.
Some cuttlefishes flash two large, black spots resembling eyes, perhaps to fool potential predators.
Some cuttlefishs are harvested for meat.
Some cuttlefishs belong to families.
Some cuttlefishs change color.
Some cuttlefishs change skin color.
Some cuttlefishs display stun color.
Some cuttlefishs fill chambers.
Some cuttlefishs have ability.
Some cuttlefishs have diagnoses.
Some cuttlefishs have ink.
Some cuttlefishs have internal skeletons.
Some cuttlefishs have potential.
Some cuttlefishs have short lifespans.
Some cuttlefishs have skeletons.
Some cuttlefishs have tricks.
Some cuttlefishs have types.
Some cuttlefishs hide electric fields.
Some cuttlefishs hide fields.
Some cuttlefishs reach maturity.
Some cuttlefishs reach sexual maturity.
Some cuttlefishs receive examinations.
Some cuttlefishs release brown pigment.
Some cuttlefishs rely on eyesights.
Some cuttlefishs show interest.
Some cuttlefishs spread arms.
Some cuttlefishs use beaks.
Some cuttlefishs use cavities.
Some cuttlefishs use color patterns.
Some cuttlefishs use mantle cavities.
Some cuttlefishs use patterns.
Cuttyhunk harbor is protected from the south by an exposed sand bar with a breakwater at the end.
A cutwork is needlecraft
Cutwork is a very old technique that has enjoyed a resurgence of interest over the past few years.
Cutworm activity is spotty, but definitely out there in the fields.
Cutworm activity occurs mostly in late afternoon.
Cutworm larvae curl up tightly in a spiral shape when disturbed.
Cutworm larvae stop feeding and seek concealed areas to spend the winter during mid-fall.
A cutworm is a caterpillar
Cutworms are a frequent problem in Montana.
Cutworms are a group of caterpillars that cut seedling plants off at or below the soil surface.
Cutworms are active at night and are either in the soil or under residue during the heat of the day.
Cutworms are active at night.
Cutworms are active on golf course putting greens.
Cutworms are among the most difficult insect pests of corn to control.
Cutworms are caterpillars.
Cutworms are easiest to control when they are small.
Cutworms are famous for cutting off the plants right at the base.
Cutworms are gray or dull brown fat caterpillars.
Cutworms are inactive during the day, hiding under clods of soil.
Cutworms are located in lawns.
Cutworms are most active and cause the most damage during spring and early summer months.
Cutworms are nocturnal and burrow into the soil during the day.
Cutworms are nocturnal and spend the day resting in shallow burrows in the soil near a host plant.
Cutworms are occasional pests that are treated with pyrethroids to limit the amount of damage.
Cutworms are pests.
Cutworms are plump, smooth and often, greasy-looking.
Cutworms are primarily active at night.
Cutworms are still active.
Cutworms are stout caterpillars with a dull, greasy appearance.
Cutworms are the larval form of moths.
Cutworms are the soil-dwelling larvae of certain moths.
Cutworms attack many vegetable crops, grasses, and field crops such as cotton, corn, and peanuts.
Cutworms can be a problem for seedlings.
Cutworms can be a serious problem for transplants.
Cutworms can be difficult to control, but understanding their behavior can help.
Cutworms can be difficult to scout for because infestations are often irregularly distributed.
Cutworms can be extremely frustrating to the grower because they are difficult to detect.
Cutworms can enter a greenhouse as moths which fly in and deposit eggs.
Cutworms can girdle young seedlings.
Cutworms can occasionally infest soybean fields and cause stand loss.
Cutworms can remove the soft green outer layer from the predominately woody stem.
Cutworms can sever the seedling.
Cutworms cleave seedlings off at or just below the soil line.
Cutworms damage cotton in the seedling stage by cutting the plants off at the ground.
Cutworms damage young plants by chewing on the stem slightly above or below ground.
Cutworms develop in weedy areas, later moving into an alfalfa field.
Cutworms develop through five to eight larval instars.
Cutworms eat holes in the base of the immature fruit.
Cutworms excavate a hole into the ground to hide during the day.
Cutworms feed at night and hide in the soil or under debris during the day.
Cutworms feed at night and hide in the soil or under piles of debris during the day.
Cutworms feed at night.
Cutworms feed mainly at night.
Cutworms feed on a great variety of plants.
Cutworms feed on a variety of hosts.
Cutworms feed on and destroy large patches of anemone.
Cutworms feed on grass blades and cut plants off near the soil surface.
Cutworms feed on leaves of seedlings.
Cutworms feed primarily at night or on cloudy days.
Cutworms generally curl up as illustrated when disturbed.
Cutworms have a wide host range and most field crops are acceptable hosts.
Cutworms have many predators and parasites that help control their numbers.
Cutworms have one to four generations per year depending upon the species.
Cutworms hide by day but can be found by scratching the soil from the base of affected plants.
Cutworms hide during the day and are found on the plants mostly at night.
Cutworms hide under debris or in the soil during the day and are found on the plant only at night.
Cutworms injure established fields by cutting off new growth or feeding on foliage.
Cutworms migrate into newly planted crops from surrounding weeds or infested crops.
Cutworms munch right through tender seedlings at ground level.
Cutworms pass the winter months in the larval stage.
Cutworms primarily feed at night.
Cutworms pupate in the soil.
Cutworms sleep by day and work by night.
Cutworms often recur in the same fields and areas from year to year.
Cutworms often tunnel into a stalk, but from the ground level.
Cutworms sometimes feed on young plants.
Cutworms usually do their feeding at night and hide in the soil around the plant during the day.
Cutworms usually feed at night and rest on the surface debris during the day.
Cutworms usually feed at night.
Many cutworms develop in high grass surrounding putting greens, crawling onto greens when larger.
Most cutworms are a dull color and have practically no hair.
Most cutworms are gray to black and curl up when disturbed.
Most cutworms pass the winter as partially grown larvae.
Some cutworms climb the host and feed on unopened buds.
CVs absolutely require special extreme-pressure lubricant.
CVs are available upon request.
CVs are binary systems that consist of an normal star and a white dwarf.
CVs are different, VERY different.
CVs are downloadable at no additional charge, and contain expert phone numbers and addresses.
CVs can also exhibit outbursts on the time scale of weeks to months.
CVs come in all lengths.
CVs often form the basis for the employer's questions.
Most CVs are less than a year old.
CWEP sponsors are limited to federal, local, state and nonprofit agencies.
A cwt is a mass unit
CwT receives no statutory funding and consequently finances are always on a knife-edge.
Cyan blobs are bullish divergence and magenta are bearish divergence.
Cyan blobs are bullish divergence and magenta blobs are bearish divergence.
Cyan blobs are bullish divergence.
Cyan contours represent hydrogen atoms.
Cyan entries are tutorials.
Cyan squares indicate grid points where the algorithm failed to converge.
A cyan is teal
CYAN continues to sponsor contests and provide support.
A cyanamide is a compound
Cyanamide is an organic amide.
Cyanide fishing is also a profitable enterprise for investors and boat owners.
Cyanide fishing is common in the South Pacific and Southeast Asia.
Cyanide fishing poses a serious threat to some of the world's most diverse coral reefs.
Cyanide poisoning can occur very quickly and with deadly results.
Cyanide poisoning is an intoxication
Cyanide poisoning refers to harmful effects of inhaling hydrogen cyanide or of ingesting cyanides.
A cyanide process is an industrial process
Cyanide process revolutionizes gold and silver mining.
Cyanide acts as an agent to separate the rock from gold.
Cyanide increases reduction but decreases sequestration of methylene blue by endothelial cells.
Cyanide is an organic compound
Cyanide is chemical compounds.
Cyanide is inanimate objects.
Cyanide is salt.
Cyanide is toxic substances.
Cyanide pawprints all over the house.
Cyanide runs straight up the water groove to the tree at the summit.
Cyanide taken in the diet is detoxified in the body, resulting in the production of thiocyanate.
Cyanides are both man-made and naturally occurring substances.
Cyanides are highly toxic.
Cyanides are in liquid state in munitions but rapidly vaporize upon detonation of the munitions.
Cyanides are less soluble than acetates.
Cyanides can form if nitrogen is heated with carbon in the presence of alkalies or barium oxide.
Most cyanides come from industrial processes and are hazardous.
Most cyanoacrylate adhesives contain impurities.
Cyanoacrylate monomer is made from a complex chemical process.
A cyanobacteria is a bacteria
Cyanobacteria are able to convert atmospheric nitrogen to a form plants can use.
Cyanobacteria are able to use carbon dioxide as a source of carbon.
Cyanobacteria are among the most primitive groups of organisms.
Cyanobacteria are different in many important ways from other photosynthetic prokaryotes.
Cyanobacteria are examples of bacteria that use light and carbion dioxide.
Cyanobacteria are in most environments on Earth .
Cyanobacteria are in most environments on Earth.
Cyanobacteria are megascopic.
Cyanobacteria are photosynthetic bacteria.
Cyanobacteria are photosynthetic organisms belonging to the Moneran kingdom.
Cyanobacteria are photosynthetic.
Cyanobacteria are phototrophic.
Cyanobacteria are present in many different forms.
Cyanobacteria are prokaryotic oxygenic phototrophs that contain chlorophyll a and phycobilins.
Cyanobacteria are responsible for putting oxygen into the atmosphere, and are evidently very old.
Cyanobacteria are thus autotrophic producers of their own food from simple raw materials.
Cyanobacteria can be unicellular, branched or filamentous.
Cyanobacteria comprise a large and morphologically heterogeneous group of phototrophic Bacteria.
Cyanobacteria congregate on or near the water surface.
Cyanobacteria contain a characteristic pigment which gives the group their blue-green coloration.
Cyanobacteria contain only one form of chlorophyll , chlorophyll a, a green pigment.
Cyanobacteria contain photosynthetic pigments.
Cyanobacteria contain pigments.
Cyanobacteria contain the chlorophyll a photosynthetic pigment, as do the algae.
Cyanobacteria contain the organelle chlorophyll.
Cyanobacteria contribute a lot to our planet.
Cyanobacteria create sticky materials that bind soil particles together.
Cyanobacteria exhibit remarkable ecophysiological adaptations to global change.
Cyanobacteria exist almost everywhere and have been around since the emergence of life on Earth.
Cyanobacteria exist in many environments including soil, marine and freshwater.
Cyanobacteria extract reducing equivalents from water, i.e., they oxidise water to oxygen.
Cyanobacteria fix nitrogen and provide organic nitrogen.
Cyanobacteria fix nitrogen in aquatic ecosystems.
Cyanobacteria form blue-green, blue, green or dark brown blooms.
Cyanobacteria have a much higher cell-specific production of alkaline phosphatase than do algae.
Cyanobacteria however are photosynthetic and can produce new organic matter.
Cyanobacteria isa bacterium.
Cyanobacteria look blackish.
Cyanobacteria looks like algae, and some forms are toxic.
Cyanobacteria never have flagella.
Cyanobacteria occur as single cells or as filaments.
Cyanobacteria perform asexual reproduction by forming thick walled cells.
Cyanobacteria produce both liver and brain toxins that can be as potent as cobra snake venom.
Cyanobacteria provide soluble nitrates for the reef via nitrogen fixation .
Cyanobacteria reproduce by fission.
Cyanobacteria reproduce mostly by vegetative and asexual methods.
Cyanobacteria serve as food for human consumption like spirulina and also for aquatic animals.
Cyanobacteria use chlorophyll a and produce oxygen as a byproduct of noncyclic photophosphorylation.
Cyanobacteria use phycobiliproteins to absorb light energy.
Cyanobacterias are bacteriums.
Cyanobacterias have (part) cell membranes.
Cyanobacterias have (part) cells.
Cyanobacterias have (part) corpi.
Cyanobacterias have (part) cytoplasm.
Cyanobacterias have (part) flagella.
Cyanobacterias have (part) nuclei.
Cyanobacterias have (part) plasma membranes.
Cyanobacterias have (part) sections.
Cyanobacterias have (part) vacuoles.
Most cyanobacteria are free-living while others have a symbiotic relationship with plants.
Most cyanobacteria perform oxygenic photosynthesis like higher plants.
Some cyanobacteria are also capable of nitrogen fixation.
Some cyanobacteria can have symbiotic relationships, but some can be harmful to the host.
Some cyanobacteria live on the surface of seaweeds and sea- grasses.
Cyanobacterial blooms are highly visible, widespread indicators of eutrophication.
Cyanobacterial blooms cause heating of the sea surface.
Cyanobacterial blooms occur when algae that are normally present grow exuberantly.
Cyanobacterial poisoning is caused by a variety of toxins, including microcystins and anatoxins.
A cyanocobalamin is a B vitamin
Cyanocobalamin is also available as tablet and oral liquid presentations.
Cyanogens get their name from the cyanide stored within their tissues.
Cyanogenic glycosides are stored in inactive forms in plant vacuoles .
More cyanotic patients have greater obstruction and a softer murmur.
Cyatholipid spiders are among the dominant web building spiders in Afromontane forests.
A cyberart is art
Cyberart transforms art from paint to electrons.
A cybercafe is a cafe
Cybercafes are cafes or restaurants that combine the virtues of food and computing.
Cybercafes are cafes.
Cybercafes exist in the main cities.
Cybercafes serve the nation's agenda to create a computer literate society.
All cybercafes boast the latest desktop technology.
Most cybercafes charge a fee for Internet access.
Some cybercafes sponsor narrowcast radio or television performances over the Web.
Cybercrime today is focused on corporate espionage and financial gain.
A cybercrime is crime
Cybercrime has a tendency to be cyclical.
Cybercrime has many faces and cuts across all borders.
Cybercrime is a growing concern of both industry and government, as both are vulnerable to attacks.
Cybercrime is a serious issue.
Cybercrime is an area where vigilance is key.
Cybercrime is an issue which many countries feel strongly about.
Cybercrime is on the rise in Singapore .
Cybercrime is one of the fastest-growing criminal activities on the planet.
Cybercrime is one of the fastest-growing criminal activities.
Cybercrime is the wave of the future.
Cybercrimes are a growth industry.
Cybercrimes are crime.
A cyberculture is culture
Cyberculture combines the advantages of oral and written communication.
Cyberculture is broad, deep, and in a constant state of flux .
Cyberculture is broad, deep, and in a constant state of flux, just like any other cultures.
Cyberculture is deep .
Cyberculture is deep.
Cyberculture is in a constant state of flux .
Cyberculture is in turn affecting our real life culture.
Cyberculture is the culture of communication that has grown around the Internet.
Cyberculture is worthy of much more careful analysis .
Cyberculture obviously tends towards a greater role of the level of virtual communities.
Cybercultures are culture.
Cyberlibertarian ideology contributes to the corporate juggernaut.
A cybernaut is a computer user
Cybernauts are computer users.
Cybernauts can only applaud efforts toward standardization and improvement of Web content quality.
Cybernauts can strike it rich at the start of the day and wind up, at sundown, shirtless.
Cybernauts say the law shows how little ham-fisted bureaucrats understand cyberspace.
All cybernauts begin as newbies.
Cybernetic feedback makes systems adapt directly to their environment.
Cybernetic models fail to explain how meaning emerges in social interaction.
All cybernetic part have a chance to be rejected by the host.
Cybernetic processes regulate functions in the bodies of men and animals and also in vegetals.
Cybernetic systems are complex structures, with many heterogeneous interacting components.
Cybernetic systems are rich in internal and external feedback , both positive and negative.
Cybernetic systems deal primarily with communication and control.
Most cyberpet creators have strict rules against changing their graphics in any way.
A cyberphobia is simple phobia
Cyberphobia is the fear of computers or working on computers.
A cyberpunk is an author
Cyberpunk explores the fusion between man and machine.
Cyberpunk has little patience with borders.
Cyberpunk intuitively understands that technical culture is moving very fast.
Cyberpunk is a subset of science fiction, which is a subset of popular culture.
Cyberpunk is about technological implosion, miniaturization, and synaesthetic media.
Cyberpunk is almost never happy, and usually leaves the reader in a 'life sucks' mood.
Cyberpunk is also the name of an online game.
Cyberpunk is endless skimming.
Cyberpunk is fairly individualistic and anti-authoritarian.
Cyberpunk is hot.
Cyberpunk is psychology of technology.
Cyberpunk is quick and dirty when it comes to survival.
Cyberpunk meets magical realism.
Cyberpunk narrates a new human subject who can interface with cybernetic technology.
Cyberpunk requires a punkish mood.
Cyberpunk sans computers and halucinations sans drugs.
Cyberpunk traditionally focuses on settings where there is little hope beyond individual survival.
Cyberpunks are at the core of the net and spend an extensive amount of time on their computers.
Cyberpunks are everywhere.
Cyberpunks are hackers, crackers, and phreakers.
Cyberpunks are science fiction.
Cyberpunks are writers.
Cyberpunks come in three different genders being hackers, crackers and phreakers.
Cyberpunks do exist here in australia.
Cyberpunks feel that privacy is paramount.
Cyberpunks hang out on the net.
Cyberpunks know there's something wrong and they use whats wrong.
Cyberpunks spend way to much time at their computers.
Cyberpunks use all available data input to think for themselves.
Cyberpunks use all available data-input to think for themselves.
Cyberpunks sometimes have a romantic fascination with hacking into other peoples' computers.
Many cyberpunks are the best and brightest of the computer hacker evolutionary chain.
A cybersex is sexual arousal
Cybersex can be great, it can also be a drag.
Cybersex comes in many different forms, all of which are computer-mediated tools to become aroused.
Cybersex gives birth to a psychological disorder.
Cybersex offers dynamic orgasms rather than fixed and static fabrication of preexisting stereotypes.
Cybersexs are sexual arousal.
All cybersex is safe sex.
A cyberspace is a computer network
Cyberspace bristles with health information.
Cyberspace retreat for women of substance.
Most cyberspaces start by a surrounding of an idea by people that want to discuss it.
Cybertext authors create electronic work with numerous other programs.
Cybertronian brains make the most powerful supercomputers of Earth seem like broken abacii.
A cyborg is a machine
Cyborgs are an amalgam of flesh and hardware.
Cyborgs are combinations of people and animals or machines.
Cyborgs are ether, quintessence.
Cyborgs are everywhere, multiplying.
Cyborgs are fantasies.
Cyborgs are human and machine at the same time.
Cyborgs are human beings that are evolving into machines.
Cyborgs are machines.
Cyborgs are no exception.
Cyborgs are partly creatures from social reality, and partly fictive beings.
Cyborgs comprise more than the sum of their parts, which can be either physical or informational.
Cyborgs created by tax dodging corporations go insane and randomly kill innocents.
Cyborgs sigh for cyberspace .
Some cyborgs can pass as human, while others look more like machines.
Cycad seeds have layers.
A cycad is a gymnosperm
Cycad isa gymnosperm.
Cycads adapt to drought.
Cycads are a group of plants that are very primitive in their origins.
Cycads are a group of trees that have very large cones.
Cycads are able to accumulate resources from a much larger area than cyanobacterial colonies.
Cycads are also available at most local nurseries.
Cycads are among the oldest seed plants and even pre-date the dinosaurs .
Cycads are an old lineage.
Cycads are arranged into numerous families and genera.
Cycads are basic woody plants with roots, a stem, leaves, and reproductive cones.
Cycads are basically caudiciform succulents.
Cycads are beautiful and fascinating plants for the home garden in tropical and subtropical areas.
Cycads are considered as status symbols all over the world.
Cycads are cycads.
Cycads are dioecious , with separate male and female individuals.
Cycads are dioecious and produce cones or sporangia borne on open sporophylls.
Cycads are dioecious, having both males and females.
Cycads are dioecious, having separate male and female plants.
Cycads are distributed throughout the world but are concentrated in equatorial regions.
Cycads are evergreens.
Cycads are extinct according to one biology dictionary.
Cycads are found across much of the subtropical and tropical parts of the world.
Cycads are gymnosperms a bear large, conspicuous cones.
Cycads are gymnosperms that produce seeds most often in cones.
Cycads are gymnosperms.
Cycads are heavy feeders, and respond well to a good nutrient supply.
Cycads are important for landscaping, and add nitrogen to the soil for other plants.
Cycads are insect pollinated, unlike other gymnosperms, which generally are wind-pollinated.
Cycads are large palm tree lookalikes with a large cone in the center.
Cycads are long living and slow growing.
Cycads are more expensive than other landscape plants because they are relatively slow growers.
Cycads are native to tropical and subtropical regions of the world.
Cycads are neither dicot or monocot.
Cycads are of cultural and religious significance to many different peoples around the world.
Cycads are old.
Cycads are palm-like trees that live in warm climates.
Cycads are particularly nice for shipping.
Cycads are plants which are often confused with ferns or palms, but are closely related to neither.
Cycads are rare and female mature cycads produce seeds are sought after by everyone.
Cycads are rare for a number of reasons.
Cycads are seed plants characterized by a large crown of compound leaves and a stout trunk.
Cycads are source of food for many animals.
Cycads are succulents basically and many can be grown similarly to how one grows most succulents.
Cycads are the dominant plants and conifers also common.
Cycads are the most ancient plants on earth existing today.
Cycads are to the left.
Cycads are trees.
Cycads are tropical plants that look a little like palm trees.
Cycads are true gymnosperms, plants bearing seeds without having true flowers.
Cycads are unique because they are coned, seed bearing plants.
Cycads are universally dioecious.
Cycads are woody plants which produce seeds.
Cycads are woody, long-lived, unisexual plants.
Cycads are, in general, toxic, inedible plants.
Cycads bear naked seeds on sporophylls, leaves specialized for reproduction.
Cycads can be male or female plants, i.e., cycads are dioecious by nature.
Cycads can reproduce via asexual or sexual reproduction.
Cycads can take several places or be used in several ways in a landscape.
Cycads certainly have a distinctive appearance which is related to their primitiveness or antiquity.
Cycads develop trunks.
Cycads die within few weeks.
Cycads die within weeks.
Cycads display a number of important biotic interactions.
Cycads do best in areas with a moderate climate.
Cycads do make interesting garden or lawn specimens.
Cycads do well in terra cotta pots with a cactus mix or potting soil .
Cycads feed the poor and wow the rich.
Cycads fix atmospheric nitrogen, important in maintaining health and fertility of soils.
Cycads grow extraordinarily slowly.
Cycads grow fern or palmlike leaves.
Cycads grow in a few warm, moist sections of Africa, Asia, and Central America.
Cycads grow in a number of different habitats.
Cycads grow in a number of tropical and subtropical climates.
Cycads grow in places.
Cycads grow in tropical and subtropical regions.
Cycads grow more like succulents than they do like palms.
Cycads have (part) cell membranes.
Cycads have (part) cells.
Cycads have (part) corpi.
Cycads have (part) cytoplasm.
Cycads have (part) nuclei.
Cycads have (part) plasma membranes.
Cycads have (part) sections.
Cycads have (part) vacuoles.
Cycads have a bare, central trunk that is topped by a crown of long leaves.
Cycads have a cylindrical, usually unbranched, trunk of spongy wood.
Cycads have a long history in gardens in several parts of Asia.
Cycads have considerable economic importance in horticulture.
Cycads have cylindrical woody stem without branches.
Cycads have epidermal cells with straight margins, thin cuticle, and irregularly oriented stomata.
Cycads have length.
Cycads have male and female cones borne on different individual plants.
Cycads have one of two growth habits.
Cycads have palmlike leaves.
Cycads have tough spiny leaves with a fibrous stem.
Cycads have trunks.
Cycads have very thick leaves, that look like very tough versions of fern fronds.
Cycads look a lot like palm trees, but they are gymnosperms, and palm trees are angiosperms.
Cycads look like palm trees.
Cycads look like trees.
Cycads make an excellent accent in sun and shade.
Cycads make very large ovules and swimming sperm.
Cycads occupy poor habitats and are almost extinct.
Cycads offer a counterpoint to angiosperm ecology.
Cycads produce abundant pollen.
Cycads produce cones, while ferns produce spores.
Cycads produce pollen.
Cycads produce small seeds that are covered with yellow or reddish flesh.
Cycads produce specific smell which attracts beetles and ensures successful pollination.
Cycads provide a variety of materials, including thatch, food, medicines and ornamental plants.
Cycads reproduce sexually by cones.
Cycads reproduce when mature by the production of cones.
Cycads require rainfall.
Cycads tend to handle being sprayed with pesticides fairly well.
Cycads tend to have an episodic growth pattern, with each flush of new leaves emerging all at once.
Cycads typically die from the bottom up.
All cycads are dioecious, that is to say, separate male and female plants exist.
All cycads are dioecious, which means they are either male or female, and never both.
All cycads are dioecious.
All cycads are tropical or subtropical and each genus has a restricted geographic range.
All cycads are tropical or subtropical and each genus has a restricted geographical range.
All Cycads have special roots that grow upright and branch.
Many cycads contain carcinogens or neurotoxins or both.
Many cycads face imminent extinction.
Many cycads have sharp spines on their leathery leaves for protection.
Most cycads adapt to drought.
Most cycads develop trunks.
Most cycads die within few weeks.
Most cycads die within weeks.
Most cycads grow in places.
Most cycads have length.
Most cycads have wide, short trunks and frond-like leaves .
Most cycads look like palm trees.
Most cycads look like trees.
Most cycads produce abundant pollen.
Most cycads produce pollen.
Most cycads require rainfall.
Some cycads are trees.
Some cycads are worth a lot of money.
Some cycads attain height.
Some cycads exhibit continuous growth.
Some cycads exhibit growth.
Some cycads grow in gorges.
Some cycads grow in habitats.
Some cycads grow in mud.
Some cycads grow in pure sand.
Some cycads grow in sand.
Some cycads grow in similar habitats.
Some cycads grow in thick mud.
Some cycads grow in thick wet mud.
Some cycads grow in wet mud.
Some cycads have adequate fertilizer.
Some cycads have fertilizer.
Some cycads have high potential.
Some cycads have potential.
Some cycads have sharp teeth.
Some cycads have teeth.
Some cycads live for years.
Some cycads prefer partial shades.
Some cycads prefer shades.
Some cycads produce leaves.
Some cycads produce toxins.
Cyclamen are available in a wide range of bloom colors and flower for an extended period of time.
Cyclamen are colorful, easy to grow flowering plants for the winter season.
Cyclamen are especially good in fast-draining containers in filtered dappled light.
Cyclamen come from the Mediterranean , from Spain to Iran .
Cyclamen come from the Mediterranean, from Spain to Iran.
Cyclamen has attractive foliage and white, pink or red flowers.
Cyclamen have very few insect problems other than mites.
Cyclamen prefer bright indirect light and love humid air.
Cyclamen prefer cool temperatures and bright indirect light.
Cyclamen prefer cool temperatures and bright light, but no direct sunlight.
Cyclamen really are one of the nicest indoor blooming plants around.
Cyclamen -Reddish exotic flower.
Cyclamen require very bright light, which is difficult to provide in some homes.
Cyclamen resemble butterflies landed on decorative dark green rounded leaves.
Cyclamen thrive under high humidity.
Most cyclamen prefer at least partial shade.
Cyclamen mite is back.
Cyclamen mite prevents young plants from forming normal flower buds.
Cyclamen mites are mites.
Cyclamen mites are pests.
Cyclamen mites are primarily pests in second year plantings.
Cyclamen mites are serious pest of strawberries.
Cyclamen mites are shiny and elliptical in shape with four pair of legs.
A cyclamen is a flower
Cyclamen does well in a cool room with good air circulation but no drafts.
Cyclamen endures cold, wet soil.
Cyclamen is highly susceptible.
Cyclamen is one of the most attractive plants available.
Cyclamen mites cause much distortion of the growing tips.
Cyclamen mites cause tuberous begonia and cyclamen flowers to be discolored or to shrivel or wilt.
Cyclamen mites needs certain humidity level which they find in the folded leaves.
Cyclamen mites overwinter as adult females in the strawberry crown.
Cyclamens also love moisture.
Cyclamens are flowers.
Cyclamens are plants.
Cycle counting is different.
Cycle counting is supported.
Cycle helmets appear to be effective.
Cycle helmets are a means of slightly reducing head injury if an accident occurs.
Cycle helmets are available for a small additional charge.
Cycle Life is dependent upon usage conditions and type of charger used.
Cycle life is the total mumber of cycles a battery yields.
Cycle polo is already an international sport, with a large following in India and south east Asia.
A cycle rickshaw is a velocipede
Cycle rickshaws are also available.
Most cycle tourist seem to be using mountain bikes which cope with the extra stain of panniers fine.
Cycle analyses and efficiencies for engine components and for the different engine types.
Cycle begins with starting, continues through full-power, and ends with shutdown.
Cycle can take two years.
Cycle continues high, proceed accordingly.
Cycle continues high.
Cycle counts inventory in warehouse by location.
Cycle follows cycle.
Cycle hire and a horse carriage for kids are available.
Cycle hire and adjacent coastal trail.
Cycle hire and cassette guides available.
Cycle hire available locally.
Cycle Hire Available Please ask for details.
Cycle hire available.
Cycle Hire including mountain bikes.
Cycle hire is available by the hour and there are many safe cycle tracks to explore.
Cycle hire is available everywhere.
Cycle hire is available.
Cycle hire, servicing and sales, outdoor gear, maps and guides.
Cycle is fragmentary.
Cycle is high, applies to areas of life that include romance.
Cycle is irregular.
Cycle is nice.
Cycle is over a three loop, rough surface, generally windy circuit.
Cycle is positive.
Cycle is repeated hundreds of times a night.
Cycle is repeated when venous blood is brought back to right atrium.
Cycle isa interval.
Cycle mar life cladophora cycle.
Cycle moves up.
Cycle occurs in the matrix of the mitochondria.
Cycle offers unbeatable career growth opportunities to qualified candidates.
Cycle quickly creates a safe and healthy aquatic environment.
Cycle repeats itself.
Cycle Replaces f with the next item on the function list.
Cycle Res .
Cycle returns the kind of tabulator controlling.
Cycle round the island.
Cycle See loop .
Cycle sequencing protocols require nanogram amounts of template.
Cycle specializes in file-intensive database applications.
Cycle starts again.
Cycle starts over.
Cycle starts when doors are closed.
Cycle steal actually steals a clock cycle from the CPU to do the refresh.
Cycles allow emergence.
Cycles also affect our health, particularly our hunger, reproduction, and sleep patterns.
Cycles also can take turns at dominance.
Cycles also vary in strength.
Cycles are a probability-reality is what is on the chart.
Cycles are a very powerful analytical tool for identifying trends and trend reversals.
Cycles are a very rare form of corruption in which a subdirectory has itself for an ancestor.
Cycles are actually spirals at a closer look.
Cycles are alternatings.
Cycles are automatic if desired.
Cycles are available all year round.
Cycles are basically waves, with tops and bottoms.
Cycles are central to hypertext and to baseball.
Cycles are closed matter flow systems.
Cycles are common on our planet.
Cycles are continuous and rich.
Cycles are essentially forever.
Cycles are fine.
Cycles are fundamental in nature and influence the thoughts of Indian peoples.
Cycles are important aspects upon which their cultures are based.
Cycles are important to our everyday lives.
Cycles are imprecise.
Cycles are inevitable and even good for TV, say some industry insiders.
Cycles are metabolic pathways.
Cycles are often greater than six weeks in length, with eight or fewer periods in a year.
Cycles are part of life, and so is development.
Cycles are possible in the state space graph.
Cycles are produced by human action in pursuit of purpose.
Cycles are repeats.
Cycles are serieses.
Cycles are the key to understanding Balinese culture.
Cycles are the large and small, long and short, repetitive aspects of rural life.
Cycles are the orbits of the planets around the Sun.
Cycles are time intervals.
Cycles are utterly bad, and almost always imply that the interface design is incorrect.
Cycles can be comforting, seemingly satisfying, disturbing things.
Cycles can be longer, shorter, or irregular.
Cycles can last for months or even years.
Cycles can only tow a trailer.
Cycles can range from less than one to five minutes.
Cycles can undergo bifurcations as well.
Cycles change so quickly.
Cycles continue into the L.Jurassic, but in one cycle most of Triassic types vanish .
Cycles determine onset of illness and date of death.
Cycles do in fact exist in the markets.
Cycles ensure survival.
Cycles exist in an ecosystem.
Cycles exist in financial markets.
Cycles exist in the stock market and always have existed.
Cycles exist which restore nutrients to the systems.
Cycles generated by the applet always start with the smallest element.
Cycles have (part) phase angles.
Cycles have no doors.
Cycles have some similarities with equilibrium points.
Cycles indicate recursive procedures.
Cycles make perfect thermodynamic sense.
Cycles offer a unique opportunity to uncover value before it is apparent to the general public.
Cycles pervade baseball.
Cycles plans to provide customers with further riding solutions to enhance ease of riding.
Cycles play an important part in the variation of hog prices over time.
Cycles range from city cycles, to mountain bikes and trikes to scooters.
Cycles refer to the amount of time the clothes spend agitating.
Cycles rental, horse riding on site .
Cycles responses to our needs.
Cycles rule the redwood world.
Cycles show very different variations in activity.
Cycles shows during cum dasycladales, chlorophyta.
Cycles start together at birth and continue for rest of life.
Cycles turn while the far stars burn, And people and planets age.
Cycles vary among different types of irrigation systems.
Cycles vary depending on the age of the abductee.
All cycles are edge-magic.
All cycles have advantages and dis-advantages.
All cycles have their own timing.
All cycles relate to wheels, to endlessly moving circles becoming spirals.
Any cycle associated with a year is associated with the earth's orbit around the sun.
Any cycle lasting from twenty to thirty six days is considered normal.
Every cycle claimed by the meta scheduler is trackable and accountable.
Every cycle has growing pains.
Every cycle is a circuit, and every circuit is a closed walk.
Every cycle is a learning experience.
Every cycle is an even cycle.
Every cycle is drawn, when possible, as a regular polygon in space.
Every cycle is new, unique.
Every cycle represents a symbol.
More cycles mean a greater yield of product.
More cycles means more space for economic activity rather than parking cars.
Most cycles contain action, each action a test of the assumptions which underlie it.
Most cycles have the fork stop angle set to a value just slightly before that point of rotation.
Some cycles are long, very long, short, or very short.
Some cycles are more obvious than others.
Some cycles really do exist.
Some cycles seem like they blend into one another like ketchup blends into mayonnaise.
Cyclic action is implied by both.
Cyclic amp activates an atp-conductive pathway in cultured shark rectal gland cells.
Cyclic behavior is ubiquitous.
Cyclic compaction improves overall density and internal uniformity.
Cyclic compounds are very important.
Cyclic compounds can be partly or completely conjugated .
Cyclic compounds can be partly or completely conjugated.
Cyclic coordinates take on their literal meaning.
Cyclic data is no exception.
Cyclic effects are part of the basic fire and flood rules.
Cyclic evolution proceeds.
Cyclic fatigue is often the nemesis.
All cyclic groups are abelian.
Cyclic irrigation has the potential to improve water and nutrient efficacy in container production.
Cyclic irrigation is practical only when automated.
Cyclic loading can result in cracking followed by catastrophic failure.
Cyclic nature does insinuate itself into human awareness and is so noted.
Cyclic neutropenia is a rare congenital granulocytopoietic disorder.
Cyclic neutropenia is associated with mouth ulcers during neutropenic periods.
Cyclic neutropenia is neutropenia
Cyclic neutropenia tends to occur every three weeks and last three to six days at a time.
Cyclic nucleotides mediate an odor-evoked potassium conductance in lobster olfactory receptor cells.
Cyclic operation is used to optimize oxygen delivery and mixing.
Cyclic pain appears to be related to the female hormones estrogen, progesterone and prolactin.
Cyclic pathways occur in many different metabolic reaction schemes.
Cyclic rate depends on displacements.
Some cyclic reaction takes places.
Cyclic religions have the idea of birth, death and rebirth, with reincarnation a major theme.
Cyclic temperatures are more natural but their effects on dipteran larval growth are ambiguous.
Cyclic twins are caused by repeated twinning around a rotation axis.
Cyclic vomiting is difficult to diagnose and needs to be treated by a specialist.
Some cyclical activities affect patterns.
Some cyclical activities affect weather patterns.
Cyclical animations appear seamless and ongoing.
Cyclical changes occur in the human body all the time - every hour, every day, every month.
Some cyclical concepts have resources which include looping animations.
Cyclical deficits arise out of recessions.
Cyclical historians believe that they have found a universal explanatory principle for history.
Cyclical history means that history repeats itself or goes through ever recurring phases or stages.
Cyclical industries tend to have higher betas.
Many cyclical industries produce durable goods such as raw materials and heavy equipment.
Cyclical passwords are easy to guess.
Cyclical positions continue to diverge significantly.
Many cyclical processes identified in nature serve the same purpose.
Cyclical references are no protection.
Cyclical schedules repeat monthly.
Cyclical stocks are shares of companies that are highly dependent on the state of the economy.
Cyclical stocks are stocks that are greatly affected by changes in the business cycle.
Cyclical stocks fall because the economy is weakening.
Cyclical trauma becomes the hallmark for decades on end.
Cyclical trends are well documented, with data going back in some cases, several hundred years.
Cyclical unemployment is associated with recessions.
Cyclical unemployment is due to a. technology change or foreign competition.
Cyclical unemployment is the temporary unemployment caused by recessions.
Cyclical unemployment is zero, but frictional and structural unemployment are positive.
Cyclical unemployment occurs when the economy goes into recession.
Cyclin expression limits root growth and development.
Cyclin levels drop to allow continuation of meiosis.
Cyclin levels oscillate during the cell cycle, with a peak occurring during mitosis.
Cyclin synthesis controls the progression of meiotic maturation in mouse oocytes.
Cycling advocacy is for cyclists.
Cycling advocacy is most effective where it is incorporated in mainstream thinking.
Some cycling clubs are more serious than others.
Cycling gloves are a matter of comfort but good ones absorb road shock and prevent numbness.
Cycling gloves are also a good idea.
Cycling gloves are another essential.
Cycling gloves are essential for the hard rider.
Cycling gloves help prevent handlebar palsy and protect hands from abrasion in a fall.
Cycling infrastructure has to be deemed worth the expenditure of resources.
Cycling shoes come in some pretty wild colors.
A cycling is a sport
Cycling actually has similar risks to traveling by automobile.
Cycling allows for a sense of adventure and excitement.
Cycling allows for more adventure and creativity than driving.
Cycling are fun.
Cycling are sports.
Cycling attracts a diverse and enthusiastic audience.
Cycling Be sure to read our disclaimer .
Cycling begins within seven days, some as early as three, some as late as seven.
Cycling brings national and international competitors to Milwaukee each summer.
Cycling builds knee muscles and can produce a feeling of exhilaration.
Cycling builds knee muscles and can provide a feeling of exhilaration.
Cycling can also generate a sense of liberation and pride.
Cycling can be a great deal faster than a car in the rush hour.
Cycling can be an aerobic exercise.
Cycling can be an inherantly dangerous sport.
Cycling can be fun, since generally it never rain all day.
Cycling can be fun, since it generally never rains all day long.
Cycling can help by strengthening opposing leg muscles thereby avoiding injury.
Cycling can help to reclaim communities.
Cycling can indeed be a spiritual experience.
Cycling can literally bridges the world.
Cycling causes little noise pollution compared to motoring.
Cycling certainly has that.
Cycling creates no pollution, improves health, and bicycles are easy and cheap to maintain.
Cycling currently includes being able to comfortably go an hour and a half or so.
Cycling decreases blood pressure, which helps reduce hypertension.
Cycling does take all kinds and abilities.
Cycling encourages an awareness of good health and an appreciation of the outdoors and nature.
Cycling evokes fond memories.
Cycling feels friendlier.
Cycling fits into just about any subject.
Cycling fits well into the puzzle of commerce, travel and recreation.
Cycling generally occurs between late morning and early evening.
Cycling Get information about local cycling clubs or plan a bike trip around the United Kingdom.
Cycling has a very useful commented collection of selected cycling links.
Cycling has an increasingly important role in transport in Canberra.
Cycling has as much importance for our global environment as for our local environment.
Cycling has much to do with personal empowerment.
Cycling has quite a lot going for it.
Cycling has, however, an uncontested positive effect to the national health.
Cycling helps develop the quadriceps while putting minimal strain on ankles and knees.
Cycling helps everyone yet is discouraged.
Cycling here can be both challenging and rewarding.
Cycling includes mountain biking.
Cycling is a bit miserable if it's cold and wet.
Cycling is a fabulous sport, and there's a real growth curve to it.
Cycling is a fast-paced and growing sport.
Cycling is a favorite, and biking trails marble the landscape.
Cycling is a fun way to get fresh air, see sights and exercise.
Cycling is a game of situations and positions.
Cycling is a good chance for kids to get out there and do something on their own or with friends.
Cycling is a good low-impact activity for rehabilitation.
Cycling is a good nonweightbearing activity during pregnancy.
Cycling is a good way to see the country.
Cycling is a good way to travel in rural areas, and it's a great way to meet the locals.
Cycling is a great alternative to a treadmill.
Cycling is a great form of exercise.
Cycling is a great way of getting around the Island and to enjoy the scenery.
Cycling is a great way to connect.
Cycling is a great way to explore the neighborhood.
Cycling is a great way to get around the town and countryside.
Cycling is a great way to get fit and stay fit - for recreational or competitive athletes.
Cycling is a great way to see the country.
Cycling is a great way to see the famous Irish countryside at close quarters.
Cycling is a great way to start the day, benefitting individual health and our environment.
Cycling is a great way to truely enjoy the wonderful city of Montreal.
Cycling is a growing leisure activity.
Cycling is a hard and beautiful sport.
Cycling is a healthy escape from the daily grind.
Cycling is a healthy form of exercise.
Cycling is a healthy, clean, and inexpensive alternative to driving to campus.
Cycling is a lot easier in the Netherlands.
Cycling is a major social phenomenon.
Cycling is a mode of exercise.
Cycling is a pattern of intermittent use of the supplement, with periodic breaks or rest periods.
Cycling is a physical and mentally challenging activity that requires work.
Cycling is a popular holiday recreation, particularly in the south.
Cycling is a popular sport in Hawaii by both the population and tourists.
Cycling is a popular vacation activity in Scandinavia.
Cycling is a power sport.
Cycling is a quick and efficient means of transport, especially for short trips.
Cycling is a relatively easy sport.
Cycling is a risk sport.
Cycling is a social sport and group rides are a tradition.
Cycling is a sport.
Cycling is a team sport where success depends on the collective strengths of each cyclist.
Cycling is a unique adventure.
Cycling is a unique way to explore the province s terrain and towns and connect with the locals.
Cycling is a very viable option.
Cycling is a way of life for people in the Netherlands.
Cycling is achieved in paraplegic persons by electrical stimulation of the paralysed muscles.
Cycling is adaptable to a variety of fitness levels.
Cycling is also a fantastic way to keep fit.
Cycling is also a good option when taking in the sights round the lake in Hangzhou.
Cycling is also a good option.
Cycling is also an Olympic racing sport with track and cross-country events.
Cycling is also fun.
Cycling is also good for expecting mothers.
Cycling is also low-impact, unlike exercises like jogging.
Cycling is also one of the best forms of cardiovascular exercise.
Cycling is also sociable.
Cycling is also the healthy option.
Cycling is always a very exciting event in the Olympics.
Cycling is always fun a with group.
Cycling is always the most interesting.
Cycling is an absolute dream in Holland.
Cycling is an activated ability.
Cycling is an activity that many children enjoy, particularly at primary school age.
Cycling is an adventure.
Cycling is an all-together different matter, but certainly no less important.
Cycling is an aspect of the report.
Cycling is an equal opportunity activity.
Cycling is an exercise in geography - natural, social, cultural, political.
Cycling is an ideal form of exercise.
Cycling is an important part of many of our employees' lives.
Cycling is an increasingly popular way of touring the country.
Cycling is an opportunity to know a different world.
Cycling is an outdoor activity that promotes physical fitness.
Cycling is another excellent activity for recreational fitness.
Cycling is another mania in France.
Cycling is another option, though it's restricted to roads and bike paths.
Cycling is Belgium's national sport.
Cycling is certainly no different.
Cycling is cheap, fast, and clean.
Cycling is community friendly and good for the environment.
Cycling is considerably more invigorating than sitting in a car.
Cycling is described in the next section.
Cycling is different from running or triathlons in that there's no one person that is the best.
Cycling is different, since each turn of the pedal isn t designed to bring on total exhaustion.
Cycling is downhill from the condo.
Cycling is easier in tanks five gallons or larger.
Cycling is ecologically sound.
Cycling is economical.
Cycling is environmentally sound.
Cycling is everything.
Cycling is excellent exercise, either for real or on an exercise bike.
Cycling is free and a great way to stay in shape.
Cycling is fun, healthy, and for all ages - and even all weather.
Cycling is fun.
Cycling is generally very forgiving to the lower extremities.
Cycling is good business .
Cycling is good exercise, but jogging is better.
Cycling is great exercise, a fun pastime, and an environmentally friendly form of transportation.
Cycling is great fun and bikes can be hired almost anywhere.
Cycling is great, but walking is nice too.
Cycling is great.
Cycling is green, healthy exercise, usually quicker for city trips, fun and very cheap.
Cycling is healthy and hire shops can be found everywhere.
Cycling is healthy.
Cycling is limited to the entrance road and parking lot.
Cycling is more anaerobic even though the events typically last well over an hour.
Cycling is more than a sport.
Cycling is much more than physical exercise.
Cycling is on flat to gently rolling country roads.
Cycling is one great way to have clean and healthy fun.
Cycling is one of the best exercises for building the cardiovascular system.
Cycling is one of the best exercises for the cardiovascular system.
Cycling is one of the best forms of exercise.
Cycling is one of the biggest substitutes, and possibly the most effective.
Cycling is one of the hottest sports in Colorado.
Cycling is one of the most dangerous Olympic sports.
Cycling IS one of the most intense, exciting sports of all time.
Cycling is only really popular in the Catholic south of the Netherlands.
Cycling is part of the culture now.
Cycling is part of the solution to both the above problems.
Cycling is perhaps the best way to explore Vancouver and the superb natural beauty.
Cycling is permitted on roads and trails in the park.
Cycling is permitted only on public and park roads.
Cycling is permitted only on roads.
Cycling is permitted.
Cycling is popular and regular events are held.
Cycling is popular in the flat north and many roads have separate lanes for bikes.
Cycling is possible almost everywhere.
Cycling is probably technically illegal but can be done on the sly.
Cycling is ranked among the top three exercises for improving cardiovascular fitness.
Cycling is safe and fun, cycling is safe and fun.
Cycling is seen as environmentally more attractive, and part of the solution to transport problems.
Cycling is so hard, the suffering so intense, that it's absolutely cleansing.
Cycling is so self-gratifying.
Cycling is something for all peoples of all ages, but somewhere along the road that gets forgotten.
Cycling is supremely healthy and fun.
Cycling is the best way to experience a new country and culture.
Cycling is the ideal way to explore the islands.
Cycling is the most common mode of children's transport and the use of bicycles increases with age.
Cycling is the most common mode of local transport.
Cycling is the most controlled sport.
Cycling is the most popular way of going to classes.
Cycling is the option chosen by people wanting to travel at a more sedate pace.
Cycling is the quintissential European game.
Cycling is the term used to describe the period during which the aquarium matures.
Cycling is the third most popular recreational activity in the United States.
Cycling is totally free of emissions and is known as the most energy efficient means of transport.
Cycling is undoubtedly one of the best ways of exploring the city and countryside.
Cycling is usually the most efficient mode for trips of half a kilometer to several kilometers.
Cycling is very popular in Denmark because the ground is so flat .
Cycling is very popular in Denmark because the ground is so flat.
Cycling is very popular in Vancouver as is climbing and hiking in the surrounding Coast Mountains.
Cycling is very popular with students and provision is made around the city, with many cycle paths.
Cycling is, after all, a sport for everyone.
Cycling is, obviously, a highly seasonal activity.
Cycling is, unfortunately, an expensive sport.
Cycling keeps the body fit and the mind and reflexes sharp.
Cycling makes sense.
Cycling offers a sense of ultimate freedom.
Cycling offers real escapism combined with sheer exhilaration.
Cycling offers the same freedom.
Cycling permits modest caffeine use by competitors and office staff alike.
Cycling prevents pollution and congestion on the roads.
Cycling produces no greenhouse gases.
Cycling provides cardiovascular and muscle toning and a good overall workout.
Cycling provides good exercise, fresh air, and a competitive challenge.
Cycling refers to the strategy of intermittent utilization of hormone therapies.
Cycling requires a certain amount of aerobic capacity.
Cycling requires access to well-paved roads, sidewalks, or trails.
Cycling requires full-time concentration.
Cycling saves money in the form of parking fees, gasoline, and car maintainence.
Cycling slows the pace of travel and expands the senses.
Cycling still continues on the side, but music takes over everything else including reading.
Cycling takes a certain discipline to try and race and do well.
Cycling takes a long time.
Cycling takes energy, so eat, drink, and be merry .
Cycling takes place with other events in the evening peak-hour crush.
Cycling tends to occur most often in the spring and summer in outdoor cats.
Cycling trips Northern Thailand is perfect for off-road mountain bike trips.
Cycling truly is good for the soul.
Most cycling is along the scenic coast.
Cyclist advocacy concerns the welfare of cyclists, and one important consideration is safety.
Cyclist amenity is almost absent from the plan.
A cyclist is a rider
Cyclist fails to yield to cross traffic - going through stoplight or past stop sign.
Cyclist isa rider.
Cyclists achieve better event times, and experience greater endurance.
Cyclists also benefit from the exercise during their commute.
Cyclists also can bring a lock and use campus bike racks at no charge.
Cyclists also check out Bicycle Queensland .
Cyclists also eat more often than motorists.
Cyclists also enjoy biking the park roads.
Cyclists also get a full traffic lane to themselves whenever reasonably necessary to operate safely.
Cyclists also pay for roads as well.
Cyclists also race as members of a four person team representing their countries.
Cyclists are a good example of and organized group.
Cyclists are able to continue for longer periods of time with less fatigue.
Cyclists are able to load and unload bicycles at all regular stops on route.
Cyclists are also more likely to ride over debris.
Cyclists are always interested in how other cyclists set up their bikes.
Cyclists are athletes.
Cyclists are being.
Cyclists are brave people.
Cyclists are computer users.
Cyclists are concerned.
Cyclists are everywhere.
Cyclists are generally very friendly people.
Cyclists are keenly aware of the sentiments of a neighborhood and the rhythms of a city.
Cyclists are liable to sustain multiple fractures, multiple lacerations, and head injuries.
Cyclists are no exception.
Cyclists are often tense and nervous when approached by an automobile.
Cyclists are personally responsible for the proper working condition of their bike.
Cyclists are responsible for avoiding collisions.
Cyclists are responsible for loading and securing their own bikes.
Cyclists are responsible for loading and unloading their bicycles.
Cyclists are responsible for loading, unloading and securing their own bikes.
Cyclists are responsible for loading, unloading, and securing their own bike.
Cyclists are responsible for obeying all traffic laws.
Cyclists are responsible for properly securing their bikes.
Cyclists are responsible for securely locking their bicycles in the racks.
Cyclists are the ones who have the most to lose when running a stop sign or light.
Cyclists are to maintain their bikes in good working order after the safety inspection.
Cyclists are to provide their own meals.
Cyclists are to use gravel roadways, designated logging roads and single track trails.
Cyclists are to yield the ROW to pedestrians in crosswalks just as motor vehicles do.
Cyclists are unlikely to accept lengthy detours or long delays.
Cyclists are veey friendly people.
Cyclists are very susceptible to sudden bear encounters.
Cyclists are welcome on bike paths, and cycling in is a good way to beat the traffic.
Cyclists are welcome to leave their bikes in our locked barn.
Cyclists are welcome to ride the roadways throughout the park.
Cyclists are welcome.
Cyclists are wild, too.
Cyclists await tour kick-off in downtown Buffalo.
Cyclists boarding with bikes pay regular fare.
Cyclists bring own gear.
Cyclists can also protect themselves by wearing a helmet.
Cyclists can also ride on the Parkway's three metre wide paved shoulders.
Cyclists can attach a can to the top tube of their bike.
Cyclists can contact nearby bike shops to inquire about rental bikes and group rides.
Cyclists can enjoy a cruise on the relaxed lanes or time their loops to work on form and cadence.
Cyclists can explore the community along an ever-expanding network of bike lanes.
Cyclists can feel threatened by inconsiderate driving.
Cyclists can follow the main trail all the way and rejoin the Drive further on.
Cyclists can go farther and faster with nominal low energy pedaling.
Cyclists can help their own causes by filing police reports when they are victims of road rage.
Cyclists can pedal along the salt marsh, beaches and a maritime forest.
Cyclists can pedal knowing they are safe.
Cyclists can regulate temperature by level of effort.
Cyclists can request a patch of the reflective tape from bicycle safety representatives.
Cyclists can ride along the trails in the park and take in the historical sites.
Cyclists can ride free.
Cyclists can see and hear motor vehicles.
Cyclists can start riding All pedestrians have reached the opposite end of the crosswalk.
Cyclists can swim in the ocean or walk along the beach after the ride.
Cyclists can t always ride a car-door length away from parked vehicles on a narrow street.
Cyclists can travel with bikes on trains.
Cyclists can try to beat the clock for prizes.
Cyclists can use the narrow and often poorly paved shoulder on each side of the road.
Cyclists can win money during each stage of the race and during some races.
Cyclists choose their time and bring their own equipment.
Cyclists commonly suffer from tendonitis, bursitis, or irritation of the joint.
Cyclists consider the fee unfair.
Cyclists consume drinks.
Cyclists do have to overcome a bias from some drivers.
Cyclists eat and drink while cycling.
Cyclists enjoy basically the same rights and privileges as motorists.
Cyclists enter and exit the Interstate system using existing ramps.
Cyclists expect safe accommodation on public roads.
Cyclists face the same challenges that other winter activists do.
Cyclists fare best when they act and are treated as drivers of vehicles.
Cyclists fare best when they act and are treated as lawful drivers of vehicles.
Cyclists fare best when they act as a vehicle when they are cycling on the road.
Cyclists favour two way bicycle lanes because they are handy and they often shorten their driving.
Cyclists find climbing in snowshoes works the crucial hip flexors and extensors.
Cyclists flock here for world-class biking.
Cyclists generate a lot of sweat.
Cyclists generate electrical energy.
Cyclists generate energy.
Cyclists generate more malarkey while devouring vast quantities of catfish and other goodies.
Cyclists get more than their fair share of shaving cuts.
Cyclists get scrotal trauma warning.
Cyclists give way to walkers and joggers.
Cyclists go up and down all the streets.
Cyclists have (part) arms.
Cyclists have (part) body substances.
Cyclists have (part) cell membranes.
Cyclists have (part) cells.
Cyclists have (part) corpi.
Cyclists have (part) cytoplasm.
Cyclists have (part) heads.
Cyclists have (part) human bodies.
Cyclists have (part) legs.
Cyclists have (part) material bodies.
Cyclists have (part) necks.
Cyclists have (part) nuclei.
Cyclists have (part) personality.
Cyclists have (part) plasma membranes.
Cyclists have (part) sections.
Cyclists have (part) vacuoles.
Cyclists have a dedicated lane.
Cyclists have a huge stake in the health of the transit system.
Cyclists have a right to be on the road.
Cyclists have a right to ride on the road.
Cyclists have a short stopping distance compared to cars.
Cyclists have all the rights and the duties that apply to drivers of vehicles.
Cyclists have an identical yearly program.
Cyclists have every reason to be mad as hell.
Cyclists have legal and fiscal rights to the road.
Cyclists have legitimate concerns of their own.
Cyclists have one of the highest aerobic capacities of any athlete.
Cyclists have options.
Cyclists have schedules.
Cyclists have several options.
Cyclists have the obligation to make passing as easy as possible as long as passing is safe.
Cyclists have the responsibility to obey the rules of the road.
Cyclists have the same privileges and duties as other traffic.
Cyclists have the same rights and responsibilities as any other road user.
Cyclists have the same rights and responsibilities as drivers of motor vehicles.
Cyclists have the same rights and the same responsibilities as motorists.
Cyclists have the same rights and the same responsibilities as other drivers.
Cyclists have the same rights, privileges and duties as other vehicular traffic.
Cyclists have the same roadway rights as vehicles.
Cyclists have to get water or other fluids frequently.
Cyclists help to keep our air and water clean.
Cyclists invade the bike paths while the snowmobiles are stowed for the summer.
Cyclists journey though woodlands, rivers, lakes and neighboring villages.
Cyclists know firsthand how much their mobility and safety is impeded by automobiles.
Cyclists live in areas.
Cyclists love a massage.
Cyclists love to concentrate their training in only a few areas.
Cyclists mean business'.
Cyclists meet in Florence before continuing to North Myrtle Beach.
Cyclists move at their own pace.
Cyclists obey all traffic laws unless directed by law enforcement authorities to do otherwise.
Cyclists participate in a sport that tends to be on the endurance side of the track.
Cyclists pay taxes, and have the same rights to the road as drivers.
Cyclists pay the regular passenger fare, while their bicycle rides free.
Cyclists peddle against the winds, along the roads or off on lanes forbidden to motor vehicles.
Cyclists perform exercise tests.
Cyclists perform tests.
Cyclists plan to hold monthly actions until their demands are met.
Cyclists prefer locations where their bicycles are in regular view of local shops or passers-by.
Cyclists prefer two-way bicycle lanes because they are handy and decrease their driving distance.
Cyclists provide their own bikes.
Cyclists pulling trailers also appreciate the added power.
Cyclists race faster in competition than when they are simply trying to beat the clock.
Cyclists race faster with a pacing vehicle than if they compete with other racers.
Cyclists race purely against the clock, with the fastest time over the course taking the gold medal.
Cyclists raise pledges to ride.
Cyclists range in ages.
Cyclists reach high speeds, so one fall and one hit to the pavement can crack the skull.
Cyclists react to the government's bicycle and bikeway programs.
Cyclists reduce traffic congestion and parking demand.
Cyclists regularly use showers in the leisure centre and in all major campus buildings.
Cyclists regularly wait over half an hour for a bus.
Cyclists represent another category of vulnerable road users.
Cyclists ride through New York's Central Park.
Cyclists ride to benefit birth defects.
Cyclists say part of the problem is that law enforcement seems indifferent to the cycling community.
Cyclists secure their bicycles independently of one another.
Cyclists seeking greater speed or efficiency often prefer drop handlebars.
Cyclists share a private bond.
Cyclists share the roads with motor vehicles.
Cyclists share tips.
Cyclists spend money to fuel their bodies and to buy cycling related equipment and gear.
Cyclists Stop at all stop signs and red lights.
Cyclists swoosh around blind corners of buildings and rip through hedges.
Cyclists tend to make contact with locals much more easily than do other travellers.
Cyclists tend to overdevelop quads and underdevelop hamstrings, leading to injury problems.
Cyclists to follow rules.
Cyclists too are well-catered for, with plenty of cycle paths.
Cyclists too can follow that wise lead.
Cyclists too can rest easy in the knowledge that their cycles can be locked away safely.
Cyclists travel along sideroads and country lanes that avoid traffic congestion.
Cyclists try to achieve medals in the individual races.
Cyclists use chemical energy.
Cyclists use energy.
Cyclists use equipment.
Cyclists use off-times to eat more normal meals.
Cyclists use Spinning bikes as part of their training regimen.
Cyclists vary in the seriousness of their training.
Cyclists wear helmets.
Cyclists welcome also to stop for refreshments.
Cyclists always lose out in such compromises.
Cyclists always yield the right of way to the runner.
Cyclists often arrive carrying panniers and other cycling accessories.
Cyclists often like to buy tight shoes for maximum power and control.
Cyclists often ride close to curb or to cars parked on the curb.
Cyclists sometimes ride in the travel lane when passing to the left side of slower vehicles.
All cyclists are at a greater risk during the hours of darkness and in ba weather.
All cyclists are at risk during the hours of darkness.
All cyclists are at risk when it's dark.
All cyclists are eligible to win individual prizes, awarded to the top fund-raisers.
All cyclists are welcome and while there is a fee for participants, spectators can attend for free.
All cyclists are welcome in the beautiful Basque region of Northern Spain.
All cyclists are welcome to partake.
All cyclists are welcome to participate on our rides, and no one gets dropped or left behind.
All cyclists hate cars and their drivers, instinctively.
All cyclists have access to a secure area where they can lock their bikes.
All cyclists quickly make up their own bestiary.
All cyclists receive a T-shirt and a chance to win door prizes.
All cyclists share the responsibility of safe cycling.
Every cyclist has a different perspective on their requirements.
Every cyclist is one less car, one less parking space, less noise, a few less lungs full of fumes.
Every cyclist is responsible for verifying that the way is clear through all intersections.
Every cyclist needs to determine their own personal objectives.
Every cyclist rides with an invisible training partner.
Many cyclists also enjoy recumbent bikes.
Many cyclists are strongly against wearing helmets.
Many cyclists choose ear coverings for the cold days.
Many cyclists choose to stay a car door width into the travel lane to avoid the door danger.
Many cyclists find relief by generous application of corn starch before longer rides.
Many cyclists find the high carb bars easier to digest during rides.
Many cyclists have favorite routes.
Many cyclists ignore stop signs, traffic lights and other inconveniences.
Many cyclists like to squat.
Many cyclists make the mistake of locking only the front wheel or only the top tube of a bike.
Many cyclists prearrange to leave a vehicle in Red Cliff to avoid a long return uphill trek.
Many cyclists prefer the safety afforded by dedicated bike trails to sharing the road with cars.
Many cyclists ride without affiliating with either group.
Many cyclists shy away from using the front brake, due to fear of flying over the handlebars.
More cyclists are more visible and the building of physical improvements never ends.
More cyclists means more cycling.
More cyclists means more notice.
Most cyclists are happy to share the trails.
Most cyclists consider it unsafe after dark.
Most cyclists feel the same.
Most cyclists first learn about a tandem's speed when riding behind one on an organized ride.
Most cyclists fondly remember their very first bike.
Most cyclists generate electrical energy.
Most cyclists generate energy.
Most cyclists have options.
Most cyclists have schedules.
Most cyclists have several options.
Most cyclists live in areas.
Most cyclists live on sponsorship money and, at certain races, appearance fees.
Most cyclists now wear helmets , both for safety reasons and improved aerodynamics .
Most cyclists pedal in a flat footed technique where the foot remains in a fixed position.
Most cyclists perform exercise tests.
Most cyclists perform tests.
Most cyclists range in ages.
Most cyclists share tips.
Most cyclists use chemical energy.
Most cyclists use energy.
Most cyclists use equipment.
Most cyclists use plastic bags inside their panniers.
Most cyclists use the footpath on the sea side of the road.
Most cyclists wear helmets.
Some cyclists actually do strength training only in the winter, while others do it year round.
Some cyclists are brave enough to continue to try it through the construction.
Some cyclists are hypersensitive to having their feet overheat while riding.
Some cyclists are strong and focused in their training, but they fold as soon as the race begins.
Some cyclists choose to ride on the sidewalks.
Some cyclists drink beet juice.
Some cyclists drink juice.
Some cyclists find commuting to be one of the best ways to fit training into a busy schedule.
Some cyclists have problems.
Some cyclists have same problems.
Some cyclists like to ride a negative split faster in the second half than the first.
Some cyclists love cookies and bananas, others eat only energy bars and high-tech gels.
Some cyclists report that time just stood still, or that time was accelerated during a race.
Some cyclists use walkways on campus or ride across plaza areas to avoid vehicular traffic.
Some cyclists visit towns.
Some cyclists wear wool or a wool-blend sock.
A cyclobenzaprine is a muscle relaxant
Cyclobenzaprine is a drug used as an adjunct to rest and physical therapy for relief of spasm.
Cyclocross bikes are a specialized breed of off-road racer.
Cyclocross bikes are great for all-around riding, too.
Cyclocross tires are fairly plump, and have knobby tread for better traction.
A cyclohexanol is alcohol
Cyclohexanol is a flammable liquid.
A cycloid is a curve
Cycloids Demonstrates how to draw trachoids by spinning a wheel.
Cyclomatic complexity is a count of the number of decision statements in a piece of code.
Cyclomatic complexity is based entirely on the structure of software's control flowgraph.
Cyclomatic complexity is the graph theoretical complexity of a computer program's flowchart.
Cyclone brings air.
Cyclone brings cold air.
Cyclone brings precipitation.
Cyclone causes damage.
Cyclone causes waves.
Cyclone contains wind.
Cyclone damages areas.
Cyclone enhances rainfall.
Cyclone enhances season rainfall.
Cyclone has wind.
Cyclone hits regions.
Cyclone is an atmosphere
Cyclone is atmospheres.
Cyclone is located in oceans.
Cyclone is natural hazards.
Cyclone is programming language.
Cyclone is storms.
Cyclone is video games.
Cyclone is windstorm.
Cyclone isa weather.
Cyclone kill percentage for a match.
Cyclone knows how to make very good piano solos.
Cyclone manufacture high performance and leisure hovercraft.
Cyclone occurs during months.
Cyclone occurs during summer months.
Cyclone produces heavy rainfall.
Cyclone produces rainfall.
Cyclone produces tornado.
Cyclone produces wind.
Cyclone responds instantly to commands of spin, swivel, forward, backward, left or right.
Cyclone sustains wind.
Cyclones also have an effect, giving rise to a characteristic current.
Cyclones also produce flood rains which can cause further damage and death by drowning.
Cyclones are a tropical weather phenomenon.
Cyclones are also common during the wet season.
Cyclones are common during the wet season.
Cyclones are due to the man-made disturbances in the ecology of oceans and their surroundings.
Cyclones are in fact one of the major decomposing forces of coral reefs.
Cyclones are low pressure systems with an organized circulation pattern.
Cyclones are normal weather during half the year.
Cyclones are our biggest storms.
Cyclones are predicted to become more frequent with global warming.
Cyclones are storms of wind that encircle a center of low atmospheric pressure.
Cyclones are the main natural threat to habitat and food loss.
Cyclones are vital to Korea's rice fields.
Cyclones can also cause huge seas, putting vessels in danger both in harbour and out at sea.
Cyclones can have considerable impacts both on the land as well as in the ocean.
Cyclones can only move freely across the sea.
Cyclones come in many sizes.
Cyclones continue their hot shooting as the Hoyas bow out.
Cyclones create several dangers for people living around tropical areas.
Cyclones demonstrate how much latent energy is stored in the world's oceans.
Cyclones feel pressure is off Top seed gone, but Fennelly says team healthy and ready.
Cyclones follow up bowl season by focusing on offense and on linemen.
Cyclones form in central U.S., move eastward.
Cyclones have the capacity to impact on hundreds of kilometres of coastline and surrounding areas.
Cyclones make sure to take a knee at the end.
Cyclones occasionally wreak havoc.
Cyclones occur chiefly in the mid-latitude belts of both hemispheres.
Cyclones pound the boards, beating opponents by nine a game.
Cyclones Remove large airborne particulate efficiently and economically.
Cyclones rotate clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere and anti-clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere .
Cyclones rotate clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere and anti-clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere.
Cyclones separate the product gas from the sand and hot char that are entrained in the gas stream.
Cyclones swarm the fields every month or so, And hurricanes are common.
Cyclones take advantage of four Colorado turnovers to win on a frigid day in Boulder.
Cyclones tend to move along a predictable path at a moderate rate of progress.
Cyclones whip up storm They're creating the perfect recipe for playoff success.
Cyclones win easy.
Cyclones often swirl near the polar caps in late summer and fall.
Most cyclone brings air.
Most cyclone brings cold air.
Most cyclone brings precipitation.
Most cyclone causes damage.
Most cyclone causes waves.
Most cyclone contains wind.
Most cyclone has wind.
Most cyclone occurs during months.
Most cyclone occurs during summer months.
Most cyclone produces heavy rainfall.
Most cyclone produces rainfall.
Most cyclone produces tornado.
Most cyclone produces wind.
Some cyclone causes death.
Some cyclone causes monster storms.
Some cyclone causes storms.
Some cyclone creates conditions.
Some cyclone destroys habitats.
Some cyclone occurs in bays.
Some cyclone occurs in temperate zones.
Some cyclone occurs in zones.
Some cyclone strikes districts.
Some cyclone strikes territory.
Cyclonic curvature favors lake effect snow.
Cyclonic flow prevents dust from collecting on the header's inner surfaces.
Cyclonic storms are an important feature.
Cyclonic storms develop when an advancing cold front pushes into a region of lighter, warmer air.
Cyclonic valves are more than just valves.
A cyclooxygenase is an enzyme
Cyclooxygenase is responsible for converting arachidonic acid into prostaglandins.
Cyclooxygenases catalyze the conversion of arachidonic acids to prostaglandins.
Cycloplegic refraction is repeated at least annually and any time esotropia worsens.
Cyclopropane formation is observed with styrene.
A cyclothymia is an emotional disturbance
Cyclothymia appears to be genetically related to bipolar disorder.
Cyclothymic disorder is an emotional disturbance
Cyclothymic disorder is another variant of manic depressive illness.
Cyclothymic personality is considered a temperament, present in many gifted and creative people.
Cyclotron resonance occurs when n is equal to the frequency of the magnetic field.
A cyclotron is a scientific instrument
Cyclotrons accelerate charged particles as they orbit in circles in a magnetic field.
Cyclotrons are accelerators.
Cyclotrons belong to a class of machine called particle accelerators.
Cyclotrons belong to a class of machines called particle accelerators.
Cyclotrons go in spirals, and are a much more efficient method of accelerating particles.
A cygnet is a swan
A cygnet is a young bird
Cygnet isa animal.
Cygnet isa beast.
Cygnet isa creature.
Cygnet isa swan.
Cygnets add some smaller crustaceans to their meals as well.
Cygnets are swans.
Cygnets are young birds.
Cygnets can swim as soon as their down is dry, but they stay on their nests for a few days.
Cygnets eat animals.
Cygnets eat aquatic insects.
Cygnets eat insects.
Cygnets have (part) air sacs.
Cygnets have (part) bird's feet.
Cygnets have (part) bone cells.
Cygnets have (part) brains.
Cygnets have (part) breasts.
Cygnets have (part) chest cavities.
Cygnets have (part) chests.
Cygnets have (part) corpi.
Cygnets have (part) ears.
Cygnets have (part) faces.
Cygnets have (part) flight feathers.
Cygnets have (part) ground substances.
Cygnets have (part) heads.
Cygnets have (part) lips.
Cygnets have (part) marrow.
Cygnets have (part) mast cells.
Cygnets have (part) mouths.
Cygnets have (part) quill feathers.
Cygnets have (part) rib cages.
Cygnets have (part) second joints.
Cygnets have (part) sections.
Cygnets have (part) skulls.
Cygnets have (part) sterna.
Cygnets have (part) talons.
Cygnets have (part) wishbones.
Cygnets have necks.
Cygnets possess feathers.
Cygnets remain with their parents throughout their first winter.
Cygnets require an abundant supply of aquatic insects, crustaceans, and aquatic plants.
Cygnets usually eat bugs instead of weeds and grasses.
Many cygnets succumb to cold, wet weather, parasites, insufficient food, or predators.
Most cygnets eat animals.
Most cygnets eat aquatic insects.
Most cygnets eat insects.
Most cygnets have necks.
Most cygnets possess feathers.
Some cygnets become pioneers.
Some cygnets have bills.
A cylinder block is a casting
Some cylinder blocks are part of ambulances.
Some cylinder blocks are part of automobiles.
Some cylinder blocks are part of autos.
Some cylinder blocks are part of cars.
Some cylinder blocks are part of dumpers.
Some cylinder blocks are part of go-karts.
Some cylinder blocks are part of motorbikes.
Some cylinder blocks are part of motorboats.
Some cylinder blocks are part of pickups.
Some cylinder blocks are part of taxis.
Some cylinder blocks are part of trucks.
Some cylinder blocks are part of turbines.
Some cylinder blocks have passages to carry oil and coolant.
Cylinder bore is either standard or oversized steel, chromed.
A cylinder head is a plate
Cylinder heads are aluminum, of a single overhead camshaft design, with two valves per cylinder.
Cylinder heads are plates.
Cylinder heads are the economical choice for the budget minded engine builder.
Cylinder heads are the same, with the exception of roller and non-roller cams.
Cylinder liners are heat treated cast iron, ground to a mirror finish on the inside.
Cylinder seals are a typical Sumerian invention.
Cylinder seals are important to historians.
Cylinder seals are small cylinder-shaped objects which has a carved scene or design.
Cylinder seals are squat and plain and drill used in designs.
A cylinder is a solid
Cylinder comes with precision measurement.
Cylinder goes up while turning the wheel is turned.
Cylinder involves two numbers, a power and a meridian in degrees.
Cylinder is brass pipe with iron elbow and plug.
Cylinder is damaged, therefore allowing oil to pass by the rings.
Cylinder is in pretty good shape.
Cylinder is kept longitudinal along meridian instead of along the equator.
Cylinder is lengthened forward.
Cylinder is now ready to be installed.
Cylinder is removed.
Cylinder isa container.
Cylinder needs to be hydrotested.
Cylinder records only.
Cylinder spins and slams against the paper when the proper character is in the right position.
Cylinder takes too long to freeze.
Cylinder vases with red slip decorated with incised geometric and figural designs.
Cylinders add their limited motions together to achieve required contortions.
Cylinders are a low level measure of disk capacity.
Cylinders are a vertical stack of tracks on a hard disk.
Cylinders are almost as good.
Cylinders are at present changing to carbon composite lightweight throughout the country.
Cylinders are bored and honed to accommodate new pistons.
Cylinders are bored to more exacting tolerances than street cars.
Cylinders are chambers.
Cylinders are colour coded to assist in quick visual identification of cylinders from a distance.
Cylinders are concentric tracks on the surface of the disk.
Cylinders are containers.
Cylinders are double acting slide-valve type direct drive.
Cylinders are figures.
Cylinders are horizontal rather than vertical and point in the opposite of two directions.
Cylinders are individually hand crafted.
Cylinders are manifolds.
Cylinders are one of the most versatile pneumatic devices within industry.
Cylinders are one of the versatile pneumatic devices within industry.
Cylinders are part of compressors.
Cylinders are part of pumps.
Cylinders are part of scubas.
Cylinders are perhaps as easy to make as spheres.
Cylinders are precision honed and fitted with new pistons.
Cylinders are rekeyable, interchangeable and easily serviced.
Cylinders are round shapes.
Cylinders are shapes.
Cylinders are shrink-wrapped and covered with mesh netting.
Cylinders are shrink-wrapped on pallets or individually crated for protection and easy storage.
Cylinders are single shot and disposable.
Cylinders are solids.
Cylinders are themselves divided into areas called sectors.
Cylinders are then bored to specification and honed.
Cylinders are then bored, less hone stock.
Cylinders are upright and secured when being transported on campus.
Cylinders can bave none, either, or both ends capped.
Cylinders can become missiles if damaged.
Cylinders can contain inert gases or very toxic substances.
Cylinders can develop accidental leaks.
Cylinders can spin along their long axes, producing day and night if oriented properly.
Cylinders contain exhaust valves.
Cylinders contain valves.
Cylinders containing oil-pumped air have air have one green stripe.
Cylinders create clarity at the expense of distorting objects to different degrees.
Cylinders have (part) sections.
Cylinders have a finite life expectancy.
Cylinders have diameters.
Cylinders have same diameters.
Cylinders have several stamped markings.
Cylinders have to be trundled around wards.
Cylinders increase as drive size increases.
Cylinders rephase automatically upon full extension.
Cylinders represent single and double bonds.
Cylinders seals that are used are of the best makes.
Cylinders ship from stock.
Cylinders sit on white fiberglass rods.
All cylinders are to be anchored securely.
All cylinders are to be considered full unless properly identified as empty.
All cylinders are vacuum tested.
All cylinders have their pistons reaching the ignition point at different times.
All cylinders utilize a reliable valve that seals the air in and the water out.
Most cylinders are part of scubas.
Most cylinders contain exhaust valves.
Most cylinders contain valves.
Most cylinders have ABS type approval.
Most cylinders have diameters.
Most cylinders have same diameters.
Some cylinders add power.
Some cylinders affect accuracy.
Some cylinders are connected by steel tubes.
Some cylinders are connected by tubes.
Some cylinders are made of wire.
Some cylinders conduct heat.
Some cylinders contain water.
Some cylinders cover with materials.
Some cylinders fill with brake fluid.
Some cylinders fill with fluid.
Some cylinders fill with hydraulic brake fluid.
Some cylinders fill with hydraulic fluid.
Some cylinders have chemical resistance.
Some cylinders have excellent chemical resistance.
Some cylinders have excellent resistance.
Some cylinders have heads.
Some cylinders have resistance.
Some cylinders require more repairs than are economically reasonable.
Cylindric sections are the intersections of cylinders with planes .
Cylindric sections are the intersections of cylinders with planes.
Cylindrical actuators can produce precise displacements.
Cylindrical body offers wide area contacts.
Cylindrical censer stand or support, frequently with elaborate modelled god face.
Some cylindrical containers hold ml water.
Some cylindrical containers hold water.
Cylindrical coordinates take the same idea that polar coordinates use, but they extend it further.
Cylindrical drums are the same diameter throughout the drum.
Cylindrical forms are better swimmers.
Cylindrical joint means a joint comprised of two contiguous, concentric, cylindrical surfaces.
Cylindrical locks are a simpler design installed in two intersecting holes in the door.
Cylindrical ones allow the rings to turn too much.
Cylindrical ones are called carbon nanotubes or buckytubes.
Cylindrical pendants drop between the trusses to provide lighting.
Some cylindrical plastic reduces damage.
Cylindrical projections are a subset of prismographic projections.
Cylindrical projections result from projecting a spherical surface onto a cylinder.
Cylindrical roller bearings Large radial load but only a very light axial load carrying capacity.
Cylindrical rotation follows naturally.
Cylindrical shape allows for easier handling.
Cylindrical shape occupies excess space in storage.
Some cylindrical tubes fill with water.
Cymbal case is lightweight for ease of carrying yet rugged construction protects contents.
Cymbal cases hold pairs of cymbals.
Cymbal music causes physical pain.
A cymbal is a musical instrument
Cymbal is halfway between a ride and crash.
Cymbal isa device.
Cymbals are clean and without edginess.
Cymbals are located in bands.
Cymbals are located in music stores.
Cymbals are made in different sizes.
Cymbals are more detailed, more bronzy and lifelike.
Cymbals are musical instruments.
Cymbals are percussion instruments.
Cymbals are shallow brass plates that make a ringing clang when hit or are hit together.
Cymbals are used for bangings.
Cymbals are used for percussions.
Cymbals are used in many different musical groups.
Cymbals clash, drums roll and light floods the screen.
Cymbals flash and trumpets blare above the sousaphone's throttling baroom froom-foom.
Cymbals have (part) sections.
Cymbals touch one another in order to sound, and therefore are by some compared to our lips.
All cymbals react differently when they are struck together.
A cymbidium is an orchid
Cymbidium are in Europe mostly known as cut flowers, but there are also many beautiful potplants.
Cymbidium canaliculatum sparkesii - North Queensland species dark red flower form with white lip.
Cymbidium is a genus of terrestrial orchids.
Cymbidiums are easy to grow but often difficult to divide.
Cymbidiums are especially popular in California and elsewhere where their cultural needs can be met.
Cymbidiums are orchids.
Cymbidiums are plants.
Cymbidiums are to be added to the mix, grown at higher elevation in the nearby Blue Mountains.
Cymbidiums are very sensitive to salts in the soil.
Cymbidiums bloom only once a year and the season of bloom varies by species or hybrid.
Cymbidiums do require cool evening temperatures to set their flower spikes.
Cymbidiums like to be cool and dry during winter.
Cymbidiums love water when they are actively growing.
Cymbidiums make wonderful patio plants during the summer.
Cymbidiums prefer slightly cooler temperatures.
Cymbidiums work well in small pots.
Some cymbidiums are fragrant.
A cyme is an inflorescence
Cymes are the commonest form of inflorescence, but umbels are found in Pelargonium.
Some cymes are one-sided.
Cymer construction is modular, with all modules accessible from the front.
Cymric professionals can organize meetings,create agendas,and prepare the necessary materials.
A cynic is a person
Cynics are capable of doubt.
Cynics are people who know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Cynics are people.
Cynics are philosophers.
Cynics argue that the war is over.
Cynics argue that there is just no way to stop money from flooding into politicians' coffers.
Cynics call the internet a fad.
Cynics can laugh at misfortune, human frailty, human ineptitude and human ignorance.
Cynics claim the statutory ceiling on campaign expenditure is little more than window dressing.
Cynics claim, however, that truth-tellers are never really rewarded.
Cynics doubt it.
Cynics find it hard to relax.
Cynics find it obvious.
Cynics have every right to snicker.
Cynics insist that every major legislative decision is made behind closed doors.
Cynics insist that war is an inherent part of human society.
Cynics like to point out that death and taxes are the only sure things in life.
Cynics like to say that romance is dead.
Cynics look on outrageous scandals that disgrace our democracy with bemused detachment.
Cynics make fun of that, but it's true.
Cynics observe that the country without a government runs at least as well as it did with one.
Cynics recall news conferences spun to the subliminal effect of self-pity.
Cynics say never.
Cynics say no.
Cynics say students and activists have no other issues to protest.
Cynics say that's the way it is with love.
Cynics say the drop in crime is due to the lack of businesses to break into and people to rob.
Cynics say the millennium bug is nothing but media hype.
Cynics say the motives are more political than rational.
Cynics say the North is opening up to the South out of economic desperation.
Cynics say the politicians are just looking for campaign funding.
Cynics say the tomb was visited by robbers or dogs.
Cynics suggest ear damage just walking by either spot.
Cynics suggest the date was selected so the nasty nines can be blamed if something goes wrong.
Cynics tend to lose interest in making the system work.
Every cynic has their soft spot and every romantic can become a little hardened.
Every cynic is a sentimentalist under the skin.
Most cynics find such statements truly revolting.
Some cynics claim there are no modern heroes.
Some cynics say that Africa can never feed itself.
Some cynics say that monogamy is natural for women and unnatural for men.
Cynical chic is a lot about style.
Cynical cleverness abounds.
Cynical deconstruction is too easy to carry out and often offers no real insight.
Some cynical historians say old scientific theories never die, only old scientists.
Cynical hostility is defined as a consistent lack of trust and bitterness toward others.
Cynical individualism is perfect for neoliberalism.
Cynical mistrust is the mental state worthiest of change.
Cynical observers chalk the entire exercise up to election-year politics.
More cynical observers point out that all such services do is tie employees to their desks.
Cynical readers nod their heads and wonder at the baseness of such manipulative marketing campaigns.
Cynical types consider it just the stuff between the ads.
A cynicism is pessimism
Cynicism arises when options are limited, when possibilities for choosing are lost.
Cynicism arrives with context.
Cynicism can be a rational response to a lot of political situations.
Cynicism can be devastating, especially it when arises from experience.
Cynicism can be fun.
Cynicism can reduce trust and the ability to form supportive relationships.
Cynicism can sometimes pass for serious political thought.
Cynicism changes how people work, how they feel about themselves and how they interact with others.
Cynicism comes easily.
Cynicism comes from a lack of understanding about what peace and peace building is about.
Cynicism demands a forecast that involves impending doom, hurt feelings, and some screaming.
Cynicism easily bubbles to the surface.
Cynicism gives up the game.
Cynicism grows exponentially by the day.
Cynicism helps curtail the growth of government.
Cynicism involves living the simple life in order that the soul can be set free.
Cynicism is a blindfold.
Cynicism is a cheap substitute for sophistication.
Cynicism is a cloak.
Cynicism is a lie.
Cynicism is a prevalent malaise.
Cynicism is a requirement, as are imagination and flexibility.
Cynicism is a termite.
Cynicism is a vice.
Cynicism is an affront to the civic heritage upon which our democratic republic was built.
Cynicism is an unpleasant way of saying the truth.
Cynicism is as dangerous for cops as it was for scrooge.
Cynicism is at an all-time high.
Cynicism is based on the absolute facts of the world.
Cynicism is defined as an indifferent or distant attitude toward work.
Cynicism is distinguished from skepticism.
Cynicism is double danger.
Cynicism is easier than skepticism.
Cynicism is easy when life is cheap.
Cynicism is easy.
Cynicism is encouraged.
Cynicism is ever the outward face of emptiness.
Cynicism is everywhere and the estimation of the future becomes very bleak.
Cynicism is intellectual dandyism without the coxcomb's feathers.
Cynicism is just an unpleasant way of telling the truth.
Cynicism is just as destructive as blithe smugness.
Cynicism is mainstream.
Cynicism is more fashionable than idealism.
Cynicism is nothing new.
Cynicism is often an attempt to protect oneself from exhaustion.
Cynicism is often the first step out of naivete, it seems.
Cynicism is only realism projected into the future.
Cynicism is rampant and it's normal for someone who's been hurt to blame marriage.
Cynicism is rampant.
Cynicism is self-protection.
Cynicism is skepticism gone sour.
Cynicism is so tempting.
Cynicism is still in short supply here.
Cynicism is that open mockery of the virtues or motives of other.
Cynicism is the enemy of genius.
Cynicism is the enemy of progress.
Cynicism is the great enemy of democracy.
Cynicism is the price of wisdom.
Cynicism is the rule.
Cynicism is the weaponry of the lifestyle.
Cynicism is to be avoided at all costs.
Cynicism is understandable.
Cynicism is up.
Cynicism is very high.
Cynicism isa feeling.
Cynicism kills motivation.
Cynicism leads to inaction, and inaction reinforces cynicism.
Cynicism makes virtue the only good, the only true happiness.
Cynicism meets opportunism.
Cynicism promotes fickle buying habits.
Cynicism sells just as well as sex.
Cynicism sets in and begins to erode community life.
Cynicism sows suspicion and distrust, demeans hope and debases idealism.
Cynicism spills over and colors how employees see everything about the company and their jobs.
Cynicism takes root and spreads.
Cynicisms are pessimism.
Cynicism often arises when each individual ignores the considerations that motivate others.
Cynodont jaws illustrate key changes in the evolution from early synapsid to mammal.
A cynodont is a reptile
Cynodont isa therapsid.
Cynodonts are considered to be the ancestors of all modern mammals.
Cynodonts are said to be the missing links between reptiles and mammals.
Cynodonts are the non-mammalian synapsids most closely related to mammals.
Cynodonts are the therapsids from which mammals evolved.
Cynodonts have (part) brains.
Cynodonts have (part) breasts.
Cynodonts have (part) cell membranes.
Cynodonts have (part) cells.
Cynodonts have (part) chest cavities.
Cynodonts have (part) chests.
Cynodonts have (part) corpi.
Cynodonts have (part) cytoplasm.
Cynodonts have (part) ears.
Cynodonts have (part) faces.
Cynodonts have (part) heads.
Cynodonts have (part) nuclei.
Cynodonts have (part) pedal extremities.
Cynodonts have (part) plasma membranes.
Cynodonts have (part) rib cages.
Cynodonts have (part) sections.
Cynodonts have (part) skulls.
Cynodonts have (part) sterna.
Cynodonts have (part) vacuoles.
Cynodonts have (part) vertebrate feet.
Cynodonts have an additional joint in their jaws.
Cynodonts have features.
Cynodonts have ligaments.
Cynodonts have nearly all the characteristics of mammals.
Cynodonts live in trees.
Cynodonts need oxygen.
Most cynodonts have ligaments.
Most cynodonts live in trees.
Some cynodonts possess certain features.
Some cynodonts possess certain unique features.
Some cynodonts possess features.
Some cynodonts possess unique features.
A cypher is a message
Cypher is back from tour and getting rested and ready to play again.
Cypher is four months pregnant.
Cypher prefers living inside the comfortable program to living in the harsher real world.
Cypher states ignorance is bliss .
Cypher takes a dramatic pose and begins singing the Cuban national anthem in perfect Swahili.
Cyphers Click to download.
A cypre is a tree
Cypres is great tool.
Cypres meets all needs and wishes of today's skydivers.
Cypress domes develop in depressions within large watersheds.
Cypress Island brings back memories of old Florida.
Cypress Island is in the background.
Cypress knees hang from above like icicles.
Cypress knees help stabilize trees in lieu of deep and extensive root growth.
Cypress knees press up from the muck of the bottom.
Cypress Lake is filled with cypress trees, alligators, turtles, birds, and fish.
Cypress quarters is on the left side and two-thirds of the way up.
Cypress swamps are places of beauty and mystery, providing sanctuary for wildlife.
Cypress swamps exist where water levels fluctuate.
Cypress swamps play a unique role in animal ecology.
Cypress swamps provide food, nesting sites, hibernation sites, and cover for a variety of species.
Cypress swamps recharge groundwater and play a role in regional flood control.
Cypress swamps serve many vital wetland functions.
A cypress tree is a coniferous tree
Cypress trees are another sure tip off of a change in structure level.
Cypress trees flourish along the perimeters of all the pools.
Cypress trees grow out of standing water.
Cypress trees have tall straight trunks with flared bottoms.
Cypress trees line the deeper creek channels of lakes showing the deeper areas by their absence.
Cypress trees line the shore, rising high overhead and providing a canopy to the river below.
Cypress trees offer year-round bass habitat.
Cypress trees provide the wood and mild steel is obtainable from Kenyan mills.
Cypress trees represent death.
Cypress trees scatter their pollen about a month after the cedar trees do.
Cypress vine is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful annual vines.
A cypress is wood
Cypress are seed-bearing plants or gymnosperms.
Cypress consists of co-ed suites.
Cypress continues to focus on high-growth sectors of the communications and networking markets.
Cypress domes typically exist as isolated depressions in very gently sloping landscapes.
Cypress eliminates fluid retention.
Cypress eliminates the headaches associated with incompatible application device drivers.
Cypress goes to great lengths to hire and retain the best people available.
Cypress grows mainly in the southern portion of the United States.
Cypress grows wild in the Louisiana swamps and so was readily available.
Cypress helps to balance oily skin and is helpful in treating acne.
Cypress increases the relative humidity inside the cage, because it retains moisture.
Cypress is almost impervious to rot and insects, making it a superior building material.
Cypress is different.
Cypress is durable and strong, yet lightweight for ease in installation.
Cypress is essential oil made from the leaves and cones of an evergreen cypress tree.
Cypress is even more exciting.
Cypress is even more specific, one group of pines.
Cypress is far from the only guess made by translators.
Cypress is found in wet regions and swamps.
Cypress is in decline and being replaced by hardwoods able to germinate beneath the closed canopy.
Cypress is in the group of woods offering the highest resistance to the elements.
Cypress is now a leader in the booming wireless market.
Cypress is peerless for treating all conditions involving excess fluids.
Cypress is resistant to insects and rot.
Cypress is resistant to moisture, strong, and has an attractive grain.
Cypress is simple .
Cypress is superbly workable, easily installed and readily finished.
Cypress is susceptible to fire.
Cypress is too lazy.
Cypress is very durable and resistant to alkalis, acids and other chemicals.
Cypress lasts the longest, but no box lasts more than about three years.
Cypress log cabin kit.
Cypress now offers tutoring through e-mail.
Cypress provides administrators with a single interface to the entire output environment.
Cypress provides easy to use online ordering.
Cypress reserves the right to substitute prototype boards based on product availability.
Cypress slabs for clocks, furniture and craft work.
Cypress spurge infestation in Ontario.
Cypress spurge is of Mediterranean-western Europe origin and is more genetically uniform.
Cypress stops bleeding, both externally and internally, including excessive menstrual flow.
Cypress strengthens weak connective tissue.
Cypress surround stagnant ponds.
Cypress wetlands for water management, recycling and conservation.
Cypress wetlands in southern Illinois.
Cypress works well with both hand and power tools.
Cypress works without difficulty and has a high degree of luster for a softwood.
Cypresses are conifers.
Cypresses are plants.
Cypresses are stations.
Cypresses are wood.
Cypresses duskily dissect the slopes into neat rectangles and squares.
Cypresses stand tall behind the church as if to add their own stately protection.
Many cypress are completely hollow.
Some cypress is dark, and some light.
Some cypri larvae have limits.
Some cypri larvae have time limits.
A cyprian is a woman
Cyprian speaks from heathen experience, then from the experience of a new birth.
A cyprinid is a bony fish
Cyprinids are nocturnal and attracted to luminescent lures, especially on cloudy or moonless nights.
Many cyprinids are herbivorous, feeding on plants or algae.
Most cyprinids are silvery to tan fishes of medium size, although many exceed two feet in length.
Cypriot art is as legitimate as Egyptian art, or even Greek art.
Cypriot cuisine is full of fresh ingredients, salads and vegetables as well as meat and fish.
Cypriot culture is among the oldest in the Mediterranean.
Cypriot flans are broader, and more regular.
Cypriot style is finer.
A cyproheptadine is antihistamine
Cyproheptadine comes in syrup and tablet form.
Cyproheptadine exerts a small degree of anticholinergic activity.
Cyprus is part of Mediterranean.
Cyprus isa thing.
Cyrillic alphabet is used in Etruscan.
Cyrillic alphabet is used.
Cyrillic alphabets are alphabets.
Cyrillic fonts cover Russian, Byelorussian, Ukrainian, Bulgarian and other languages.
Cyrillic script is used in Azerbaijan.
Cyrillic script is used.
Cyrillic text is included in the document.
Cyrillic text uses the appropriate character codes which correspond to the font's requirements.
Cyrix chip based systems seem to be good value.
Cyrix processors FPUs .
Cyrix settings differ from one production of chip to another.
A cyst is pathology
Cyst isa condition.
Cyst turns into trophozoite, the feeding stage, which divides by binary fission into more cysts.
Cysts allow some pathogens to survive outside their host.
Cysts also develop within the ovary.
Cysts also seem to be in the family.
Cysts also squeeze blood vessels, forcing increased blood pressure.
Cysts also squeeze on blood vessels forcing the pressure to rise.
Cysts also squeeze on blood vessels, forcing the pressure to rise.
Cysts also wash up on the shore.
Cysts apparently form from single vegatative cells.
Cysts are abnormal lumps or swellings that are filled with fluid or semisolid material.
Cysts are almost never due to cancer.
Cysts are also more likely to become infected in smokers.
Cysts are another matter altogether.
Cysts are barely visible to the naked eye.
Cysts are barely visible with the naked eye.
Cysts are benign and malignant transformation is exceedingly rare.
Cysts are carried away on the wind or on the feet of animals.
Cysts are different than polyps.
Cysts are diseases.
Cysts are distinguished by a retracted cytoplasm.
Cysts are due to entrapment of epithelial cells during fusion of the labial scrotal folds.
Cysts are fluid filled pockets that form in the tissues of the breast, causing a mass.
Cysts are fluid filled structures.
Cysts are fluid-filled cavities.
Cysts are fluid-filled sacs, and fibrosis refers to connective tissue or scar tissue formation.
Cysts are fluid-filled sacs, and fibrosis refers to the forming of connective tissue or scar tissue.
Cysts are fluid-filled sacs.
Cysts are formed as the nematodes continue to develop into egg-producing adults.
Cysts are formed, at least in the free-living species.
Cysts are forme'd.
Cysts are found in the feces of infected animals.
Cysts are frequently coalescent, and filled with straw colored fluid.
Cysts are generally spherical and have thick walls with or without extensive surface ornamentation.
Cysts are hardy little tablets that exit an infected animal's body along with feces.
Cysts are how protozoans survive in the environment outside the host's body.
Cysts are inactivated by most quaternary ammonium compounds, steam, and boiling water.
Cysts are just collections of fluid.
Cysts are large, inflamed lesions that are filled with pus.
Cysts are larger than bacteria and can be excluded by most filters.
Cysts are mobile with palpation and transilluminate.
Cysts are noncancerous round sacs containing water-like fluid.
Cysts are oval, have four nuclei, and have clearly visible axostyles .
Cysts are passed in a host's feces, remaining viable in a moist environment for months.
Cysts are pathology.
Cysts are present.
Cysts are protozoa that produce a special protective shell.
Cysts are quite common among women.
Cysts are rare in cecal material but com- mon in culture.
Cysts are resistant forms and are responsible for transmission of giardiasis.
Cysts are resistant to chemical and physical agents.
Cysts are round nodules under the skin that are filled with cheesy contents or fluid.
Cysts are sacs filled with fluid or semisolid material.
Cysts are sacs or pockets filled with fluid or semi-solid material.
Cysts are shitted out into wherever and the cycle repeats.
Cysts are small vesicles filled with a clear fluid and usually cause no complaints at all.
Cysts are stages with a protective membrane or thickened wall.
Cysts are swellings in the lining of the membrane, filled with fluid or semi-fluid material.
Cysts are the 'eggs' made by parasites.
Cysts are the environmental survival form and infective stage of the organism.
Cysts are the infective stage.
Cysts are the other extreme of fibrocystic changes.
Cysts are the parasite stage responsible for transmission of balantidiasis .
Cysts are the size of a pin-head or the point of a pen.
Cysts are used to survive the bad times in an environment.
Cysts are usually distinguishable from solid tumors by ultrasound.
Cysts are usually small, appear in limited numbers, and cause no serious problems.
Cysts are very common and usually benign.
Cysts are very common for many women.
Cysts are very common on the epididymis.
Cysts are virtually never cancerous.
Cysts arising in the first branchial cleft appear beneath the posterior half of the mandible.
Cysts begin as a blisterlike structure on the kidney.
Cysts bulge out.
Cysts can also confuse the veterinarian when checking for pregnancy by ultrasound.
Cysts can also form in other organs such as the liver.
Cysts can also resolve without intervention.
Cysts can be inside the kidney as well as on the outside.
Cysts can be painful and leave scars.
Cysts can be up near the syrface of the skin and look more superficial, like whiteheads on the face.
Cysts can be very painful, and scarring is often the end result.
Cysts can cause other, less daunting symptoms.
Cysts can exist outside of the body for months without losing their ability to infect new hosts.
Cysts can extend into the underlying bones and cause other types of problems.
Cysts can feel either soft or hard.
Cysts can form almost anywhere in the body, but they are especially common in the kidneys.
Cysts can last in the environment for several weeks.
Cysts can occur in association with tumors or infections or can be congenital.
Cysts can occur on the voice box.
Cysts can reappear at a later date, in which case they are simply drained again.
Cysts can remain viable in cold water for two months.
Cysts can survive cold climates.
Cysts can survive outside the body for several weeks under favourable conditions.
Cysts can travel to other ponds on the wind or on the feet, feathers or fur of large animals.
Cysts cause bone destruction, jaw expansion and displacement or damage to nearby teeth.
Cysts cause effects.
Cysts cause mass effects.
Cysts cause pain.
Cysts cause problems.
Cysts cause respiratory problems.
Cysts cause shoulder pain.
Cysts come and go.
Cysts contain clear fluid or hemorrhagic material.
Cysts contain clear thin fluid.
Cysts contain fluid.
Cysts contaminate the water supply.
Cysts destroy bones.
Cysts develop in the kidneys and grow, destroying normal tissue.
Cysts develop over month periods.
Cysts develop over periods.
Cysts form in the bones and can make nearby joints swollen and tender.
Cysts form in the lower intestines and are then passed in the feces.
Cysts form in the ovary every month after puberty.
Cysts form, as far as is known, from single trophic cells.
Cysts grow and develop over a period of years.
Cysts have cell walls.
Cysts have distinct cell walls.
Cysts have resistant walls.
Cysts have thicker walls than swimming cells.
Cysts have thin walls.
Cysts have walls.
Cysts normally develop during the menstrual cycle.
Cysts occur deeper within the pores in the form of swollen red or white pustules.
Cysts occur in live, lung or occasionally brain and other tissues.
Cysts occur more frequently when an animal is under stress.
Cysts remains infectious for prolonged periods in the environment.
Cysts represent the resting stage that enables the parasite to survive outside the body.
Cysts resolve by themselves, but fibroadenomas continue to grow.
Cysts tend to appear during adulthood, grow slowly, and persist indefinitely.
Cysts tend to appear suddenly and grow quickly.
Cysts tend to be slightly more purple.
Cysts tend to stay constant, slowly enlarge or regress whereas solid tumors grow slowly.
Cysts turn dark brown with age.
Cysts frequently disappear after aspiration and the removal of fluid.
Cysts often go away without treatment.
Cysts usually appear as rounded densities on a mammogram.
Cysts usually aren t cancerous.
Many cysts are completely normal.
Many cysts produce no symptoms at all.
Most cysts cause effects.
Most cysts cause mass effects.
Most cysts cause pain.
Most cysts cause problems.
Most cysts cause respiratory problems.
Most cysts cause shoulder pain.
Most cysts contain fluid.
Most cysts destroy bones.
Most cysts develop over month periods.
Most cysts develop over periods.
Most cysts go away on their own after a few menstrual cycles.
Most cysts have cell walls.
Most cysts have distinct cell walls.
Most cysts have resistant walls.
Most cysts have thin walls.
Most cysts have walls.
Most cysts probably remain dormant for the life of the host.
Most cysts require no treatment.
Some cysts are tiny, but others can be as large as an egg.
Some cysts cause damage.
Some cysts cause focal seizures.
Some cysts cause infection.
Some cysts cause kidney damage.
Some cysts cause reaction.
Some cysts cause seizures.
Some cysts cause serious damage.
Some cysts cause serious kidney damage.
Some cysts contain blood.
Some cysts depend on locations.
Some cysts form during development of the embryo but the majority form later in life.
Some cysts form in the lung.
Some cysts induce infection.
Some cysts interfere with absorption.
Some cysts occur in moose.
Some cysts occur in muscles.
Some cysts occur in ovaries.
Some cysts persist for years.
Some cysts produce spores.
Some cysts produce symptoms.
Some cysts require solutions.
Some cysts show septations.
Some cysts tend to adhere to the posterior surface of the cornea.
Cysteine determination tends to be a difficult and time consuming procedure.
Cysteine proteinases are important virulence factors, which are encoded by at least six genes.
Cysteine residues are important participants in the catalytic actions of phosphatases.
Cysteine residues are reactive and readily form disulfide bonds.
Cysteine destroys free radicals and thereby protects healthy cells.
Cysteine is amino acid
Cystic acne is a deeper infection of the skin and is more likely to lead to permanent scarring.
Cystic acne is a severe form of acne that can cause pitting and scarring.
Cystic acne is the most severe form.
Cystic contents are usually hyperechogenic due to the presence of mucus.
Some cystic cows show very frequent and irregular heats.
Cystic degeneration can lead to serious problems also.
Cystic dilatation can occur in extrahepatic, intra hepatic bile ducts or in both.
Cystic fibrosis affects children of both sexes.
Cystic fibrosis affects specific cell type in cystic fibrosis.
Cystic fibrosis affects specific cell type in sweat gland secretory coil.
Cystic fibrosis affects the cells that produce mucus, sweat and digestive juices.
Cystic fibrosis affects the entire body .
Cystic fibrosis affects the entire body.
Cystic fibrosis affects the mucus and sweat glands of the body and is caused by a defective gene.
Cystic fibrosis can lead to excessive loss of potassium due to loss in sweat.
Cystic fibrosis has a parallel in resistance to cholera in the population.
Cystic fibrosis has a variety of symptoms .
Cystic fibrosis has a variety of symptoms.
Cystic fibrosis is a chronic illness involving many body organs.
Cystic fibrosis is a common cause of chronic pancreatitis in children.
Cystic fibrosis is a common genetic disorder in the Caucasian population.
Cystic fibrosis is a complex, chronic disease.
Cystic fibrosis is a condition in which thick mucus is formed in the lungs and breathing passages.
Cystic fibrosis is a devastating genetic disease common in people of north- European descent.
Cystic fibrosis is a failure in the chloride channels.
Cystic fibrosis is a fatal, congenital lung disease.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic defect that causes excessive mucus production that clogs the airways.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disease that affects the respiratory and digestive systems.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disease that causes a constant thick mucous in the respiratory system.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disease where the child receives a mutant gene from each parent.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disease.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disorder caused by a recessive allele at a single gene.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disorder that fills the lungs with mucus.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disorder that results in a mutated chloride ion channel.
Cystic fibrosis is a genetic disorder which is caused by a recessive allele.
Cystic fibrosis is a hereditary disorder of the lungs and digestive system.
Cystic fibrosis is a life-threatening condition.
Cystic fibrosis is a life-threatening genetic disease.
Cystic fibrosis is a lung disease caused by a mutant gene.
Cystic fibrosis is a recessive autosomal trait.
Cystic fibrosis is a serious disease which is normally fatal in early adulthood.
Cystic fibrosis is a severe disorder of the lungs and digestive system.
Cystic fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder that affects multiple organs.
Cystic fibrosis is an example of a genetic disease.
Cystic fibrosis is an example of a recessive disorder.
Cystic fibrosis is an example of an advantageous mutation.
Cystic fibrosis is an example of an autosomal recessive disorder.
Cystic fibrosis is an example of an inherited disease that is caused by a mutation on a gene.
Cystic fibrosis is an incurable disease.
Cystic fibrosis is an inherited condition.
Cystic fibrosis is an inherited disease affecting many organs.
Cystic fibrosis is an inherited disease that affects the entire body.
Cystic fibrosis is an inherited disease that affects the respiratory and digestive systems.
Cystic fibrosis is an inherited disease that affects the respiratory and digestivesystems.
Cystic fibrosis is another genetic disease being tested for.
Cystic fibrosis is caused by a defective gene inherited by offspring from each parent.
Cystic fibrosis is caused by a defective gene that affects multiple aspects of cellular function.
Cystic fibrosis is caused by a recessive allele.
Cystic fibrosis is caused by faulty transferal of salt from within organs and their outer surfaces.
Cystic fibrosis is caused by one faulty gene.
Cystic fibrosis is caused primarily by a defective chloride-channel gene.
Cystic fibrosis is characterized by abnormally thick mucous that clogs the lungs.
Cystic fibrosis is deemed the most common fatal genetic disease in the United States today.
Cystic fibrosis is diagnosed by testing sweat and by testing lung or pancreas function.
Cystic fibrosis is diagnosed with a sweat test, which measures the amount of salt in perspiration.
Cystic fibrosis is diseases.
Cystic fibrosis is equally common in boys and girls.
Cystic fibrosis is fibrosis
Cystic fibrosis is fibrosis.
Cystic fibrosis is genetic conditions.
Cystic fibrosis is illnesses.
Cystic fibrosis is inherited as .
Cystic fibrosis is inherited as a simple recessive.
Cystic fibrosis is inherited as an autosomal recessive trait.
Cystic fibrosis is just one of the hundreds of genetic birth defects that occur each year.
Cystic fibrosis is most common in the Caucasian population.
Cystic fibrosis is no longer only a children's disease.
Cystic fibrosis is one disease that researchers are trying to cure through gene therapy.
Cystic fibrosis is one of the best understood human genetic diseases.
Cystic fibrosis is one of the genetic diseases for which gene therapy has been developed.
Cystic fibrosis is one of the most common autosomal recessive disorders in the United States.
Cystic fibrosis is one of the most common genetic diseases in Caucasian populations.
Cystic fibrosis is one of the most common inherited single gene disorders in Caucasians.
Cystic fibrosis is one of the most common of the serious inherited disorders present in children.
Cystic fibrosis is the deadliest genetic disease in the u-s.
Cystic fibrosis is the first genetic disorder discussed.
Cystic fibrosis is the leading genetic killer in the United States.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common fatal genetic disease among white children.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common fatal genetic illness among whites.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common fatal hereditary disease in the United States.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common fatal inherited disease in Caucasians.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common genetic disorder.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common inherited disease in the U.S. white population.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common lethal genetic disease in the United States.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common lethal hereditary disorder affecting children and young adults.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common recessive disease in the caucasian population.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common severe inherited disease in whites.
Cystic fibrosis is the most common, fatal genetic disease in the United States.
Cystic fibrosis is the most frequent lethal genetic disease of childhood.
Cystic fibrosis is the number one genetic killer of children and young adults in the United States.
Cystic fibrosis is the number one genetic killer of children.
Cystic fibrosis occurs in all ethnic groups.
Cystic fibrosis occurs most commonly among people of Northern European descent.
Cystic fibrosis occurs when both genes in the pair have a mutation.
Cystic fibrosis takes a toll on families as well.
Some cystic fibrosis causes problems.
Cystic masses are less likely to be malignant and more amenable to aspiration and cytology.
Cystic pheochromocytoma is a rare tumor of the adrenal gland that can pose a diagnostic challenge.
Cystic spaces appear empty because sweat is removed during processing.
Most cystic teratomas are benign, whereas most solid tumors are malignant.
Cystic tumors are particularly likely to recur when merely debulked.
A cystine is amino acid
Cystine can build up in the urine to form a stone.
Cystine can form covalent bonds to another cystine.
Cystine disulfides involved in catalysis of peroxide reduction.
Cystine is a natural conditioner used in dough that is made from duck feathers and human hair.
Cystine is a structural component of tissues and hormones.
Cystine is believed to play more of a role in body maintenance than in growth.
Cystine is one of the building blocks that make up muscles, nerves, and other parts of the body.
Cystine is present in considerable amounts and forms disulfide bonds.
Cystine is produced endogenously from the metabolism of dietary methionine.
Cystine is the least soluble amino acid.
Cystines are amino acid.
Cystines are chemical compounds.
A cystocele is herniation
Cystoceles can cause urine leakage when simple body functions such as sneezing or coughing occur.
Cytal solution is a combination of mannitol and sorbitol.
Cytochemical evaluation is important for diagnostic confirmation of the morphologic findings.
Cytochrome c is a cytochrome
Cytochrome c is found in the organelles of normal cells.
Cytochrome oxidase consists of two cytochromes and two copper atoms.
Cytochrome oxidase is a membrane bound dimer.
Cytochrome oxidase is a staining technique which preferentially stains metabolically active neurons.
Cytochrome oxidase is an enzyme used in metabolism.
Cytochrome oxidase is one of the enzymes essential for cell metabolism.
Cytochrome oxidase is the essential terminal enzyme of aerobic respiration from yeast to man.
Cytochrome pigments are absent but cytochrome and succinic oxidase ac- tivity are present.
A cytochrome is a protein
Cytochromes also convert some substances to more hazardous forms.
Cytochromes are cytochromes.
Cytochromes are enzymes that work to change the chemical structure of a drug.
Cytochromes are members of both the respiratory chain and photosynthesis.
Cytochromes are one of many proteins whose activity requires the specific binding of a ligand.
Cytochromes are protein molecules that harbor a chromophore, a color-absorbing molecule.
Cytogenetic analysis is useful in characterizing many hematologic malignancies.
Cytogenetic bands have global coords.
Cytogenetic laboratories report chromosomal anomalies once a year.
Cytogenetic mechanisms affecting recombination are discussed in Chap.
Cytogenetic research helps link chromosomes to specific traits including diseases.
Cytogenetic testing can also help identify small-cell lung cancer and neuroblastoma.
Cytokine receptors are somewhat unique among receptors.
Many cytokine receptors consist of subunit structure.
Some cytokine storms increase tolerance.
A cytokine is a protein
Cytokine changes after a marathon race.
Cytokine isa protein.
Cytokine regulates the expression of adhesion molecules.
Cytokines act on other cells by bonding to cytokine receptors on the surface of cells.
Cytokines affect the nervous system both directly and indirectly.
Cytokines also have an effect on other systems as well.
Cytokines also help cells communicate with each other.
Cytokines are a family of signalling molecules with a pivotal role in cell-cell interactions.
Cytokines are a family of small proteins that mediate an organism's response to injury or infection.
Cytokines are a group of proteins which serve an important role in intercellular signaling.
Cytokines are a large and diverse group of molecules which mediate interactions between cells.
Cytokines are a major area of investigation.
Cytokines are a signalling mechanisms that cells use to communicate with each other.
Cytokines are also highly antiviral and anti-tumorous.
Cytokines are another class of chemicals that regulate tumor growth.
Cytokines are another promising area of research into immune restoration.
Cytokines are basic regulators of all neutrophil functions.
Cytokines are basically small proteins on the cell surface involved in cell signalling.
Cytokines are biochemical messengers that energize dermal action.
Cytokines are chemical messengers that activate the immune system.
Cytokines are chemical messengers that play a role in the immune system.
Cytokines are chemical substances that are secreted by lymphocytes, monocytes and macrophages.
Cytokines are chemical substances that trigger and regulate immune response.
Cytokines are chemicals that the immune system uses to communicate between cells.
Cytokines are compounds that resemble hormones, and normally foster communication between cells.
Cytokines are crucial to an organism's self-defense.
Cytokines are effective over a short range.
Cytokines are hormone-like proteins that are produced locally in the udder in very low levels.
Cytokines are important in the diagnosis of septicaemia.
Cytokines are important mediators of acute inflammatory lung injury.
Cytokines are important mediators of pulmonary inflammation.
Cytokines are important soluble mediators of immune function.
Cytokines are in use as anti-cancer drugs.
Cytokines are medicines which regulate or modify the growth of specific cells.
Cytokines are natural cellular substances, which signal cells to perform specific functions.
Cytokines are natural proteins made by all cells, both normal and malignant.
Cytokines are peptides.
Cytokines are potentially toxic molecules and can even be lethal.
Cytokines are protein hormones that function as growth factors and regulators of cellular responses.
Cytokines are protein molecules released by cells in response to activation or injury.
Cytokines are proteins produced by immune cells affect the behavior of other cells.
Cytokines are proteins produced by one cell that influence the behavior of other cells.
Cytokines are proteins produced by the immune system to facilitate communication between cells.
Cytokines are proteins that act as regulators in immune function, metabolism and sleep.
Cytokines are proteins that act to orchestrate signals between immune cells.
Cytokines are proteins that are known to stimulate the immune system.
Cytokines are proteins that carry messages between cells and regulate immunity and inflammation.
Cytokines are proteins that help cells communicate with each other.
Cytokines are proteins that produce inflammation to help the body fight infections.
Cytokines are proteins.
Cytokines are small hormnone like polypeptides.
Cytokines are small molecules which carry local messages between cells.
Cytokines are small proteins that facilitate everything from wound healing to killing tumors.
Cytokines are soluble mediators, produced by leukocytes that regulate interactions between cells.
Cytokines are soluble proteins produced by nucleated cells throughout the body.
Cytokines are substances produced by some immune system cells to communicate with other cells.
Cytokines are the proteins that cells use to signal from one to another.
Cytokines are very important in fighting infection or inflammation.
Cytokines attract to the scene large numbers of other phagocytes known as neutrophils.
Cytokines bind with target cells bearing specific cytokine receptors.
Cytokines can be both immunostimulatory and immunosuppressive.
Cytokines can make old skin , new again.
Cytokines cause cell death through an excess production of oxidizing agents and nitric oxide.
Cytokines cause the body s temperature to elevate by resetting the brain s thermostat.
Cytokines damage the blood-brain barrier causing efflux of fluid, humoral factors, and cells.
Cytokines even influence the brain and the nervous system.
Cytokines finally induce the production of the prostaglandins that result in delivery.
Cytokines have (part) atoms.
Cytokines have (part) chemical chain.
Cytokines have (part) chemical groups.
Cytokines induce deoxyribonucleic acid strand breaks and apoptosis in human pancreatic islet cells.
Cytokines induce production.
Cytokines modulate the numerous immune functions.
Cytokines normally play an important role in the immune system by causing inflammation.
Cytokines operate by transmitting signals between cells in an organism.
Cytokines play a fundamental role in adhesion molecule expression.
Cytokines play an important role in allograft rejection.
Cytokines play important roles as autocrine and paracrine regulators.
Cytokines promote antibody production.
Cytokines promote production.
Cytokines rally white blood cells called macrophages to devour and destroy the parasites.
Cytokines regulate endotoxin stimulation of endothelial cell arginine transport .
Cytokines regulate immune responses.
Cytokines regulate the cellular phenotype of developing neural lineage species.
Cytokines regulate the intensity and duration of immune responses.
Cytokines signal through tyrosine phosphorylation of a family of related transcription factor.
Cytokines signal to other immune cells that there is a foreign antigen present .
Cytokines signal to other immune cells that there is a foreign antigen present.
Cytokines stimulate cellular release of specific compounds involved in the inflammatory response.
Cytokines stimulate differentiations.
Cytokines work by signal transduction .
Cytokines work by signal transduction.
Cytokines work through receptors and kinases to help provide regulation of many cellular processes.
Many cytokines are presently under investigation.
Many cytokines are under study, to determine their effect on the immune system.
Most cytokines induce production.
Most cytokines promote antibody production.
Most cytokines promote production.
Most cytokines stimulate differentiations.
Some cytokines act on bone marrow.
Some cytokines act on marrow.
Some cytokines act on receptors.
Some cytokines affect behaviour.
Some cytokines are known to activate macrophages.
Some cytokines are produced by mothers.
Some cytokines can have different effects.
Some cytokines can have effects.
Some cytokines induce inflammatory responses.
Some cytokines induce responses.
Some cytokines inhibit growth.
Some cytokines promote differentiations.
Some cytokines promote osteoclast differentiations.
Some cytokines result in death.
Some cytokines suppress inflammation, while others promote it.
Cytokinesis begins at the end of mitosis, during telephase.
Cytokinesis begins in anaphase.
Cytokinesis continues in telophase and is completed in interphase.
Cytokinesis follows mitosis.
Cytokinesis is a biological process
Cytokinesis is part of meiosis.
Cytokinesis is part of mitosis.
Cytokinesis isa process.
Cytokinesis occurs as it does following mitosis.
Cytokinesis occurs at the position established by the bud-site selection machinery.
Cytokinesis occurs producing four haploid daughter cells.
Cytokinesis pushes inward, splitting the cells in two.
Cytokinesis reaches completion, creating two daughter cells.
Cytokinesis takes places.
Most cytokinesis takes places.
Some cytokinesis involves construction.
Some cytokinesis is part of meiosis.
Some cytokinesis is part of mitosis.
Some cytokinesis is part of nondisjunction.
Some cytokinesis occurs in plants.
Cytokinin biosynthesis happens through the biochemical modification of adenine.
Cytokinin induces expression of several early response genes.
Cytokinin is a growth regulator
Cytokinin is plant hormones.
Cytokinin plays an important role in the growth of plants by regulating cell division.
Cytokinins also have many identified structures, perhaps the most common one in plants is zeatin.
Cytokinins also maintain cell growth, differentiation, and division.
Cytokinins are chemical compounds that stimulate cell growth.
Cytokinins are hormones in plants that are found both naturally and synthetically .
Cytokinins are hormones in plants that are found both naturally and synthetically.
Cytokinins are hormones that promote cell division.
Cytokinins are involved in repair, too.
Cytokinins are like the fountain of youth in plants.
Cytokinins are primarily available as seaweed extracts.
Cytokinins are responsible for circadian rhythms.
Cytokinins are strong promoters of bud growth and leaf growth stimulation.
Cytokinins are used in tissue culture media, and for growth control in fruit.
Cytokinins can also cause a delay in leaf senescence.
Cytokinins can slow down the aging of some plant organs.
Cytokinins cause nutrient diversion.
Cytokinins cause pith cells to form buds.
Cytokinins enhance the cycle cycle especially in endosperm tissue.
Cytokinins exert their influence by activating genes and promoting protein synthesis .
Cytokinins increase shoot proliferation but decrease rooting and increase vitrification.
Cytokinins present in the seaweed toughen the plant cell walls.
Cytokinins promote cell division, promote leaf expansion, and retard leaf aging.
Cytokinins stimulate mitosis in actively developing plant parts.
Cytokinins stimulate the expansion of cotyledons.
Cytologic diagnosis is advised.
Cytologic evaluation is usually capable of determining the source as thyroid tissue.
Cytologic interpretation is correlated with tissue biopsy when possible.
Cytological evidence suggests that C .
Cytological examination enables the identification of conditions such as infections and cancers.
Cytological smears show yeast forms and branching pseudohyphae.
Cytological studies show some of the nuclear changes, especially in chromosome numbers.
A cytologist is a biologist
Cytologists are biologists.
Cytologists can find employment in research laboratories and pharmaceutical industry.
Cytologists create reports from drill-down menus.
Cytologists label chromosomes with numbers.
Cytologists prefer the second-morning specimen but, the aim of the tests is quite different.
Cytologists study minute particles of plant tissue with the help of microscopes.
Cytology is a microscopic anatomy
Cytology is biology
Cytology is complex, requiring intense visual review of cells.
Cytology reveals that the patient has malignant pleural effusion.
A cytolysin is a substance
Cytolysin favors the appearance of circulating enterococci.
Cytolysis removes an obstacle so that the oxidations become possible.
Cytomagnetic fields form the substance of cellular experiential reality.
A cytomegalovirus is a herpes virus
Cytomegalovirus retinitis in a young homosexual male with acquired immunodeficiency.
Cytomegalovirus retinitis in the era of highly active antiretroviral therapy.
Cytopathic virus is most important in the pathogenesis of mucosal disease .
Cytopathological correlation is the cornerstone of cervical pathology.
Cytopenia is blood disorder
Cytopenias are possibly secondary to hemophagocytosis and bone marrow failure.
Cytoplasm contains concentration.
Cytoplasm contains essential proteins, molecules, and other substances for the cell to survive.
Cytoplasm contains fine granules.
Cytoplasm contains glycogen.
Cytoplasm contains lamellar bodies of surfactant.
Cytoplasm contains two major types of granules.
Cytoplasm fills each cell and surrounds the nucleus.
Cytoplasm flows into the oocyte through ring canals connecting the nurse cells to the oocyte.
Cytoplasm has (part) corpi.
Cytoplasm has (part) cytoskeletons.
Cytoplasm has functions.
Cytoplasm has various functions.
Cytoplasm is a protoplasm
Cytoplasm is delicate and lacy.
Cytoplasm is eosinophillic and fibrillary.
Cytoplasm is extremely deformable and very flexible.
Cytoplasm is part of cells.
Cytoplasm is present.
Cytoplasm is scant and basophilic.
Cytoplasm is so essential to the cell, it requires working order to operate and maintain life.
Cytoplasm isa substance.
Cytoplasm leads to activations.
Cytoplasm leads to cell activations.
Cytoplasm mediates both development and oxidation-induced apoptotic cell death in mouse zygotes.
Cytoplasm pinches apart like a balloon with a string around it.
Cytoplasm shows variable basophilia.
Cytoplasm always surrounds the nucleus.
Most cytoplasm contains concentration.
Most cytoplasm contains glycogen.
Most cytoplasm has basophilic staining.
Most cytoplasm has functions.
Most cytoplasm has various functions.
Most cytoplasm leads to activations.
Most cytoplasm leads to cell activations.
Some cytoplasm contains different organelles.
Some cytoplasm contains genetic information.
Some cytoplasm contains information.
Some cytoplasm contains organelles.
Some cytoplasm occurs during telophase.
Cytoplasmic actin is regulated by various regulatory factors.
Cytoplasmic borders are evident.
Cytoplasmic chaperones determine the targeting pathway of precursor proteins to mitochondria.
Cytoplasmic cleavage begins as anaphase draws to a close and organelles are distributed.
Cytoplasmic color goes from deep basophilic immature cell to a red mature rbc.
Cytoplasmic dilution induces antidiuretic hormone water channel retrieval in toad urinary bladder.
Cytoplasmic division follows nuclear fission and separation of the daughter nuclei.
Cytoplasmic division occurs during the formation of a cell plate.
Some cytoplasmic division takes places.
Cytoplasmic domains remain outside the organelle and intra-lumenal domains remain inside.
Cytoplasmic factors influence the angle and timing of the formation of the mitotic spindle.
Cytoplasmic flow is disrupted by drugs that depolymerise microtubules.
Some cytoplasmic fragmentation requires protein synthesis.
Some cytoplasmic fragmentation requires synthesis.
All cytoplasmic genes come from the mother.
Cytoplasmic genome is designated by capitals.
Cytoplasmic granules are prominent.
Cytoplasmic inheritance can be maternal or biparental .
Cytoplasmic membrane is clearly innermost.
Cytoplasmic membrane is only unit membrane system of majority of prokaryotes.
Some cytoplasmic membranes result in leakage.
Cytoplasmic proteins require for cell survival.
Cytoplasmic proteins require for survival.
Most cytoplasmic proteins require for cell survival.
Most cytoplasmic proteins require for survival.
Cytoplasmic side has tyrosine kinase activity c.
Cytoplasmic vacuoles are common.
Cytoreductive surgery is indicated for advanced-stage disease.
Cytosine isa alkali.
Some cytosine has rings.
Cytoskeletal actin gates a Cl- channel in neocortical astrocytes.
Cytoskeletal alterations are also present in neuronal damage elicited by excitatory amino acids.
Cytoskeletal components are also critical for the process of cell division.
Cytoskeletal filaments provide the basis for cell movement.
Cytoskeletal proteins are sensitive substrates of calpains, caspases and other proteases.
Cytoskeletal reorganization is controlled using pharmacologic agents.
Cytoskeleton isa body part.
Cytoskeletons have (part) corpi.
Some cytoskeletons are part of axons.
Some cytoskeletons are part of cells.
Some cytoskeletons are part of choanocytes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of cytoplasm.
Some cytoskeletons are part of cytosol.
Some cytoskeletons are part of dendrites.
Some cytoskeletons are part of eggs.
Some cytoskeletons are part of erythrocytes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of gametes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of leukocytes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of lymphocytes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of melanocytes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of myofibril.
Some cytoskeletons are part of neurons.
Some cytoskeletons are part of nits.
Some cytoskeletons are part of oocytes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of osteoblasts.
Some cytoskeletons are part of osteoclasts.
Some cytoskeletons are part of osteocytes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of ova.
Some cytoskeletons are part of phagocytes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of plasmodiums.
Some cytoskeletons are part of spawn.
Some cytoskeletons are part of sperm.
Some cytoskeletons are part of spermatids.
Some cytoskeletons are part of spermatocytes.
Some cytoskeletons are part of zygotes.
Cytosol has (part) corpi.
Cytosol has (part) cytoskeletons.
Cytosol is cytoplasm
Cytosol is the content of cytoplasm without organelle like chloroplast and mitochondrion.
Cytosol isa cytoplasm.
Cytosol refers to the fluid contained by the cell membrane.
Cytosolic peptidases can finish the digestion to single amino acids.
Cytostatic therapies inhibit cellular signaling or interfere with cancer cell growth.
Cytotoxic agents kills rapidly dividing cells, such as lymphocytes and therefore inhibit activation.
Cytotoxic agents release serotonin from enterochromaffin cells in the gut.
A cytotoxic drug is medicine
Cytotoxic drugs are usually combined with high doses of steroids.
Cytotoxic drugs work over a long period of time.
Cytotoxic reactions can also cause anaphylaxis, via complement activation.
Cytotoxic testing fails on all scientific counts.
Cytotoxic venom attacks body tissue.
Cytotoxic venom attacks tissue.
Cytotoxic venom causes pain.
Cytotoxic venom causes severe pain.
Most cytotoxic venom causes pain.
Most cytotoxic venom causes severe pain.
Cytotoxic waste needs to be kept separate for incineration.
Cytotoxicity is associated mainly with the alpha chain.
A cytotoxin is a toxin
Cytotoxins are non-specific toxins.
Cytotoxins kill living cells.
Cytotrophoblast cells are present, but difficult to detect.
Cytoxan therapy can produce serious side effects.
CYW students provide a solid link with the high school guidance office.
A czar is a tyrant
Czars use exclamations, by claiming the preposition, as an oath, to replace mutual vowels.
Czech archives are open to researchers and claimants.
Czech authorities deny that they keep information on ethnicity.
Czech beads are perhaps the most widely used.
Czech beer is good, no doubt about it.
Many Czech beers are also very tasty.
Czech carrier offers numerous flights to and from Prague.
Czech citizens have the freedom to travel and the right to choose their residence and employment.
Most Czech citizens are now rather frustrated with politics.
Czech Composers Welcome to the database of Czech composers.
Czech cuisine is basically central European, with German, Hungarian and Polish influences.
Czech cuisine is quite heavy.
Czech eggs tend to be more pictorial than Ukrainian and Russian eggs.
Czech environmentalists agree.
Czech films have their own section.
Czech Girls Live Onlive Live Video and chat.
Czech history is a story of valour and grace shining through dark times.
Czech hockey is technique.
Czech journalists are, on the whole, afraid to stand out from the crowd.
Czech lands become region of religious tolerance.
Czech lines are straight out of Dante's inferno.
Czech literature is inseparable from Czech history.
Czech machines are simple to assemble and simple and easy to use.
Czech manufacturers have to assess the tax themselves, in accordance with other tax laws.
Czech music is played on the street every day.
Czech officials insist that the plant is safe.
Czech people change jobs every couple months because there are so many opportunities here.
Czech police have seized their largest ever cache of Ecstasy, customs officials say.
Czech politicians are obviously unaware of the role that an efficient media plays in a democracy.
Czech politicians expect public media to act more or less as their PR agency.
Czech psychiatrists report carrot addiction in patients.
Czech republic is a beautiful country.
Czech republic is beautiful country.
Czech servicemen have also a considerable advantage.
Czech society is differentiated.
Czech society is very formal.
Czech spas are also significant centre of social life.
Czech spas are famous, as is the beer.
Czech statistics contain other divisions of SMEs.
Czech TV broadcasts two sets of news programs now.
Czech wisdom has it that there is a grain of truth in every piece of nonsense.
Czechoslovak ship lands Somali shipwreck survivors.
Czechoslovakian scientists divert the rock's path to a collision course with Washington.
Czechoslovakian trees display ornaments made from painted egg shells.
D ad is a fun guy to be around.
D ad is truly a miracle to be here.
D additions ca.
D aircraft is canceled.
D aircraft is for the delivery of tactical weapons.
D ale is a creator of the unique.
D anger is always there.
D blade indicates a drop point.
D bonds are bonds that are unrated.
D bonds are the least likely to be able to repay.
D candidate doing primary dissertation research are eligible.
D candidates are eligible.
D candidates are women.
D candidates can apply to be associate members.
D candidates face in the shrinking academia job market.
D candidates is substantial.
D course is three years with the possibility of an extension to four.
D courses are about three years.
D- D escribe how a glacier forms.
D D indicates an unsatisfactory performance.
D D is for Death.
D degree are also available.
D degree consists of a three year research training programme.
D degree is offered at the graduate level.
D degree is required.
D degree requires proficiency in two foreign languages.
D degrees are from some of the finest universities in the country.
D degrees involve a large content of research.
D degrees is the preparation of leadership personnel.
All D designations are rack mountable and studio configurable.
D dissertation focuses on the coordination of distributed software components.
D dissertation is required of all graduate students.
D E Is anything happening to have to go to sea.
D expenditures converted with market exchange rates exhibit wild fluctuations.
D form is used.
D housing designates a type of housing available only to upperclassmen and graduate students.
D ink has a pointless adventure.
D ink is sent to investigate mysterious earthquakes in the North.
D ink loses the scarf to a band of thieves.
D ink saves the people of a small village.
D ink takes a vaction that goes bad.
D ink travels to a strange new land in peril.
D ink visits a strange city.
D ink visits the slaughterhouse.
D levels are also available.
D life is just a page.
D lines give information on books and periodicals.
D measurement is approximate rounding measurements E definition.
D noise includes electronic noise contribution of the detector and pre amplifier.
D o be careful with strangers.
D O bring lots of film.
D o check out our ad specialties.
D o come back for more.
D o embrace the Internet as an educational tool.
D o learn the rules of the road.
D O observe proper foliage etiquette.
D O provide a quality capabilities brochure that is neat, accurate, and to the point.
D o take a look at our programs.
D o take a moment to stroll through our spacious backyard .
D o take time to wander leisurely through our web site.
D o use the right tools.
D papers have major problems in several areas.
Most D papers fail to organize a central idea logically or to develop it fully.
D performance is highly concentrated and relatively stable.
D pod is the loneliest.
D position requires excellent organizational skills and some supervisory experience.
D positions become available at irregular times during the year.
D program are open to all graduate degree seeking students.
D program emphasizes accounting, economics and statistics.
D program has a long and distinguished history.
D program has a strong quantitative orientation.
D program includes some exams before the thesis.
D program is administrative leadership at the school district level.
D program is an integrated six-year program designed for students working toward the doctorate.
D program is based on successful completion of the qualifying examination.
D program is designed as a four-year program.
D program is designed for advanced scholars with interest in communication sciences and disorders.
D program is intense but also supportive.
D program is offered for personnel in the member organizations of the West-Swedish IT Association.
D program is research oriented.
D program provides in-depth training in medical sociology, criminology, and race and ethnic studies.
D programs are both available, each with different purposes.
D programs are generally quite high, they do vary somewhat from school to school.
D programs is offset.
D programs is the submission, approval, and successful oral defense of the doctoral dissertation.
D programme is conditional upon a satisfactory report and interview.
D programme is largely a research programme.
D programme is the transition of the research student towards independence.
D programme requires a minimum of four years of study.
D programme takes about four years to complete.
D purpose is to satisfy personal, domestic or non-commercial communal needs.
D r is de IJ-oever nog te veroveren.
D raftsman understands.
D ream is a second life.
D reams are a window into our unconscious.
D reams are a window into the psyche.
D reams are an important channel between the spiritual and material world.
D reams are the imaginary visions of the act of creation that appear to the soul in exile.
D reams can therefore be powerful allies in the process of effecting change.
D reams do come true.
D reamers are couch potatoes.
D research is to examine how the cerebral hemispheres process orthographic information in words.
D resolutions are from deputies.
D ring fits most all handcuffs.
D rings allow side slung cylinders and accessories.
D rings are solid brass.
D scheme can supply without thermally overloading the remaining two single-phase units.
D size is really a C in a D case.
D songs are great.
D source reflects the life of the spiritual-ethical stage.
D spending tends to be curtailed in companies that have undergone a leveraged buyout.
D students do the minimal work required in class.
D students graduate with an equally solid knowledge of all three areas.
D students have access to a comprehensive programme of research training.
D students have active roles as teaching assistants.
D students involved is given here.
D students ir.
D students is to decide on a specific graduate department before matriculation.
D students receive financial aid.
D studies concentrate on arthropod diversity in the Hawaiian Islands.
D support are available for the facility.
D t are both negative.
D t is open.
D t is positive, because the concentration is increasing.
D t is the time it takes for one black stripe to pass by the photogate.
D tag becomes a container.
D Tassel Decorate a ready-made table runner in the same manner as the pillows.
All D tickets are valid.
D U are negative .
D U are negative.
D U is negative.
D U is positive, negative, or zero.
D U is positive.
D work demonstrates little thought, effort, pride, or responsibility.
D work fails to meet the requirements of C work in significant ways.
D work is focused on optimization of thermal therapy protocols for treatment of cancer.
D work is minimally adequate.
A d is a letter
D affects calcium absorbtion.
D aily Schedule Each day has a predictable structure for comfort and learning.
D aily schedule for reading as well as the due dates for all assignments.
D allows communication strategy and coordination strategy to be encapsulated into aspects.
D analyses family friendly working arrangements at national and international level.
D applies .
D are available by pursuing research on an agreed topic with a personal supervisor.
D are equal.
D are obvious.
D are to be different.
D are to dream.
D are to live a prophetic presence for the transformation of all that threatens life.
D asks everyone to bare their teeth and stick out their tongues for a comparative color analysis.
D asks P to leave, but P refuses.
D associates a location in the text with a style sheet.
D assumes no responsibility for ads supplied without appropriate proof.
D autres vaccinations obligatoires existent pour certaines cat gories de population.
D be a set.
D be two parallel functors.
D can be either positive or negative.
D carries a loaded gun, and waits in the bushes outside V's house.
D challenges the admissibility of the statement on confrontation grounds.
D claims that V committed suicide.
D contains copper sulfate solution.
D contrasts the governments of Sparta and Athens Use a contrast chart.
D controls how tight the points of the stars are.
D costs a lot more.
D couvertes culturelles.
D deals the cards in nines, in the order requested by the players.
D deducts the amount, but then fails to pay the store owner.
D defends on the basis of the judicata.
D deletes everything from the current cursor position to the end of the line.
D deletes one or more lines.
D deletes the remainder of the current line, including the current cursor position.
D demarks the AlO bands.
D denotes a company in reorganization.
D denotes a decryption function or decryption transformation .
D denotes a significant decrease in performance from last year.
D designates long abdomen with apex protruding beyond wing tips.
D do aa.nchal zamaanaa kyaa kahegaa chho.
D ealing with questions about the environment, business, or new technology can be pretty tough.
D ecorate with pecan half and basil leaf.
D efend the weakest Be gentle with the others.
D elivers one to a sacred place.
D escribe a typical rehearsal process.
D escribe each picture and inicate which characteristics are shared.
D escribe how an electrical charge is stored in a dielectric material.
D escribe how charge, capacitance, and voltage are related in a capacitor circuit.
D escribe how electrostatic induction affects the charge on a capacitor.
D escribe how Oregon towns have adjusted to contemporary changes in the forest industry.
D escribe how the Q of an inductor changes with the operating frequency.
D escribe how to determine the total current of a parallel LC circuit.
D escribe how to determine the total reactance of a parallel LC circuit.
D escribe how to go about doing a complete analysis of a parallel RC circuit.
D escribe some of the major features of a transformed cell.
D escribe the consequences.
D escribe the curves for instantaneous resistor voltage and current in a capacitor-charging circuit.
D escribe the meaning of charging capacitor and discharging a capacitor .
D escribe the problem.
D escribe the relationships between theory, scientific inquiry, research, and research methods.
D escribe the shape and main features of a sinusoidal waveform.
D escribe the voltage waveform across an inductor when a sine waveform of current is being applied.
D escribe to oneself what statements or thoughts are causing the negative feeling.
D esign a package that is reusable.
D esign a product.
D etails - Consider the ability for pulling together technology details.
D etails .
D etails and cost for the above services upon request.
D etails from the above image.
D etails on the physical format.
D etails to be announced.
D etermine the linear and quadratic approximations to a function near a given point.
D etermine the tasks to delegate to subordinates to more effectively accomplish the mission.
D evelop a response plan and approach to workplace violence.
D evelop all cost-effective distribution channels to expand our global impact.
D evelop effective usability tests.
D evelop innovative funding strategies to support public transit.
D evelop long term friendships and experience the satisfaction that comes from helping others.
D evelop new careers and upgrade skills.
D evelop new friendships.
D evelop new skills.
D evelop other techniques for preventing certain problem activities.
D evelop technical writings to analyze.
D evelop the best value package.
D evices The lower-level interface to hardware.
D explores the evolution of the music of the central Andes.
D fights one round of minions and another appears.
D files a general denial.
D find distances between two sequences, as a score.
D follows the tracks of the carriage, facing any kind of danger with an extremely calm attitude.
D gives a down payment and finances the remainder.
D gives rise to thunder.
D goes negative at the end of the delay period.
D goes to directory node.
D guides the skaters into formations that look like fantastic curly Q designs.
D igitizing transforms a map into a digital picture.
D indicates data withheld to limit disclosure.
D indicates descending order.
D indicates diopters.
D indicates discontinuity in the data record.
D indicates series diode.
D indicates the course is deleted from the current catalog.
D indicates unsatisfactory performance.
D ining Dining in Singapore is a gastronomic experience.
D ining out is about more than food.
D ining The Dining Saloon is designed to accommodate all passengers at a single sitting.
D ining There are a number of historic restaurants throughout Kansas.
D interrelate about their problem.
D is on birds.
D is on the mobile position location estimation in cellular systems.
D isassembles into three light-weight parts.
D iscovering a miracle drug takes money, patience, and expertise.
D iscovering the simple essence of things is the essence of the marketing imagination.
D iscovers a plot to steal the soul of the world.
D iseases - Sexual contact has a significant link to alcohol use.
D link An informal standard for associating image descriptions with images.
D lists the people with power in the city who s got it, who uses it, who s a paper tiger.
D lives in an old plantation house that has been divided into small apartments.
D lives in southall,london next to the park.
D marks the dock where visiting ships stop.
D misses the point.
D NAMP NO .
D occur simultaneously on several parallel dimensions.
D omine ne in furore.
D opens the ashtray and gestures toward a half-smoked joint, still smoldering.
D opposes reason to any sort of madness or foolishness.
D osimeters Emergency exposure, control of.
D ownloading Visual Files Downloading image files differs from the process for .exe or .zip files.
D ownloads The following is a list of all the products currently available from Evological.
D plays a long ball out to A and closes down the ball.
D plays an important role in the skeletal growth and it correct formation in reptiles.
D presents the medial surface of the right side of a brain cut longitudinally in the midline.
D prevents .Nm from daemonizing on invocation.
D rag the mouse to create and size the object.
D removes the case to federal court.
D represents death in infancy.
D represents unacceptable work.
D represents vertical shift from zero to the mean of a given sine wave.
D responds by moving for a directed verdict.
D retains the right to revoke the contract of any teacher whom it determines to be gay or lesbian.
D returns a function.
D riving in rural areas is generally comfortable and peaceful.
D rtyol semtinde topland lar.
D seeks to exclude the testimony of both witnesses.
D sounds on two strings simultaniousely.
D specifies a general register where the result of the operation is placed.
D specifies the default record format.
D stands for a certain sound, O stands for a certain sound, and G stands for a certain sound.
D stands for Daring to do wrong.
D stands for dial.
D stands for diameter.
D stands for Digitalis.
D stands for dimensions.
D stands for suggestive dialogue.
D starts the next round.
D strikes V repeatedly, trying to injure V, knowing that V is already hurt.
D students our members also include MSc.
D take to stop sign and make a left.
D takes between three and four years full-time research to complete.
D terminates the contract and has work done by other contractor.
D tries to borrow the money, but is able only to borrow a gun.
D Trim off featherings on the front legs just above the foot.
D turns around and walks away.
D use the unit circle and cartesian coordinate system to express trigonometric ratios.
D vary by particle size only.
D wins by all three methods.
Ds are letters.
Ds are part of alphabets.
Ds are programming language.
Ds are video games.
All D are M e.
D.Active replication requires the master member to send state to the fault tolerance backplane.
D.E.A.R. time is one of our most favorite times of the day.
All D.I.Y activities involve an element of risk.
D.in biology is required.
D.Radioactive elements absorb the cold temperatures underground.
D.-trained scientists face an incredibly tight academic job market.
A dab is touch
Dab ends with glue stick.
Dab sponge into pink paint and blot off extra onto a paper towel or newspaper.
Dab tops with milk for nicer browning.
Dabble ducks find food.
Most dabble ducks find food.
A dabbler is an amateur
Dabblers are amateurs.
Dabblers are ducks that feed in shallow waters, dunking their heads under to find food.
Dabblers enjoy social activities and recreation arranged by individual members.
Dabblers get bored easily and often leave things half done, often leave things unfinished.
Dabblers have the typical flat duck bill that they use to forage in shallow water.
Dabblers spoil the market, project false expectations and obscure serious business opportunities.
Dabblers usually have shiny colored patches on their wings.
Most dabblers are able to take to flight vertically.
Some dabblers use the area less during autumn because of power boat traffic.
A dace is a bony fish
Dace occur throughout New York.
All dace are platy.
Some dace are cod.
A dacha is a country house
Dachas there have better facilities, more stores nearby, hotels with restaurants and better roads.
Most dachas have electricity, telephones are few and the stove provides heat.
A dachshund is a dog
Dachshunds also are free from doggy odor.
Dachshunds appear predisposed, as their disks age or degenerate quicker than most dogs.
Dachshunds are a low-maintenance breed.
Dachshunds are canines.
Dachshunds are diggers.
Dachshunds are dogs.
Dachshunds are good dogs to travel with.
Dachshunds are great diggers of earth, thanks to their physical features.
Dachshunds are hardy, vigorous, and tireless.
Dachshunds are intelligent and extremely playful dogs and make wonderful additions to any family.
Dachshunds are intelligent dogs with an independent nature and playful spirit.
Dachshunds are known for being lively and enjoy chasing other small animals, birds, and toys.
Dachshunds are loyal to their owner and are generally easy to train.
Dachshunds are notoriously hard to housetrain. . .msg.
Dachshunds are playful, fun dogs.
Dachshunds are serious diggers.
Dachshunds are statistically more aggressive to both strangers and other dogs.
Dachshunds are sweet dogs.
Dachshunds are the answer.
Dachshunds are usually easy to train for show and most really enjoy it.
Dachshunds are very hard to housebreak.
Dachshunds are well known for their elongated shape.
Dachshunds can be snappy if teased or mistreated or if suddenly lifted up to a stranger's face.
Dachshunds can be stubborn and difficult to housebreak.
Dachshunds can easily damage their spines because of their long backs.
Dachshunds can learn quickly if properly motivated.
Dachshunds convey charm, playfulness, and a loving demeanor.
Dachshunds have a lot of stamina and energy.
Dachshunds have a relatively long life expectancy.
Dachshunds have a tendency to become overweight and lazy.
Dachshunds have elegant streamlined proportions.
Dachshunds have soulful eyes and complex facial expressions.
Dachshunds make very good watch dogs.
Dachshunds reproduce like all other dogs.
Dachshunds require minimal routine brushing to keep their coats healthy and in good condition.
Dachshunds respond more readily to positive training techniques than harsh methods.
Dachshunds often bond closely with a single person.
Dachshunds often have spinal problems, that is, their backbone can become injured.
All dachshunds have one, and only one, self color.
Many dachshunds are strong-headed or stubborn, and that means they can be hard to train.
A dacoit is a thief
Dacoits are cowardly fellows.
Dacosta soils are on slightly lower or similar positions.
Dacosta soils have an argillic horizon.
A dad is a father
Dad barbecues too.
Dad isa parent.
Dad sit singing at the top of the tree.
Dads also can help in special ways.
Dads also can learn to understand an infant's needs and how to provide comfort and care.
Dads also gain insight into their role during the pregnancy and delivery of their child.
Dads also seem better at accidentally injuring their children.
Dads are a great source for field trip ideas.
Dads are acutely aware that it is only the beginning of a great adventure.
Dads are also welcome.
Dads are an irreplaceable resource.
Dads are beasts.
Dads are better off to ask a woman going into a facility to check up on a young daughter.
Dads are busy.
Dads are cools.
Dads are fathers.
Dads are free when accompanied by a child.
Dads are funny that way.
Dads are good at stopping children from injuring themselves.
Dads are great.
Dads are in teen stores.
Dads are like that.
Dads are more involved with their families, and in general they enjoy that heightened role.
Dads are more involved.
Dads are much less likely to seek information about parenting by buying books.
Dads are often lax about such things.
Dads are often more conditional in love than moms.
Dads are pathological bullies who abuse their children.
Dads are people.
Dads are silly like that sometimes.
Dads are special, too.
Dads are that way, even in the toughest circumstances.
Dads are the ones responsible for preparing children for careers, marriage, and political activism.
Dads are the solid foundation of our lives.
Dads are welcome and encouraged to attend.
Dads are welcome to stay with mothers and can use a large chair that converts into a bed.
Dads are welcome to subscribe too.
Dads are welcome, too.
Dads are welcome.
Dads assume responsibility.
Dads become emotionally and financially drained.
Dads become simply punishers or pushers.
Dads can also experience a change.
Dads can be a bit tricky.
Dads can bring sons and daughters age ten and up on the AIF course.
Dads can buy their kids one for the same purpose.
Dads can connect with sons through physical activities like wrestling or horseplay.
Dads can do it too.
Dads can do other jobs, too.
Dads can do with and for their little ones.
Dads can help each other to follow through on commitments and, of course, so can the family.
Dads can help prepare for conception, too.
Dads can often take steps to protect their children as well as offering vital support.
Dads can take a cue from their sons and go baggy without looking like ridiculous poseurs.
Dads can tutor too.
Dads can volunteer or attend school activities.
Dads come, bring families and sometimes bring neighbors.
Dads could have girls.
Dads could have little girls.
Dads deal with death.
Dads deserve a whole lot more than something to hang around their throats.
Dads do mind.
Dads do much more than pull splinters and fix toys.
Dads do teach their children, whether for good or for ill.
Dads do things like that.
Dads do understand.
Dads don t even try . . .
Dads don t matter.
Dads especially feel funny at how much they love their kids.
Dads find methods.
Dads generally have plenty of interaction with their sons as they're growing up.
Dads get-together three or four times a year.
Dads go through a pattern of symptoms just like the mothers do.
Dads have (part) arms.
Dads have (part) body substances.
Dads have (part) cell membranes.
Dads have (part) cells.
Dads have (part) corpi.
Dads have (part) cytoplasm.
Dads have (part) heads.
Dads have (part) human bodies.
Dads have (part) legs.
Dads have (part) material bodies.
Dads have (part) necks.
Dads have (part) nuclei.
Dads have (part) personality.
Dads have (part) plasma membranes.
Dads have (part) sections.
Dads have (part) vacuoles.
Dads have brothers.
Dads have fathers.
Dads have hearts.
Dads have identical twin brothers.
Dads have job skills, home skills, hobbies and expertise which children find interesting.
Dads have jobs.
Dads have lunch.
Dads have selfish moments, too.
Dads have the power to shape healthy gender-role development in both sons and daughters.
Dads have twin brothers.
Dads hunt for food.
Dads just love gadgety power yard tools like electric trimmers.
Dads like to sleep.
Dads live for years.
Dads Make a Difference .
Dads make a powerful difference in defining expectations and challenging children to do their best.
Dads meet dads.
Dads meet socially throughout the year.
Dads now have a tie to their children's school and a reason for being there.
Dads pass months.
Dads pass years.
Dads play particularly important roles in the formation of both their sons and their daughters.
Dads post photos.
DADs provides tools to strengthen our relationships with our daughters.
Dads read books.
Dads receive calls.
Dads receive phone calls.
DADs regularly acts against marketers who undermine daughters to sell their products.
Dads run houses.
Dads shave heads.
Dads somehow have an eye for the best dirt clods.
DADs specify configuration values such as username and password used for database access.
DADs specify configuration values such as username and password which are used for database access.
Dads support kids' novelty-seeking behavior, and help children learn to master frustration.
Dads survive attacks.
Dads survive wolf attacks.
Dads take care.
Dads take photos.
Dads tend to excite and arouse kids and moms tend to be a calming force.
Dads tend to swat first, ask questions later.
Dads too Being super fit and healthy is important for men who are hoping to conceive.
Dads watch that finish line with an eagle eye.
Dads win custody cases.
Dads work in industries.
Dads work in timber industries.
Dads work life.
Dads sometimes have to rescue kites that have gotten caught in treetops.
All Dads are free when accompanied by their children or grandchildren.
All dads love their children.
All Dads play free accompanied by their son or daughter.
All Dads receive a special gift.
All dads receive free admission when accompanied by one paying child.
Many dads are too.
Many dads are workaholic, divorced, deadbeat or dead.
Many dads feel somewhat helpless during labor.
Many dads have an opinion one way or the other.
Most dads are terrific.
Most dads assume responsibility.
Most dads deal with death.
Most dads find methods.
Most dads have brothers.
Most dads have fathers.
Most dads have hearts.
Most dads have identical twin brothers.
Most dads have jobs.
Most dads have lunch.
Most dads have twin brothers.
Most dads have visitations rights, which can really confuse the kids.
Most dads live for years.
Most dads live their lives through their sons.
Most Dads love to display their child's first piece of art in their office.
Most dads pass months.
Most dads pass years.
Most dads post photos.
Most dads read books.
Most dads receive calls.
Most dads receive phone calls.
Most dads run houses.
Most dads shave heads.
Most dads survive attacks.
Most dads survive wolf attacks.
Most dads take care.
Most dads take photos.
Most dads work in industries.
Most dads work in timber industries.
Most dads work life.
Some dads are jealous of the baby's closeness with the mother.
Some dads bring food.
Some dads buy buggies.
Some dads buy counties.
Some dads buy trucks.
Some dads can handle two or three children.
Some dads develop cancer.
Some dads die after life.
Some dads die at homes.
Some dads die from cancer.
Some dads die in arms.
Some dads die of cancer.
Some dads do jobs.
Some dads feel reluctant to go while others are very excited.
Some dads find mice.
Some dads finish sandwiches.
Some dads get grandpas.
Some dads have accidents.
Some dads have cameras.
Some dads have cancer.
Some dads have churches.
Some dads have diseases.
Some dads have gardens.
Some dads have infection.
Some dads have rafts.
Some dads have siblings.
Some dads have stimuli.
Some dads have territory.
Some dads have tickets.
Some dads have trouble.
Some dads have ulcer.
Some dads help places.
Some dads hold shoulders.
Some dads leave areas.
Some dads leave toddlers.
Some dads like to work even in their free time, some like to take it easy and snooze on the couch.
Some dads live with sisters.
Some dads lose battles.
Some dads lose brothers.
Some dads lose jobs.
Some dads lose moms.
Some dads lose weight.
Some dads love to rough it in the wilderness armed with only a tent and a fishing rod.
Some dads measure growth.
Some dads pass at ages.
Some dads relive their own playing days through their sons.
Some dads report murder.
Some dads shoot men.
Some dads start companies.
Some dads start own companies.
Some dads start own log companies.
Some dads take life.
Some dads take places.
Some dads take their boys fishing.
Some dads take their sons camping.
Some dads throw shoes.
Some dads visit children.
Some dads wear big white cowboy hats.
Some dads wear big white hats.
Some dads wear cowboy hats.
Some dads wear hats.
Some dads wear suits.
Some dads wear white hats.
Some dads work with ostriches.
A dadaism is art movement
Dadaism is dead.
Dadant honeycombs are the tightest rolled, longest burning in the business.
Daddy longlegs have A. gills.
A daddy is a father
Daddies are in, daddies are out More children are born.
Daddies eat food.
Daddies have (part) arms.
Daddies have (part) body substances.
Daddies have (part) cell membranes.
Daddies have (part) cells.
Daddies have (part) corpi.
Daddies have (part) cytoplasm.
Daddies have (part) heads.
Daddies have (part) human bodies.
Daddies have (part) legs.
Daddies have (part) material bodies.
Daddies have (part) necks.
Daddies have (part) nuclei.
Daddies have (part) personality.
Daddies have (part) plasma membranes.
Daddies have (part) sections.
Daddies have (part) vacuoles.
Daddies have glands.
Daddies have sex.
Daddies have venom glands.
Daddies here share a predilection for things that burn gas and go like hell.
Daddies provide services.
Daddies see growth.
Daddies work hard to keep wolves at bay who lurk howling and snapping at their families' doors.
Daddy appears on screen.
Daddy becomes a horse, and falls asleep.
Daddy brings home a worm bin and mommy takes up patio gardening, and they go camping more often.
Daddy calls a car.
Daddy can clean it up.
Daddy catches with a hook.
Daddy come back.
Daddy comes in and gets back body dropped.
Daddy comes into watch bug fiasco.
Daddy decides that life is good.
Daddy draws circles, and wins .
Daddy draws doors.
Daddy drinks a lot.
Daddy drones on.
Daddy feels pain.
Daddy flips a switch, and the lights go on.
Daddy gets a new game.
Daddy gets an allowance, too.
Daddy gets into that, too.
Daddy gets to do the bath, read the story, and tuck into bed.
Daddy go is an attempt to express 'Daddy is going'.
Daddy grabs another pillow, gives up, takes little boy to potty.
Daddy has a little brother too.
Daddy has a plan.
Daddy has a sweet tooth, eh.
Daddy has an absolute fit.
Daddy has symptoms, too.
Daddy has things to do.
Daddy has to go to work.
Daddy has to keep the lights turned on.
Daddy has too many friends.
Daddy hates bugs, too.
Daddy hates sailors.
Daddy hides under pillow.
Daddy holds mama up as the rest of the family watches.
Daddy holds the end of the leash and mommy holds onto the collar.
Daddy includes an atypical secondary romance.
Daddy is a deacon.
Daddy is a great guy all around though.
Daddy is a great guy.
Daddy is a wax figure, the ideal on the viewscreen.
Daddy is approx.
Daddy is at work.
Daddy is better and at home now.
Daddy is commendable as a modern fairytale.
Daddy is dead and mom is in prison.
Daddy is dead, the old rat.
Daddy is drunk.
Daddy is fun, like lemon Italian ice on a hot day.
Daddy is home.
Daddy is in charge.
Daddy is in jail now, though.
Daddy is in there.
Daddy is just as bad.
Daddy is kinda sad though.
Daddy is mad.
Daddy is nuttier than ever.
Daddy is on the left.
Daddy is on the phone.
Daddy is one way-out dude.
Daddy is scrubbed and ready to go.
Daddy is so funny.
Daddy is so proud, and big sister is literally gloating.
Daddy is still here.
Daddy is the best.
Daddy is the careful-King.
Daddy is the provider and at times the nurturer.
Daddy is too.
Daddy is under the table.
Daddy is very kind.
Daddy is, after all, pretty old-fashioned.
Daddy isa parent.
Daddy keeps coming back.
Daddy knows a whole lot.
Daddy knows fatherhood too.
Daddy knows that there is a long way to go to reach that goal.
Daddy leaves almost everyday to go somewhere.
Daddy let loose a chuckle.
Daddy likes a laugh.
Daddy likes basketball.
Daddy longlegs Daddy longlegs prey on small insects.
Daddy longlegs prey on small insects.
Daddy looks afraid whenever mommy wants to go here .
Daddy looks confident.
Daddy looks outside and sees a cold, dark, rainy day.
Daddy looks SO excited.
Daddy looks under the couch and sees the ball.
Daddy loves froggy.
Daddy loves it for sure.
Daddy loves that place.
Daddy makes mistakes.
Daddy moves to a rented cabin.
Daddy needs a fat contract.
Daddy needs a new pair of pants and all that.
Daddy needs a new server and has the money on the table.
Daddy needs mama.
Daddy needs to see ya, soon.
Daddy needs to transfer some money.
Daddy never mentions gas.
Daddy never sleeps at night, gonna shout it every day.
Daddy never uses the keyboard.
Daddy offers advice on the subtleties of tricycling.
Daddy only has so much time with the kids, so make the best use of it.
Daddy pays for that too.
Daddy plays on the emotions and certainly was written from the heart.
Daddy puts an apple at the of a string.
Daddy puts the game in the computer.
Daddy quiets the little one down.
Daddy run gone lef mommy, fi struggle the hard road wit five pickeny.
Daddy s right here.
Daddy says .
Daddy says boys are the bosses of girls.
Daddy says it ll be a generator for makin mair electricity.
Daddy says it was eventually demolished for charity, after strong bidding by friendly gamers.
Daddy says our problems with the Internet are over for now.
Daddy says that is real important.
Daddy says that's ok.
Daddy says the bathroom is nicer than the one at home.
Daddy says the woods and what's in 'em are free to a hungry man.
Daddy says there are all sorts of fun activities and interesting articles inside.
Daddy says they're going to take our money to pay for their parties and call it higher taxes.
Daddy says to be patient because there is more to come.
Daddy seems to be doing all the talking.
Daddy seems to be having a good birthday so far.
Daddy sits down to write a column.
Daddy still has to clean up from exercise bondage movies.
Daddy throw the nother rock.
Daddy tieds it off up there above the elbow and kepts it covered for probably three months or more.
Daddy tries to distract by offering video viewing.
Daddy tries to leave.
Daddy tries to make it better.
Daddy Wait it out.
Daddy walks in and starts shaving.
Daddy wants in.
Daddy wants it up.
Daddy wants to be the sweetheart.
Daddy wants to get everybody together for a family picture.
Daddy's a drunk.
Daddy's in the zone, let's get tattoos.
Daddy always read the paper.
Daddy often looks over the top of the box to see what is happening.
All Daddy needs right now is a kiss.
Most daddies eat food.
Most daddies have glands.
Most daddies have sex.
Most daddies have venom glands.
Most daddies provide services.
Most daddies see growth.
Some daddies get horses.
Some daddies give it away.
Some daddies have certificates.
Some daddies kill prey.
Some daddies lead growth.
Some daddies lose minds.
DADS data is available online at factfinder.census.gov .
Daedric beings take only half damage.
Most daemon programs run on Linux as the root user.
Every daemon script has a common header.
Daemon is application programs.
Daemon is deity.
Daemon is evil spirit
Daemons are agent programs running in the background waiting to act on requests from outside.
Daemons are also able to respond to environmental changes, to react to events.
Daemons are easy to setup.
Daemons are one of the most striking, charming, and powerful images in The Golden Compass .
Daemons are routines that are called once every move.
Daemons are simple agents that patrol networks to find available resources.
Daemons are strange gits that come from swirly magic portals some places.
Daemons do manage the utmp entries.
Daemons handle tasks in the background.
Daemons lead a very non-interactive life.
Daemons look very slick.
Daemons now can provide more info.
Daemons oversee printing, process mail, manage memory, etc.
Daemons provide services like Internet connectivity, printing, or e-mail.
Daemons respond specifically to their human s emotional state of being.
Daemons run in the background and provide services to the system.
Daemons run wild.
Daemons spend most of their time sleeping until something comes along which requires their help.
Daemons work in the background, so computer users are usually unaware that they're even there.
Daemons often run with root permissions.
Daemons usually perform critical system tasks, and usually start when the system starts.
All daemons continue to run and logging and reporting are enabled.
All daemons list the reason that the daemon has exited.
Most daemons provide some mechanism for restarting themselves.
Daffarpur village is just an example of what is happening elsewhere in Punjab.
Daffodil flowers have pleasant smell.
Daffodil flowers have pleasant sweet smell.
Daffodil flowers have smell.
Daffodil flowers have sweet smell.
Daffodil plants grow in habitats.
A daffodil is a narcissus
Daffodil isa tracheophyte.
Daffodils are among the easiest and showiest bulbs to grow in the early flowering garden.
Daffodils are beautiful.
Daffodils are Dangerous.
Daffodils are easy.
Daffodils are fantastic value and almost unkillable.
Daffodils are flowers.
Daffodils are fragrant, early-flowering, spring bulbs.
Daffodils are great as border.
Daffodils are in full bloom, and so are crabapple trees, forsythia and camelias.
Daffodils are in full bloom, and the days are sunny and warm.
Daffodils are in prolific bloom.
Daffodils are less noted, but stay in the fields longer.
Daffodils are located in countrysides.
Daffodils are lovely, long-lived, and inexpensive.
Daffodils are native to Europe, the Mediterranean region and east.
Daffodils are suitable for planting between shrubs or in a border, or for forcing blooms indoors.
Daffodils are suitable for the shrub border, perennial beds and among groundcovers.
Daffodils are surprisingly adaptable.
Daffodils are the flower of hope.
Daffodils are the harbingers of spring.
Daffodils are the large, trumpet-shaped blooms with only one bloom per stem.
Daffodils are toxic to deer, rabbits and squirrels.
Daffodils are unattractive after flowering when their leaves have to ripen.
Daffodils are very nice flowers.
Daffodils belong to the genus Narcissus .
Daffodils bloom in gardens.
Daffodils bloom in late springs.
Daffodils bloom in springs.
Daffodils dot the vast fields in spring.
Daffodils exude a toxic substance that is severely detrimental to tulips.
Daffodils flow down the bank of the hill in cheerful bloom.
Daffodils grow from bulbs, which are planted in the fall.
Daffodils grow from bulbs, which respond well to forcing.
Daffodils grow from bulbs.
Daffodils grow in a variety of climates and make fine companions for perennial gardens.
Daffodils grow in climates.
Daffodils grow like weeds. .
Daffodils grow perennially from bulbs.
Daffodils grow wild in arid regions.
Daffodils have (part) cell membranes.
Daffodils have (part) cells.
Daffodils have (part) corpi.
Daffodils have (part) cytoplasm.
Daffodils have (part) nuclei.
Daffodils have (part) plasma membranes.
Daffodils have (part) sections.
Daffodils have (part) vacuoles.
Daffodils have few insect and disease pests.
Daffodils have flowers.
Daffodils have stems.
Daffodils have to survive some pretty harsh conditions.
Daffodils have yellow flowers.
Daffodils live a long time.
Daffodils look best in clumps.
Daffodils normally bloom in early spring.
Daffodils produce a 'slime' that injures tulip blooms.
Daffodils produce compounds.
Daffodils produce flowers.
Daffodils radiate the sun's new warm light to all the other flowers.
Daffodils represent hope to cancer patients and their families.
Daffodils require minimal maintenance.
Daffodils require very bright light, such as a greenhouse, to flower well.
Daffodils require very bright light, such as that found in a greenhouse, to flower well.
Daffodils sit amid dark satanic mills.
Daffodils survive for years.
Daffodils thrive in shallow water but be sure to top up when necessary.
Daffodils tolerate more shade and like lots of moisture.
Daffodils often bloom in clusters.
Daffodils often grow in large clusters, covering lawns and even entire hillsides with yellow.
All daffodils do well with morning sun, then partial shade or dappled shade the rest of the day.
All daffodils offer perfection of design.
Many daffodils prefer a good winter chill but some species do very well in a warmer climate.
Most daffodils grow from bulbs.
Most daffodils grow in climates.
Most daffodils have flowers.
Most daffodils have yellow flowers.
Most daffodils produce compounds.
Most daffodils produce flowers.
Most daffodils survive for years.
Some daffodils contain crystal.
Some daffodils grow on coasts.
Some daffodils have distribution.
Some daffodils have widespread distribution.
Some daffodils regularly produce bulbs with one, two, three, or more noses.
Daffy lovers think there is a soulmate out there for everyone.
Every DaFIS document passes through several levels of approval before it becomes a permanent record.
A dag is a flap
DAG activates protein kinase C in the R-cells.
DAG brings a depth of experience, and a real feel for the importance of our project.
DAG has several scholarships available to master's degree candidates.
DAG is a closely held company based in Ottawa, Ontario.
DAG is an important metabolite during acrosomal exocytosis.
DAG is released from membrane phospholipids in response to the binding of a variety of agonists.
DAG prepares for longer opening hours for shops Hamburg.
DAG prevents postprandial increase in blood triglyceride in addition to preventing fat deposits.
Dags are faeces stuck to the wool of a sheep, which rattle if dry.
Some dags drape over top like tablecloth.
A dagga is a herb
Dagga is all the rage.
Some dagger moths undergo striking color changes.
Dagger nematode can reduce growth but is more important as a virus vector.
Dagger nematode causes gall formation on root tips.
A dagger is a knife
Daggers are another issue.
Daggers are characters.
Daggers are great little weapons that do little damage with lots of speed.
Daggers are knifes.
Daggers includes various daggers, claws, blades, razors, shards, and compasses.
Daggers start off as broken epee blades.
All Daggers carry a warranty against manufacturer's defects.
Most daggers are notorious for having thin, fragile points that are easily broken.
A dago is an inhabitant
Dagoes are niggers.
Dagos are another group that has a lot of unfounded pride .
Dagorhir rules require our participants use safe weaponry.
A daguerreotype is a photograph
Daguerreotypes are a situation unto themselves.
Daguerreotypes are an early form of photographs.
Daguerreotypes are extremely sensitive to sun light.
Daguerreotypes are images made by the first practical method of photography.
Daguerreotypes are one of a kind.
Daguerreotypes are our first real form of photography.
Daguerreotypes are photographs made directly in a camera on silvered plates of copper.
Daguerreotypes are pictures.
Daguerreotypes are positive images on copper plates with a highly polished silver surface.
Daguerreotypes are recognizable by their dark, portrait-like quality.
Daguerreotypes have special charm.
Daguerreotypes Immediately dry.
Daguerreotypes look like photographs on silvered plate.
Daguerreotypes require special handling.
A dahl is a pea
Dahl acknowledges enjoying researching, learning about and implementing new technologies.
Dahl argues that it has been preempted.
Dahl beautifully illustrates that a life of prosperity and health is attainable.
Dahl believes locals have largely forgotten the property's early troubles.
Dahl dreams up for it.
Dahl explains it differently.
Dahl is a popular and sought after keynote speaker.
Dahl is also in the books for career totals.
Dahl is extremely spacious, with huge study, kitchen, laundry, and aerobic facilities.
Dahl proposes such a measurement scheme which is rather complex.
Dahl says lack of pain treatment in cancer patients is nothing less than a moral outrage.
Dahl says teens, like adults, become more emotional when they are sleep-deprived.
Dahl thinks it is a good idea to soak conkers in vinegar.
Dahl wins the Lightheavyweight title.
Dahl writes books for children of all ages.
A dahlia is a flower
Dahlia brings the meaningful blessings and messages of enduring grace.
Dahlia certainly has the goods when it comes to presenting such interesting stories.
Dahlia handles all European back office needs as well as opening foreign accounts.
Dahlia has the magic touch too.
Dahlia is furious and throws Taft off the balcony.
Dahlia is the trouble-maker of the Seven Fatimas.
Dahlia is undefeated in halter and ready for performance training.
Dahlia says with a smile.
Dahlias also have variable heights.
Dahlias also make excellent cut flowers.
Dahlias are a flowering plant from Mexico.
Dahlias are also susceptible to powdery mildew.
Dahlias are an example.
Dahlias are at the peak of their beauty.
Dahlias are available in the spring as either tuberous roots or seedlings.
Dahlias are colorful, gorgeous, and impressive.
Dahlias are diversified.
Dahlias are easy to grow from seed.
Dahlias are easy to grow, easy to maintain, and give spectacular blooms.
Dahlias are flowers.
Dahlias are large plants and require support.
Dahlias are old.
Dahlias are organized and competitive.
Dahlias are other summer flowering bulbs that offer a great deal of variety in the garden.
Dahlias are particularly sensitive to frost.
Dahlias are plants.
Dahlias are prone to bacterial diseases, fungal diseases, and viral diseases.
Dahlias are very sensitive to freezing temperatures.
Dahlias begin blooming in early summer and continue to frost.
Dahlias come in a rainbow of colors, and a puzzling complexity of flower form and petal shapes.
Dahlias come in many colors, including red, pink, orange, yellow, white.
Dahlias come in many sizes, shapes and colors.
Dahlias come in nearly every color except blue.
Dahlias do well in fertile, well-drained garden soil.
Dahlias have root tubers.
Dahlias have tuberous roots, as do the sweet potatoes.
Dahlias look dismal in the winter.
Dahlias love the Bay Area climate, growing well as long as there is at least half a day of sun.
Dahlias make great cut flowers.
Dahlias perform best in full sun and a well-drained soil.
Dahlias prefer fertile, well-watered garden sites in full sun.
Dahlias prefer full sun and a rich, well-drained soil.
Dahlias produce an abundance of beautiful flowers all summer long.
Dahlias produce large blooms with intense colors.
Dahlias reproduce asexually through vegetative tissue called bulbs.
Dahlias require a large amount of water.
Dahlias require full sun and thrive the best on a sandy loam soil with good drainage.
Dahlias require some special care, especially lifting for winter storage.
Dahlias require sun, regular watering and fertile soil.
Dahlias respond to deep and frequent waterings.
Dahlias tend to have shallow roots so be careful when cultivating.
Some dahlias are multi-colored, while others are a solid blast of brilliant color.
Dahlonega gold has everything going for it - rarity, romance, and a totally unexploited marketplace.
A daikon is a radish
Daikon have a lot of moisture, so after cutting, squeeze out extra liquid by pressing in a colander.
Daikons are long and narrow and usually white, green or creamy yellow.
Daikons are long with a white interior and can range from mild to very spicy.
Some daikons are round.
Daily access includes same-level locker facilities and amenities.
Daily access is preferred.
Daily access reports Most servers have monthly or weekly access reports.
Daily access reports Some servers provide weekly access reports, most have monthly reports.
Daily action turns dreams into reality.
Daily activities are constant opportunities for the teacher to share Biblical truths.
Daily activities are customer and employee driven.
Daily activities are organised and everyone is welcome to participate.
Daily activities are usually an hour or so in length.
Daily activities are very routine.
Daily activities become difficult, sometimes impossible.
Daily activities can range from fun for all whale watching expeditions to sea kayaking tours.
Daily activities can usually go on during the treatment.
Daily activities concentrate on personal care, learning and understanding social skills.
Daily activities consist mainly of feeding.
Daily activities done in the house and around the yard can also be very destructive to wetlands.
Daily activities engage campers in problem solving, creative expression and introspection.
Daily activities focus on a different topic each week.
Daily activities focus on course work and research to achieve degree objectives.
Daily activities focus on feeding and grooming, interspersed with rest periods.
Daily activities focus on making the senior's life full and enjoyable.
Daily activities foster social skills development and include physical education activities.
Daily activities give the participants a comprehensive perspective on farm production.
Daily activities involve kids in what it takes to explore space.
Daily activities provide a fun and caring environment for the first-time preschool student.
Daily activities provide motivation, creative expression and increased self-esteem.
Daily activities range from bingo to music lessons and movies.
Daily activities relate to unit objectives.
Daily activities result in metabolic waste and environmental contaminants accumulating on the skin.
Daily activities teach students to think creatively to process new information.
Daily activities vary among services, but include trauma and reconstruction.
Daily activities vary and are subject to change.
Daily activities vary with the seasons as well as with habitat.
Daily activity begins so early.
Daily activity includes foraging, sunning, grooming and sleep.
Daily activity is no more than harmony within.
Daily activity reports document fees collected.
Daily activity reports track the most active and least active markets on a daily basis.
Daily activity reports.
Daily activity varies between males and females during different seasons.
Daily activity vary depending on the season.
Many daily activities involve mathematics.
Most daily activities fall under the operating category.
Daily administration is essential for maintenance of metabolic equilibrium.
Daily administration is superior to less frequent administration.
Daily admission includes use of all pools, spas, steam room, sauna and the red clay mud bath.
Daily admission includes use of all pools, spas, steam rooms, sauna and the red clay mud bath.
Daily afternoon shows during school holidays.
Daily alert is available.
Daily annoyances beset the path of young and old.
Daily application enhances the efficacy of the tablets.
Daily application is necessary.
Daily appointments are available with the doctor or nurse.
Daily appreciation can work miracles for a relationship in trouble.
Every daily article is here.
Daily aspirin is a recommended treatment for preventing future heart attacks.
Daily assessment is dependent on student participation and completion of assigned tasks.
Daily assessments occur through teacher observation and review of students' work.
Daily Assignments are due at the beginning of class period for which assigned.
Daily assignments are subject to change.
Daily assignments consist of both literary and critical texts.
Daily assignments consist of readings and homework problems.
All daily assignments are due at the beginning of class.
Daily attendance is a highly structured setting.
Daily attendance is about thirty six.
Daily attendance is an essential element of each student s learning experience.
Daily attendance is an essential element of each student's learning experience.
Daily attendance is critical for successful student learning.
Daily attendance is critical to the student s success.
Daily attendance is critical.
Daily attendance is encouraged.
Daily attendance is mandatory .
Daily attendance is mandatory during the clinical sciences.
Daily attendance is mandatory including weekends.
Daily attendance is mandatory, due to the extreme brevity of class time.
Daily attendance is mandatory.
Daily attendance is required for all courses.
Daily attendance is required for essential.
Daily attendance is required for morning and afternoon class meetings.
Daily attendance is required in class and chapel.
Daily attendance is required in order to remain in the program.
Daily attendance is required of all student teachers.
Daily attendance is required of all students.
Daily attendance is required to receive full course credit.
Daily attendance is required.
Daily attendance is taken and points per class attended are awarded.
Daily attendance is taken.
Daily attention is key to the overall success of the garden.
Daily backup is a system requirement.
Daily backup provides further protection.
Daily backups are available.
Daily backups are for convenience only.
Daily backups are for rebooting the server if necessary.
Daily backups insure compliance and record security.
Daily backups log all files that have been modified that day prior to the backup.
Daily balance is the amount in the account each day.
Daily baths help in the process debridement.
Daily bathing is advised.
Daily bathing is almost a ritual and an important part of social life in the village.
Daily bathing is avoided if it dries the skin and predisposes it to irritation and cracking.
Daily bathing is more than enough.
Daily bedside rounds.
Daily behavior begins with a morning bask and continues with a mix of foraging and basking.
Daily behaviors become habits.
Daily bread is hard to gain, only few can find it.
Daily bread keeps the body alive and active.
Daily breads have no preservatives, oils or additives.
Daily breakfast is included in all places.
Daily breakfast is included with the room.
Daily breakfast is included.
Daily breakfast is includet with all tours.
Daily breakfast is served at all facilities and is included in the cost of tuition.
Some daily breakfasts consist of soup.
All daily bulletins are accessible by going to the Game Recaps page.
Daily buses operate between the cities although can be unreliable.
Daily calibration is recommended on days testing is to be performed.
Daily care includes affection, grooming, feeding, training and exercising.
Daily care is one of the keys to controlling asthma.
Daily care is provided in the cancer center with careful monitoring of medications.
Daily care is unnecessary.
Daily cartoons are a great way to increase repeat traffic.
Daily challenge Combating medication errors is a daily nursing challenge.
Daily changes go unnoticed.
Daily chapel is a foundation for our college community.
Daily chapel is both traditional and innovative.
Daily chapel is compulsory.
Daily charge includes meals, snacks, cultural, recreational and educational activities.
Daily checkout is available upon surrender of a current student ID card.
Daily childcare is available.
Daily choices make habits.
Daily choices seem so many but essential options are few.
Daily chores are much more enjoyable.
Daily chores are no longer a concern.
Daily chores take more time in our close, crowded, and cold conditions.
Daily clashes continue.
Daily classes are closed to observation.
Daily classes help nurture people back to spiritual and physical health.
Daily collections support both free and subscription quote data services.
Daily comics help a lot.
Daily communication helps reinforce values and identify and resolve problems.
Daily communication insures that family members are aware of each student's progress.
Daily communication is conducted via e-mail or instant messenger services.
Daily communication is important.
Daily communication is the foundation for a trusting relationship between teachers and family.
Daily communications take place through an increasing number of applications, such as e-mail.
Daily communion becomes a quotidian event.
Daily communion is the ideal devotion to the Precious Blood of Jesus.
Daily competition teaches fast breaks and team play tactics.
Daily concepts are debated, changes are made and evaluated, new issues arise.
Daily conferences are prepared and presented by the attending staff and residents.
Daily conferences cover many diverse interests and scientific developments.
Daily confrontation is required to compete for market share.
Daily connections are available from the Helsinki harbour to all the main ports on the Baltic sea.
Daily connections exist with basically any European and intercontinental airport.
Daily connections link Istanbul to all major cities in the United States, Middle East and Asia.
Daily connections link Istanbul to all major cities in the United States, the Middle East and Asia.
Daily consensus plays from all of the the top handicappers.
Daily consumption affects cardiovascular risk factors.
Daily consumption affects factors.
Daily consumption affects risk factors.
Daily consumption improves health status.
Daily consumption improves status.
Most daily consumption affects cardiovascular risk factors.
Most daily consumption affects factors.
Most daily consumption affects risk factors.
Most daily consumption improves health status.
Most daily consumption improves status.
Daily contact is made with parents to discuss problems and progress.
Daily contact is made with special needs students, building principals and school staff.
Daily contact makes a significant difference in a range of ways and at different ages.
Daily content helps keep a Web site fresh.
Daily control is vital to living an active, productive life.
Daily conversation is filled with figurative language.
Daily conversation is stressed and the study of the Spanish culture continues to be emphasized.
Daily coordination is vital between safety and hazmat staff.
Daily costs are similar for both products.
Daily costs continue but our income is inadequate for even necessities.
Daily counselling is imperative together with the gradual withdrawal of drugs.
Daily cover provides a more stable surface for vehicles to use when necessary.
Daily credit is given for class participation.
Daily cruises go whale watching, puffin watching, or seal watching.
Daily cruises leave local marinas on dolphin watches, dinner cruises and excursions to Key West.
Daily currency flows approximate four months of world trade.
Daily customers demand variety.
Daily customers deposit money in the box on the lot.
Daily data are also available on request on the next business day.
Daily data are available daily from the contact office above on request.
Daily data are available daily from the contact person on request.
Daily data are available daily on request.
Daily data are available daily through an answering machine.
Daily data are available daily.
Daily data are available from the BSP on request.
Daily data are available on request the same day.
Daily data are available the same day on the Internet.
Daily data includes maximum, minimum, and mean temperatures, and precipitation amounts.
Daily data is available about three hours after the market close.
Daily data is available for many financial-market variables.
Daily data is available for most stations for the entire period of record by special request.
Daily data is presented for each month.
Daily data rolls up to virtually every possible calendar.
Daily deadline pressures however, deny reporters and editors the luxury of hindsight and insight.
Daily deliveries keep our inventory at peak levels.
Daily delivery is also available for the Phoenix newspaper, the Arizona Republic.
Daily delivery is available to Buffalo and all suburbs.
Daily delivery is available.
Daily delivery means expanded coverage, trading recommendations and trading education.
Daily demands can push even the most flexible IT organization to the limit.
Daily demonstrations continue throughout Lebanon.
Daily departures are available.
Daily departures are posible on a private basis.
Daily departures are subject to availability.
Daily departures assure flexibility.
Daily departures assure utmost flexibility at great value.
Daily deposit slips.
Daily devotions are a good source of teaching and a way to grow closer as a family.
Daily devotions are a part of cottage life, and residents attend a nearby Baptist church.
Daily devotions are a wonderful spiritual food also, and are best taken at a regular time each day.
Daily devotions are essential to cottage life.
Daily devotionals are avail- able and even an online mall .
Daily diary is likely to include activities related to the orientation.
Daily diets consist of salad.
Daily diets contain calories.
Daily diets contain fiber.
Daily diets include fruit.
Daily diets support digestive health.
Daily diets support health.
Most daily diets consist of salad.
Most daily diets contain calories.
Most daily diets contain fiber.
Most daily diets support digestive health.
Some daily diets focus on sandwiches.
Daily discharges continue to be lower than normal as well.
Daily discussions focus on current events in international news.
Daily discussions review basic toxicology topics and interesting cases.
Daily dismissal varies due to simulator schedules.
Daily distractions are unavoidable and irrepressible.
Daily dog walks, pet sitting and overnight stays.
Daily dosages reduce enlarged prostates in older men and urination becomes painless.
Daily drawing is part of the class.
Daily duties consist of sweeping, mopping, dusting, and bathroom cleaning.
Daily duties range from baking bread to drilling with muskets or cannon.
Daily duties require walking, lifting, stooping, pushing, and bending for entire work-shift.
Daily duties require walking, lifting, stooping, pushing, and bending.
Daily earthworms consume their weight in fallen leaves and other organic materials.
Daily eat schedules include breakfasts.
Daily eat schedules include light breakfasts.
Daily eating is used to balance the health of the body.
Daily effort is required.
Much daily effort is expended finding and asking potential donors.
Daily emphasis is placed on basic gross motor skills in kindergarten and first grade.
Daily encounters are with many different kinds of people.
Daily enforcement is possible in only the most seriously impacted areas.
Daily enrichment is provided to ensure a positive, stimulating environment.
Daily entertainment completes the island mood of sun, sand, palm trees, and tropical breezes.
Daily entertainment is offered in the summer months.
Daily entrees feature favorite traditional recipes as well as progressive vegetarian dishes.
Daily entries are made in their science journals.
Daily entries can be in longhand.
Daily entries can record study times to indicate how realistic the initial goal setting was.
Daily entries express most work attempted and problems encountered.
Daily entries express work attempted and problem encountered.
Daily entries tend to be extensive and detailed.
Daily evaluation catches misinformation before it becomes habit.
Daily events assume proportions of permanence.
Daily events continue to do so.
Daily examinations are necessary because orbital cellulitis is a possible complication.
All daily excerpts are less than a page long for easy printouts.
Daily executives complain about agencies' slowness in paying bills.
Daily exercise can end that downward cycle and replace it with an upward, positive cycle.
Daily exercise can help control blood pressure, cholesterol, obesity, and diabetes.
Daily exercise has two functions.
Daily exercise helps by encouraging the development of a collateral circulation.
Daily exercise increases bone density.
Daily exercise increases nerve connections in the brain.
Daily exercise is also very effective in controlling weight.
Daily exercise is an important factor towards wellness success.
Daily exercise is an incredible stress buster.
Daily exercise is another way to promote recovery.
Daily exercise is essential for maintaining muscle and good health.
Daily exercise is essential, either in the form of turnout, longing, or riding.
Daily exercise is essential, preferably in the form of free running in a safe, enclosed area.
Daily exercise is essential, whether in the form of turn-out, longing or riding.
Daily exercise is essential.
Daily exercise is great, but three times a week is enough to make an improvement.
Daily exercise is ideal, but the minimum is three.
Daily exercise is important for good blood sugar control.
Daily exercise is important to physical health.
Daily exercise is necessary for space travelers to prevent bone and muscle loss.
Daily exercise is necessary.
Daily exercise is needed, preferable morning and evening runs.
Daily exercise is proven to reduce stress and increase health.
Daily exercise is recommended for all horses.
Daily exercise is recommended unless there is a medical problem.
Daily exercise is required.
Daily exercise reduces stress and enhances a sense of personal control.
Daily exercise reduces the risk of breast cancer significantly.
Daily exercises are also an ideal supplement to increase the loss of weight.
Daily exercises are essential to become proficient at the recorder.
Daily exercises can strengthen pelvic muscles.
Most daily exercises require submission of written material to the course discussion list.
Daily expenses vary depending on the country and the prevailing exchange rates.
Daily experience shows that the strongest corollary with poverty alleviation is economic growth.
Daily experience teaches people that the exchange ratios of the market are mutable.
Daily extinctions are a reality, perhaps with regards to bacteria.
Daily family lives among the poor assumed different dimensions as the century evolved.
Daily features provide thorough coverage of particular stories and issues.
Daily features reflect chef's regional theme menus.
Daily fee includes registration fee and tuition only.
Daily fee includes registration fee, tuition, tour and tour transportation.
Daily fees apply only to non-members.
Daily fees apply.
Daily fees are available with or without hook-ups.
Daily fees are available.
Daily fees eliminate the added expense and uncertainty of hourly rates.
Daily fees vary depending on the specialty and the current demand for it.
Daily feedback enables faculty to realign their teaching strategies.
Daily feedback is essential for group cohesion.
Daily ferries run to Block Island.
Daily file is called composite file.
Daily fireworks are a favorite of all fair goers.
Daily flights are also operated non-stop from Atlanta to Johannesburg and Cape Town.
Daily flights are available in the mornings and evenings.
Daily flights are available to and from many European capitals, particularly Amsterdam.
Daily flights are available to and from Panama from most major international airports.
Daily flights are available to Argentina from different cities of the country.
Daily flights bring water, food and medicines and medevac the ill to hospitals.
Daily flights connect Tunisia to virtually all European, African and Middle Eastern destinations.
Daily flights connect with Frankfurt, London, Copenhagen, Stockholm and others.
Daily flights go to Alaska, Japan and Hawaii.
Daily flights link it to the major Indian cities.
Daily flights operate from Delhi.
Daily flows go from flood to drought, depending on electrical or irrigation demands.
Daily fluctuations are visible in the oxygen levels, especially during the summer months.
Daily forecasts are available in both text and graphic formats.
Daily forecasts are necessary because CMEs are rather frequent, occurring once per day on average.
Daily forgiveness means daily confession of our sins.
Daily gains are likely to be reduced as days on pasture increase.
Daily game walks, drives and canoe trips.
Daily gatherings give residents the chance to socialize with others.
Daily granules are available at half-hour intervals.
Daily grooming helps control the shedding.
Daily grooming is essential.
Daily grooming is required when a horse is worked, is shedding, or rolls frequently.
Daily group exercises form the group's organizational bond.
Daily guidance is offered regarding camper selection of program.
Daily habits are an outgrowth of our beliefs.
Daily hair washing with antifungal shampoos reduces the risk of transmitting the fungus to others.
Daily harvest is recommended for the oriental slicing types.
Daily hassles are one form of stress, and they add up.
Daily hassles can sometimes be more stressful than major life crises.
Daily hassles do have a detrimental effect on our physical and emotional well-being.
Daily headaches are a new occurrence.
Daily headlines force that.
Daily hemodialysis is the most efficient dialysis that exists.
Daily highs are only occasionally below freezing.
Daily home is worth two points.
Daily homework helps develop positive attitudes at an early stage.
Daily homework is assigned.
Daily homework is due at the beginning of class or before class.
Daily homework is given to the students.
Daily homework is required.
All daily homework is reviewed by the case manager and discussed in weekly one to one sessions.
Daily hospital rounds with service faculty and assigned professional students.
Daily hours are subject to change due to special programs, trips, events, etc.
Daily hours vary by semester according to students needs.
Daily hours vary.
Daily hygiene is essential to keep feet clean.
Daily hygiene is essential.
Daily hygiene is imperative.
Daily images are available throughout the whole period.
Daily images report.
Daily increments are visible as well on larval otoliths.
Daily information is downloaded each morning in anticipation of their needs.
Daily information is found on the toteboards.
Daily information is overwritten each day, but monthly and annual information is retained.
Daily information provides something for the visitor to bookmark and come back to.
Daily ingestion is necessary for toxicity.
Some daily ingestion reduces energy intake.
Daily insolation requires time integration of the instantaneous values from sunrise to sunset.
Daily inspection is a necessity.
Daily inspection is recommended to ensure teeth remain lubricated or coated.
Daily inspections assure each man's responsibility for clean quarters and clean latrines.
Daily instruction begins.
Daily instruction consists of lectures, lab work, and field trips to nearby marine habitats.
Daily instruction covers word study, reading, comprehension and writing.
Daily instruction includes reading with and reading to the students, word study, and writing.
Daily instruction is carried out and supervised by the teachers and their aids.
Daily instruction is incorporated into schedule.
Daily instruction promotes achievement of district standards for student performance.
Daily insurance can be expensive.
Daily intake meets nutrient requirements.
Daily intake meets requirements.
Some daily intake comes from food.
Some daily intake has benefits.
Daily integrations show strong spectral changes during the observation.
Daily interest begins accumulating when the judgment is filed until date paid.
Daily involvement is unavoidable.
Daily irrigation is discouraged to avoid shallow roots.
Daily irrigation is needed on sandy soils.
Daily items related to the Internet appear on the news.
Daily job calls for the Bay Area locals and several others around the nation.
Daily journal keeps accessible notes of news, events, information.
Daily journals are available.
Daily journals connect mathematics to real life.
Daily journalists are generally less busy in the morning.
Daily journalists are the most likely to be Net surfers.
Daily laughter is a great good compared to the tedium of chewing the political cud.
Daily laundry is provided.
Daily leases are simple to operate.
Daily leash walks throughout a dog's life help maintain good elimination habits.
Daily lectures are the rule.
Daily lectures begin.
Daily lectures cover aspects of primate ecology, biology, behavior, and the rainforest environment.
Daily lectures entertain and enlighten visitors of all age groups.
Daily lessons reflect mutual planning and shared goals with room for individual modifications.
Daily life abounds with examples of the power of visual representation of ideas.
Daily life can be overwhelming with many tasks, errands, and other issues.
Daily life consists of finding a sunny spot to bask in, eating, and avoiding predators.
Daily life contains many hidden pitfalls for children who have lost a close relative.
Daily life continues.
Daily life deteriorates into confusion.
Daily life exposes everyone to subtle messages that reinforce prejudiced stereotypes.
Daily life goes on, and then, in the time it takes to blink, everything is different.
Daily life goes on.
Daily life has a reputation for being banal, uninteresting, boring somehow.
Daily life has many unknowns.
Daily life intrudes.
Daily life is a humbling experience.
Daily life is a multiple choice exercise.
Daily life is a roller coaster for the six families followed by the film.
Daily life is a spiritual adventure.
Daily life is adorned with silk of assorted patterns, colors and functions.
Daily life is discussed.
Daily life is extremely difficult.
Daily life is filled with apprehension, fear and anxiety.
Daily life is full of little hassles which represent one kind of reality.
Daily life is more than just going to class.
Daily life is nothing but a string of transactions from credit card purchases to phone calls.
Daily life is our vision quest and school, teaching what it means to be human.
Daily life is really interesting.
Daily life is simple with few of the expenses of urban life.
Daily life is the context of hermeneutics.
Daily life is the training arena of the peaceful warrior.
Daily life keeps getting in the way.
Daily life needs communication skills.
Daily life provides exercise enough so fat people are as rare a sight as gym-membership cards.
Daily life remains unaltered.
Daily life requires protection.
Daily life requires special protection.
Daily life seems to present learning opportunity enough.
Daily life settles down as the Germanic kingdoms more thoroughly establish themselves.
Daily life swerves in unpredictable directions.
Daily life tires the soul as well as the body.
Daily life unfolds at an almost reckless pace as pressure builds.
Daily life yields much evidence that cars are indeed private fantasy chambers.
Daily lives follow the same rhythm.
Most daily life requires protection.
Most daily life requires special protection.
Daily limit is five, with no season limit during the specified hunting season.
Daily limit is one.
Daily limit is two chinook, clipped or unclipped.
Daily limit is two.
Daily limits are six fish for both pike and walleye.
Daily limits are the norm.
Some daily listings contain links for additional recommended readings.
Daily liturgies are also available on a weekly basis.
Daily living can be much easier when there is a friendly, compassionate helping hand.
Daily living is complicated by high unemployment and food and fuel shortages.
Daily living is fraught with the threat of terrorism.
Daily living is very much like playing the guitar.
Daily living is wedded to one's theology.
Daily living requires dealing with personal problems.
Daily lockers are also available in the locker rooms.
Daily lockers are available.
Daily log is available.
Daily log is planned as well as crime information.
Daily logs serve as a consistent monitoring system.
Daily lunch is provided.
Daily lunches are by donation.
Daily lunches offer fresh bread, great food and atmosphere to spare.
Daily mail is distributed once in the morning and once in the afternoon on weekdays.
Daily maintenance ensures clean waterlines.
Daily maintenance gives the best results.
Daily maintenance is key to avoiding future renovations problems like the ones extant today.
Daily maintenance is very minimal.
Daily market reports and on line dealer feed back on the market.
Daily market reports.
Daily marketing is a mind set.
Daily mass is offered as well as a special mariachi mass on Sundays.
Daily massage provides quality time for both parents and infant.
Daily meals are essential to meet the ermine's exorbitant energy and heat production demands.
Daily meals are the basis for a healthy life.
Daily meals is good and square.
Daily measurements form a long-term record of historical weather conditions.
Daily medication can give good results and many dogs live healthy lives.
Daily medication can regulate the thyroid.
Daily medication helps to control a seizure disorder and to decrease spans.
Daily meditation is recommended for anyone on a spiritual path.
Daily meditation is very helpful.
Daily meditation plays an important role.
Daily meditations are part of the assignment.
Daily meditations are part of the daily assignment.
Daily meetings countywide.
Daily menu features pasta, steaks and seafood.
Daily menu includes salad bar, sandwiches and a variety of cooked to order selections.
Daily menus offer a wide range of choices, including vegetarian entrees, and salad and deli bars.
Daily miracles happen.
Daily monitoring can also identify environmental triggers and guide decisions for therapy.
Daily monitoring is important because of the increased biomass of fish in the ponds.
Daily morning clean up with laundry service.
Daily morning rounds discussing hospitalized patients and other pertinent topics.
Daily mouth cleaning removes harmful germs and foods.
Daily movement is essential for the maintenance of physical functions of our body to remain active.
All daily movements can work on-line with customers' computer system.
Daily narrations provides immediate feedback on retention.
Daily news appears at the top of the home page.
Daily news appears on the front page and on lead pages of several sections.
Daily news feeds .
Daily news feeds covering all systems plus weekly views and opinions on gaming.
Daily news feeds, online textbooks, free educational downloads, etc.
Daily news Find the most hopeful and the most depressing news items in the newspaper.
Daily news is available by e-mail.
Daily news is only a mouse click away.
Daily news is posted here.
Daily news is preferred.
Daily newsletter offers news and stock alerts.
Daily newspaper critiques with supervising editors.
Daily newspaper publishes the exchange rate daily.
Daily newspaper seeks full-time staff photographer.
Daily newspapers are also available for reading.
Daily newspapers are also available.
Daily newspapers are available for reading at the library.
Daily newspapers are available in English and weekly magazines in English, German and French.
Daily newspapers are available in the school s library and online.
Daily newspapers are extremely profitable.
Daily newspapers are large businesses, larger, say, than the largest TV station in the same market.
Daily newspapers are popular among the working population, especially in big cities.
Daily newspapers carry articles against the government's political proposals.
Daily newspapers free up their best writers to divine the meaning of the year's events.
Daily newspapers have a big stake in the improvement of schools and the eradication of poverty.
Daily newspapers provide a forum for statewide, national and international issues.
Daily newspapers provide details of local entertainment and nightlife.
Daily newspapers sell advertising primarily on the strength of paid circulation numbers.
Daily newspapers send one copy each day for one week to other daily participants.
All daily newspapers are government-run.
Every daily newspaper has a media or TV reporter.
Many daily newspapers are now available on the Web.
Many daily newspapers carry some commodity prices in their financial sections.
Most daily newspapers are already on the Web while weekly newspapers are beginning to sign on.
Most daily newspapers have a per line rate.
Daily observations are also available for many cities worldwide.
Daily observations are the most common.
Daily operation is very similar for both co-ops and condos.
Daily operations are also under scrutiny.
Daily operations are complex with a daily interplay between both internal and external publics.
Daily operations deals with learning about the collective bargaining agreement.
Daily oversight is provided by investment professionals on staff.
Daily papers are available from reception.
Daily papers are available the day after publication.
Daily papers continue to arrive.
Daily papers show the run day next to each newspaper listed.
All daily papers are in Spanish.
Daily parking combines the convenience of parking close to the terminal with cheaper rates.
Daily parking is available at a number of lots in the vicinity of the building.
Daily parking is available at our Lot A facility on a limited basis.
Daily parking is available for visitors and students in designated lots for a daily fee.
Daily parking is available on campus for recreational vehicles.
Daily parking is available to students and university visitors for a discounted daily fee.
Daily parking is intended for a stay of one or two days.
Daily participation is critical to work group involvement and class interaction.
Daily participation is graded in the following manner.
Daily participation is necessary.
Daily participation is needed for the student to be successful.
Daily participation is required.
Daily participation minimizes speculation, guessing and anxiety of the construction team.
Daily passes are also available at self-registration stations along the trail.
Daily passes are also available at the community recreation centers.
Daily passes are also available at the door.
Daily passes are also available.
Daily passes are available and are a good value.
Daily passes are available.
Daily passes are for non-residents also, only for use at the public dock.
Daily patient rounds.
Daily patrols are essential.
Daily patterns vary in different areas.
Daily performance analyses of a customer's feedlot operations.
Daily performance reports .
Daily permit is required during most of the season.
Daily permits are also available from the vending machines.
Daily permits are also available to students, staff, visitors and members of the public.
Daily permits are available at the three information booths and at a machine in the parking garage.
Daily permits are available from various dispensers.
Daily permits are available on site.
Daily permits are only valid in student lots or parking garages.
Daily permits are only valid in the lot from which permit is purchased.
Daily permits are valid for that day only.
Daily permits are valid in any student lot for the day printed on permit.
Daily permits are valid only in student lots or parking garages.
Daily permits are valid until noon after the date of issue.
Daily planetarium shows, hula shows, and craft demonstrations.
Daily planners are relatively inexpensive, and come in many different formats and colors.
Daily planners come in several varieties.
Daily planning can be too myopic and urgency-driven.
Daily posts present a variety of translators and translations.
Daily postings are the norm, and often several posting occur during a day.
Daily practice becomes as second nature as having breakfast.
Daily practice builds fluency, sight vocabulary, and confidence.
Daily practice can become humdrum.
Daily practice can make a good dribbler.
Daily practice can relieve stress, promote relaxation and bring many other benefits.
Daily practice focuses on verses from Scripture.
Daily practice helps students retain what they have learned.
Daily practice helps to keep both the body and mind clear and free flowing.
Daily practice is absolutely essential for satisfactory progress.
Daily practice is encouraged.
Daily practice is essential for continuity and progress.
Daily practice is essential to achieve maximum benefit.
Daily practice is how every successful performer prepares.
Daily practice is important in achieving success with biofeedback.
Daily practice is limited to two hours.
Daily practice is necessary for satisfactory progress.
Daily practice is recommended.
Daily practice is required to become proficient.
