Census tracts observe county lines and cover all of the territory within each tracted county.
A census is a count
Census attibute data files for most layers.
Census counts heavily influence our decision-making process.
Census estimates site.
Census isa tally.
Census lists a number, name, number of males and females and total numbers.
Census look-ups and tombstone inscriptions with photographs are additional specialties.
Census records on microfilm.
Census taking is a controversial political issue today.
Census taking is in that context.
Censuses are a useful source of information to receive a better knowledge of our society.
Censuses are also an excellent tool for the analysis of society developments.
Censuses are also available.
Censuses are available at various geographic levels including census tracts.
Censuses are clearly inconsistent.
Censuses are counting.
Censuses are counts.
Censuses are generally expensive undertakings in terms of the required resources.
Censuses are important in following their lives and families.
Censuses are only valuable when they are used correctly and thoroughly.
Censuses are publicly available.
Censuses are underway and laboratory tests are beginning.
Censuses attempt to survey the entire population.
Censuses confirm presence.
Censuses contribute to hunt season regulations.
Censuses contribute to regulations.
Censuses provide a snapshot of a population at a point in time.
Censuses show owners.
All census returns for England, Wales.
Every census is worse than the last.
Every census there are grumbles about privacy, usually from Libertarians.
Many censuses are online, but with each recopying is a possible level of error.
Most censuses confirm presence.
Most censuses contribute to hunt season regulations.
Most censuses contribute to regulations.
Most censuses show owners.
Some census attribute information.
Some censuses are available full text on CD ROM, ask librarian.
Some censuses involve participation.
Some censuses provide fatal injuries.
Some censuses provide injuries.
Some censuses show fawns.
Some censuses show growth.
Some censuses show sustain growth.
Some censuses show wolves.
A cent is a rupee
A cent is a subunit
CENT atoms thereafter.
Cent is preferred.
Cent isa unit.
Cent seem any women down many pretty discount golf store.
Cent serve off either beginner also serve funnies.
Cents are divisions of micro tuning between notes on a piano keyboard.
Cents are part of dollars.
Cents are part of leones.
Cents are words.
Cents is a web database application for the collection and administration of sensitive information.
Cents is money.
Cents round up.
Cents Welcome to warped reality.
Every cent assists our sick, disabled and disadvantaged children from the city to the outback.
Every cent belongs to the taxpayer.
Every cent counts a thousand fold.
Every cent counts.
Every cent donated goes directly for grants, initiatives, restoration, and relief causes.
Every cent donated goes straight to our students and there are no administration costs involved.
Every cent goes back into the next year's race.
Every cent received is channelled into the children.
Most cents are part of dollars.
A centaur is a mythical creature
Centaurs also seem to be related to comets.
Centaurs appear on a number of armorial bearings, as devices or supporters.
Centaurs are apparently Greek in origin, residing in the rich area of ancient Thessaly.
Centaurs are asteroids with orbits in the outer solar system.
Centaurs are half man and half horse.
Centaurs are powerful creatures, gaining much strength from their size and their horse-halves.
Centaurs are very common in Greek art as symbols of uncivilized barbarism.
Centaurs can dwell in the forest and can stab two enemies standing next to each other.
Centaurs have the gift of tongues and they can hit hard with their hind legs.
Centaurs study the stars.
Centaurs tend to be boorish.
Centaurs travel in huge planet-crossing orbits that are fundamentally unstable.
Centaurs typically use weapons taken directly from nature like rocks or branches.
Many centaurs are prone to accidents due to a tendency of taking too many risks.
Many centaurs spend their youth soldering and acting as scouts for various armies.
Some centaurs are uncouth and savage.
A centaury is a bush
Centaury works by stimulating production of saliva and digestive juices.
Centenarian women outnumber men , but are sicker and more frail.
Centenarian women outnumber men, but are sicker and more frail.
A centenarian is an oldster
Centenarians are all races.
Centenarians are from all races.
Centenarians are no longer rare, and getting less so.
Centenarians are now one of the fastest growing segments of the population.
Centenarians are oldsters.
Centenarians are the fastest growing segment of our population.
Centenarians are the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population.
Centenarians are unlikely to survive for five years even if treatment is successful.
Centenarians have a clear sense they are living repositories of history.
Centenarians have several traits in common.
Centenarians naturally shed psychological stress.
Centenarians shed emotional stress exceptionally well.
Centenarians tend to be an optimistic group.
Some centenarians have their own theories.
Centenary students are welcome in Shreveport and Bossier City congregations.
Centennial Beach is a just a short walk north.
Centennial Park features a recreated logging camp and an animal farm.
Centennial park is located on the north end of Fulda and offers an area to have a picnic.
Centennial Park is the largest open green space in Sydney.
A centennial is an anniversary
Centennial already operates wireless PC, Internet and telephone services on the island.
Centennial boasts many very talented students.
Centennial can also provide memory modules with custom attribute files.
Centennial emphasizes learning through experience.
Centennial has two large FBOs.
Centennial is a Delaware corporation based in Massachusetts.
Centennial is a full-service bank.
Centennial is a member of the North Suburban Conference.
Centennial is a quality team.
Centennial is a suburban community bridging the cities of Portland and Gresham, Oregon.
Centennial is a time to reflect on significant moments in College history.
Centennial is an independent wireless telecommunications service provider.
Centennial is committed to both broad public access and successful career education.
Centennial is favored with an excellent support staff.
Centennial is fully wheelchair-accessible.
Centennial is generally resistant to second growth problems.
Centennial is known for being highly professional and educated in the salmon enhancement field.
Centennial is more than a source of financing.
Centennial is private.
Centennial is responsible for water and wastewater lines and treatment plants.
Centennial is sensitive to phosphate deficiencies and imbalances.
Centennial is smooth textured with deep orange flesh.
Centennial is within minutes of several exciting area attractions.
Centennial offers both a secured and an unsecured credit card.
Centennial offers convenient parking directly in front of the building.
Centennial offers four foreign languages and one classical language.
Centennial operates three integrated classrooms in the public schools.
Centennial requires a great balance of strategy, power, and shot-making skills.
Centennial run to the finish.
Centennial strives to ensure that our water resources are used wisely.
Centennial takes pride in the diversity of the student population.
Centennials are anniversaries.
Center channel is tiltable for better direction to the listening position.
Most center channels require a pretty close sweet spot to perform their best.
Center City is affordable .
Center City is full of erin go braggers.
Center City is the geographical terminus of the major radial roadway system.
Center City looks great.
Center colors change to a blend of white, yellow, and pale green as the season progresses.
Center console features cassette and CD holders a tissue holder and four cup holders.
Center console is on the small side.
Center console is too small.
Center console opens to a jump seat.
Center court has open restuarants and hotel in center.
A center field is a tract
Center field is dominated by a crag of sorts, making the park picturesque.
Center field is for defense.
Center field is straight ahead from home plate.
Center field is the best position in baseball history.
Center field is the place where the general resides.
Center field is very big, so the center fielder is usually the fastest.
Center field opens up like a great mouth and swallows the universe.
Center field sets a point through the axis of rotation goes.
Center fields are positions.
Center fields are tracts.
A center fielder is an outfielder
Center fielder is supposed to be the one who hustles.
Center fielders run fast and stand around a lot.
Center focus is a definite plus.
Any center frequency is possible at any of the receivers.
Center front has a black bow and black rosette.
Center front has a lovely elastic-satin panel with a white floral design embroidered on it.
Center front is adorned with a bow.
Center front is adorned with a satin bow and irridescent beads.
Center lane is for making left turns only.
Center lane is for southbound or westbound turns.
Center leaves become dwarfed, twisted, and yellowed.
Center leg adjusts up or down to give a wide range of angles for maximum clearance.
A center line is a line
Center line is O db, the more extended the gestures, the louder the the sound.
Center line provides an estimate of the process average.
Center lines are just a different kind of referencing for dimensioning sketches.
Center lines are yellow lines separating lanes of traffic moving in opposite directions.
A center of curvature is a center
Center of curvature is on side opposite reflecting side of mirror.
Center of gravity is a center
Center of gravity is a similar concept, being the mass-weighted balance point of an object.
Center of gravity is at center of mirror surface.
Center of gravity is closer to the trigger, providing better balance.
Center of gravity is important in handling big round bales, especially with a front-end loader.
Center of gravity is important in handling big round bales.
Center of gravity is positioned on vertical and horizontal axis to promote mid-height trajectory.
Center of gravity is the point located at the objects average position of weight.
Center of gravity is the point of balance between the upper and lower body.
Centers of gravity are a myth.
Centers of gravity is centers.
Center of mass is a center
Center of mass is always the same as the center of gravity.
Centers of origin are usually centers of genetic diversity.
Centers of ossification are the locations in the membrane where ossification begin.
Center of pressure remains relatively constant even when angle of attack is changed.
Center one is Devon.
Center pins are of nickel silver.
Center right is the painting area.
Center right is the timeclock mounting.
All center sound comes from the center speaker.
Center speaker is too powerful for seamless blend.
Center speaker provides clearer, natural-sounding dialogue.
A center stage is high status
Center stage are rocks and piles of ashes.
Center stage has a dining room table and four chairs.
Center stage is a free, monthly event, open to the public.
Center stage is a street with a pay phone.
Center stage is a very large display screen with a map of the world.
Center stage is truly center stage.
Center Stage Use a clean, dry coffee filter circle.
Center stages are centers.
Center Township is in the center of Howard County.
A center is an area
Center amenities Cafeteria services for lunch and coffee or tea are available at the center.
Center assists self-represented litigants with all types of civil matters and traffic infractions.
Center can be support local and small scale social and economical reforms.
Center classrooms to assist the members in optimizing their workout with the equipment available.
Center collects info about health issues facing minorities.
CENTer computes the distribution around the geometric center of all A-species.
Center conducts highly regarded surveys to find just that answer.
Center consists of hands-on science exhibits, projects, and demonstrations.
CENTer defines the atom label for which the basis set is to be generated.
Center disputes the citation.
Center drawer with two handles.
Center exercises combine specific floor work, stretches and balance routines.
Center fin fairly aft.
Center focus with independent ocular adjustment, roll-down eye cups for eyeglass wearers.
Center focuses on a third objective.
Center focuses on American Jewish experience.
Center focusing instantly brings images into focus.
Center fold on the Europe map slightly separated.
Center fold with almost invisible parallel creases.
Center forces the sphere center to lie on the view axis .
Center furnishes specialized education and training in the law and practice of dispute resolution.
Center gives students access to a twenty million dollar modern manufacturing facility.
Center gives terminally ill refuge from gloom.
Center helps partners stay focused.
Center isa location.
Center launches series of occasional papers.
Center lifts up.
Center mens storm chaser pullover.
Center mount flap, console mount trim.
Center objects Learn how to center an object on the stage.
Center offers classes, programs and recreational activities for all ages.
Center offers guitar, violin, and bass guitar lessons for all ages and all skill levels.
Center offers hands-on learning experiences for children.
Center offers physical, emotional and spiritual support.
Center offers powerful and flexible tools to manage, prioritize, update, and close out problems.
Center offers racquetball, basketball, and squash facilities.
Center offers ski, raft, climbing, hiking, and other trips.
Center offers unique state of the art facilities in a natural and beautiful environment.
Center opens to preserve minority ownership of rural land.
Center positions the dimension text centered between the dimension lines.
Center presents monthly seminars on topics relating to preventive medicine.
Center printouts on a page.
Center publishes an on-line newsletter and sponsors trainings and workshops.
Center pull, key lock handle for security.
Center punch all the holes and the center of the holly leaves.
Center reinforces our connection to the river.
Center rotates so that each skill can be done.
Center runs on Windows NT Server where messages are translated and displayed.
Center sash around waist, tying in big bow in back.
Center seeks balance between Eastern cultures, Western medicine.
Center seeks information on reactions associated with barium enema procedures.
Center serves as a model for language access.
Center shows snowman and trees.
Center snap nursing opening.
Center specializes in economic modeling, technical assistance, and the health of Maine's economy.
Center specializes in library and information science and educational technology.
Center specifies the middle frequency of the filter.
Center springform pan on foil strip and gently lower into cooker.
Center stage a large double door flanked by guards.
Center stand as standard.
Center surround receptive field structure of cone bipolar cells in primate retina.
Center sweep hand dial.
Center wick by tying it to tie bar.
Center womens mockneck tee.
Centers advocate for positive change in the community through education and advocacy.
Centers allow for independent study and foster creativity.
Centers allow teachers to embed skills into a variety of activities that engage the young learner.
Centers also develop technical assistance programs based on local agencies' needs.
Centers also differ on the qualifications required of their operators.
Centers also have on hand both university and financial aid applications.
Centers also help to avoid discipline problems.
Centers also offer training and ongoing support for computer-based instruction.
Centers also plan social, athletic and holiday programs.
Centers also provide adult treatment and vocational services.
Centers also provide an opportunity for more interaction with other children.
Centers also provide deployment, relocation, employment, financial management and crisis assistance.
Centers also provide education and awareness activities in their communities and statewide.
Centers also provide regular in-service activities for the continuing education of their mediators.
Centers also receive information on processes of care.
Centers also take faceoffs, and there is a definite art to winning draws.
Centers also tend to be more expensive and less flexible in terms of scheduling.
Centers also tend to be more structured than family day care.
Centers also work together to provide training regarding funding.
Centers applying for accreditation go through a self-study process lasting several months.
Centers are a good idea since it lets the students work independently.
Centers are a place for seniors to socialize, remain active and independent, learn and have fun.
Centers are a wonderful management tool.
Centers are also a great way to incorporate computers into a classroom.
Centers are also in progress in camps in Lebanon.
Centers are an important part of our daily routine.
Centers are areas.
Centers are available for persons needing minimal assistance and social interaction with others.
Centers are available in many of the major cities of each of the countries listed.
Centers are basketball players.
Centers are buildings.
Centers are centres.
Centers are classes.
Centers are concentrations of shops, services and housing.
Centers are devoted to a specialized advanced area of research.
Centers are either for women or for men.
Centers are formations.
Centers are great ways for students to be active.
Centers are hard to come by.
Centers are in Fresno, Sacramento and the Bay Area.
Centers are in Fresno, Sacramento, and the Bay Area.
Centers are independent affiliates.
Centers are limited in what they can do to conserve power.
Centers are linemans.
Centers are objects.
Centers are offensive linemans.
Centers are often the first point of contact for people with mental health concerns.
Centers are on the internet.
Centers are only one of several collaboration mechanisms.
Centers are open during the daytime, evenings, and weekends to accommodate parents' schedules.
Centers are open in the late afternoon and early evening hours.
Centers are open on each campus.
Centers are places.
Centers are points.
Centers are positions.
Centers are rare in the higher grade levels.
Centers are sky blue, with elaborte gold and white borders featuring rose medalions.
Centers are staffed and operated near U.S. bases in many countries.
Centers are surrounded by layers.
Centers are sweets.
Centers are understaffed and experience high turnover rates because of low pay.
Centers are vacuum-sealed one slice per package.
Centers are vulnerable to any significant change affecting universities, government, or industry.
Centers are when kids go from table to table and do things.
Centers ask visitors to call for current conditions.
Centers assure that medical advances are made available to people as soon as feasible.
Centers attract attention.
Centers attract much attention.
Centers become white on the leaf spots.
Centers benefit from the involvement of more parents.
Centers bring together expertise from many diverse disciplines into a single laboratory environment.
Centers can also be a place for student health services and parent support.
Centers can be a focus for helping to advance teaching and learning at a college.
Centers can be open from a few hours weekly to every day.
Centers can receive up to five points in each of the three areas.
Centers can receive up to five stars as a total rating.
Centers can schedule evening hours during periods of peak demand.
Centers can serve communities ranging from a single neighborhood to an entire metropolitan area.
Centers can work toward curriculum matches, Fall round-up changes.
Centers Click on the center type for a listing of identified and designated centers.
Centers collect data through hotline calls, in-person visits to the center, or both.
Centers come in all shapes and sizes.
Centers complete an annual written report documenting improvements and program changes.
Centers continually come and go on a flexible rotating basis throughout the module.
Centers dedicate to treatments.
Centers do have an academic component and are therefore subsidized by the academic areas.
Centers employ different types of child care workers.
Centers film on backboard of machine and tapes film in position.
Centers finally drop out.
Centers follow paths.
Centers follow smooth paths.
Centers function at three levels.
Centers generate responses.
Centers handle an ever-expanding case and project load, and meet a growing demand for training.
Centers have a bookstore and a synagogue.
Centers have common geographic nature and common levels of infrastructure.
Centers have greater defensive responsibilities than wingers.
Centers have information.
Centers have many opportunities to volunteer in meaningful roles.
Centers have on-site support staff and printer output areas.
Centers have rooms.
Centers have tests.
Centers implies a library-like service center.
Centers move forward in a small semi-circle to stand behind the adjacent end.
Centers offer everything from baby clothes to parenting classes to welfare referrals.
Centers offer free after-school activities.
Centers offer lift-equipped van service.
Centers offer noncredit workshops as well as credit courses.
Centers offer options.
Centers offer seniors an active lifestyle.
Centers offer services.
Centers offer topics.
Centers offer vegetarian options.
Centers offer weekly meditation sessions, weekend courses and retreats of various lengths.
Centers only keep some microfilms and microfiche in their collections.
Centers only open until midnight.
Centers open daily.
Centers organize extensively in the community for on-going community participation.
Centers participate in a city-wide governance body.
Centers paying the lowest wages lose the greatest number of teachers.
Centers play the perimeter.
Centers possess both laboratory research projects as well as a community-based intervention project.
Centers promote socialization skills, communication, independence.
Centers provide advising and contain information about academic programs.
Centers provide assistance to all people, regardless of their disability.
Centers provide assistance.
Centers provide church services, counseling, and moral education.
Centers provide detail information.
Centers provide information.
Centers provide quality, exemplary services directly to families and individuals.
Centers provide resources and referrals for students and families.
Centers provide services to people with disabilities of all ages.
Centers provide services.
Centers provide trade information services, such as lists of importers, some free of charge.
Centers range in size from a few to several horses.
Centers regulator, using tweezers, and verifies that jewel is properly oiled, using loupe.
Centers remain centers and ends remain ends.
Centers represent a blend of federal, state and local resources.
Centers retrieve and print reference requests daily.
Centers serve all kinds of students, including many who are at or above grade level.
Centers serve as a nucleus for client services and case management.
Centers serve as sources to export-ready businesses entering international markets.
Centers serve customers.
Centers serve external customers.
Centers serve minority patients.
Centers serve patients.
Centers sponsor col-loquia, workshops, conferences, and visiting scholars.
Centers tend to be for a specific technology or medium.
Centers thrive in communities that are supportive and involved.
Centers trade, then ends courtesy turn the centers.
Centers train many thousands more in various conflict resolution skills.
Centers try to offer a place where parents can share information in a non-threatening environment.
Centers turn pale yellow-gray and drop out.
Centers typically expand summer hours to include weekday mornings and early afternoons.
Centers use databases.
Centers vary each day.
Centers vary greatly in terms of philosophy, program, and quality.
Centers vary in size, content, ages served, hours of operation, et cetera.
Centers work collaboratively to form a network to ensure that the needs of school divisions are met.
Centers frequently house congregate nutrition services and footcare services.
Centers often center on the science, social studies, or math concept of the week.
Centers often have training for new volunteers and ongoing in-service presentations.
Centers sometimes have skeleton crews handling large groups of children then.
Centers usually follow a plan of regularly-scheduled activities.
Centers usually follow the public school schedule.
All center exercises travel across the floor.
All centers also have containers for recycling used oil and antifreeze.
All centers also have tables and chairs available for rent, plus a variety of other equipment.
All centers appoint faculty managers for clusters of research projects or thrusts.
All centers are available for rental.
All centers are closed Sundays and major holidays.
All centers are handicap accessible.
All centers can deliver meals to eligible homebound seniors.
All centers emphasize public access, open lab time, and elder services.
All centers feature modern facilities, proven teaching methods, and the latest text books.
All centers have credit and non-credit courses, and most offer minors in their fields.
All centers have long bearings, insuring great accuracy.
All centers have volunteer opportunities.
All centers offer a nutritious noon-time meal.
All centers offer evening programs .
All centers offer financial, marketing and technical assistance.
All centers provide a full range of educational, recreational and professional services.
All centers report changes in staff over time, but no clear pattern of change has been documented.
All centers serve homemade hot bread and homemade desserts.
All centers take applications at any time unless otherwise noted.
Any center is fine.
Every center has a comprehensive program reflecting community needs, local talents and resources.
Every center has complete teacher directions and reproducible student directions and record sheets.
Every center has one.
Every center is designed with a quality learning environment and flexibility in mind.
Every center relies to some degree on volunteer support to provide quality services.
Many centers also have a girls club, boys club or a teen club.
Many centers also have van transportation to and from the center.
Many centers also offer amenities such as saunas, ice skating and fitness centers.
Many centers also provide services above and beyond the basic services.
Many centers also serve as senior dining locations.
Many centers apply a steep fee for late pick-ups.
Many centers appreciate parents helping out as playground supervisors.
Many centers are also active in housing , economic development , and home improvement programs .
Many centers are also open for evening and weekend activities.
Many centers are for-profit operations, affiliated in some instances with a local or national chain.
Many centers are in or are sponsored by libraries, and often provide access to an archive of texts.
Many centers are medical clinics with a full range of free services.
Many centers can t afford it and have to close.
Many centers contain videotapes, reports and special computer resources.
Many centers continue to be plagued by personnel vacancies and high turnover.
Many centers continue to struggle to simply break even.
Many centers deal with teas produced in their own countries or regions.
Many centers do transfers with any form of stimulation or suppression.
Many centers exist to focus the activities of workers across disciplines.
Many centers have multiple organ transplant departments.
Many centers have satellite or branch offices in additional communities.
Many centers have six weeks of intensive inpatient therapy after surgery.
Many centers have small libraries.
Many centers have waiting lists, and some go by the date of application.
Many centers keep a separate area for infants and do quite well in their care.
Many centers lose more than half of their staff each year.
Many centers lose more than half their staff each year.
Many centers now have alumni systems to maintain contact with graduates.
Many centers now offer snowshoe rentals and have opened trails specifically for snowshoers.
Many centers offer a wide variety of services and activities in addition to a hot, nutritious meal.
Many centers offer child care for their employees at a reduced rate.
Many centers offer low-priced lunches for seniors.
Many centers offer newsletters and other local information online.
Many centers offer patron classes on a variety of genealogical research topics.
Many centers offer reduced prices during certain times of the year and on weekends and holidays.
Many centers offer transportation, group activities, and meals or snacks.
Many centers operate several virtual servers on a single physical device.
Many centers require patients to drink a gallon or more of laxative.
Many centers serve employees from different agencies located in the same area.
Many centers serve hot meals or give people box lunches to take home.
Many centers sponsor support groups for families dealing with caregiving issues.
Many centers try to ensure that machines are checked by physicists before the inspections.
Many centers work closely with and receive referrals from courts and other agencies.
Most centers also have a maintenance and a food production assistant.
Most centers also have small collections of reference books.
Most centers also offer training and help in getting started.
Most centers are in some way linked to local universities.
Most centers are open every weekday.
Most centers are open seven days a week.
Most centers are safe, and offer activities that stimulate learning.
Most centers are surrounded by layers.
Most centers attract attention.
Most centers attract much attention.
Most centers carry the newest line of snowshoes.
Most centers charge a training fee.
Most centers currently serve as practicum sites for nearby schools of nursing.
Most centers dedicate to treatments.
Most centers depend on a network of volunteers to run the many activities.
Most centers describe their program and some also offer academic material, often of a basic nature.
Most centers follow paths.
Most centers follow smooth paths.
Most centers generate responses.
Most centers give the gestational carrier hormones to help prime and time the uterus for conception.
Most centers have a sliding fee scale based on private participant's ability to pay.
Most centers have a supported employment component.
Most centers have a variety of regularly scheduled classes and programs each week.
Most centers have books, maps, telephone directories, and information from various sources.
Most centers have children climb with their parents.
Most centers have information.
Most centers have less cash flow and the lanes generally get neglected.
Most Centers have newsletters and e-mail announcement lists.
Most centers have no security and are laid out in ways that virtually invite thievery.
Most centers have nursery facilities for parents with infants.
Most centers have retreat facilities.
Most centers have rooms.
Most centers have several membership plans.
Most centers have several types of membership plans.
Most centers have tests.
Most centers hold only the microfilm for the counties they serve.
Most centers maintain current job listings and have valuable contacts with employers.
Most centers now have materials on the web site.
Most centers offer a mix of goods and services and are relatively unspecialized.
Most centers offer computer access, staff assistance and a range of resources to housing residents.
Most centers offer courses in English while students study the language of the country.
Most centers offer from ten to twenty career choices.
Most centers offer no or limited health insurance.
Most centers offer options.
Most centers offer services.
Most centers offer special deals.
Most centers offer their staff limited or no health insurance.
Most centers offer topics.
Most centers offer vegetarian options.
Most centers offset the lower rates of reimbursement by charging more for other services.
Most centers perform a comprehensive evaluation to determine which type of transplant to offer.
Most centers provide assistance.
Most centers provide detail information.
Most centers provide information.
Most centers provide regular walks, and some have organized play.
Most Centers provide service from a number of offices located throughout their service area.
Most centers provide services.
Most centers provide sweaters to the teams that the players get to keep after the season.
Most centers purchase much of their equipment new.
Most centers recognize the differing needs for children resting.
Most centers recommend combined modality therapy.
Most centers serve customers.
Most centers serve external customers.
Most centers serve minority patients.
Most centers serve patients.
Most centers use barium enema and x-ray screening for reduction.
Most centers use databases.
Most centers utilize a multi-disciplinary professional team.
Most centers work with community agencies on a number of different levels.
Some centers accept qualified laypeople.
Some centers allow only pencils and paper.
Some centers allow patients to eat only foods specially prepared by the hospital.
Some centers allow summer league bowlers all the open bowling they can handle.
Some centers also accept oil filters and antifreeze.
Some centers also assist in cooperatives among districts by serving as fiscal agents.
Some centers also deliver a limited number of lunches to older people who are home-bound.
Some centers also have health educators and nutritionists.
Some centers also have web sites.
Some centers also help companies design Web strategies, choose bandwidth providers and store data.
Some centers also offer demonstrations of new technologies.
Some centers also offer literacy training for adults.
Some centers also offer scholarships for qualified students in departmental degree programs.
Some centers also provide hearing aids and audiology services.
Some centers also serve breakfast and lunch.
Some centers also sponsor free classes.
Some centers also stock travel tapes.
Some centers also use traditional Chinese medicines to help users overcome their addiction.
Some centers amplify the definition of the term to include soldiers present in the first week.
Some centers are here all year.
Some centers are inside and some are outside.
Some centers are most fortunate to have well-trained, experienced staffers.
Some centers are open on weekends to serve lunch as well.
Some centers are praise-worthy others are condemned.
Some centers are very expensive and have very low success rates.
Some centers attempt to correct information when a duplicate identification is detected.
Some centers care for children of mixed-age groups, from six weeks old through school age.
Some centers choose to serve children in a limited age group.
Some centers close within a short period of time or fail to open at all.
Some centers collect land grants and vital stats for their geography.
Some centers contain instruction.
Some centers control blood pressure.
Some centers control pressure.
Some centers dedicate to care.
Some centers develop breakthroughs.
Some centers discourage required visits.
Some centers even feature buffet service.
Some centers even invite young people to come and sing or play games with their residents.
Some centers even offer services in several languages.
Some centers even provide pharmacy, laboratory, X-ray, and dental services.
Some centers even provide photographs.
Some centers even provide transportation services for seniors in the community.
Some centers fill up quickly, so be sure to register as early as possible.
Some centers follow a formal plan, perhaps one developed by a well-known educator.
Some centers follow more formal plans.
Some centers have a multicultural teaching and learning mission.
Some centers have a very small staff.
Some centers have branch or satellite centers.
Some centers have children.
Some centers have clinics.
Some centers have close ties to industry, hospitals, or other academic institutions.
Some centers have computer and electronic games, too.
Some centers have dark eyes.
Some centers have dark purple eyes.
Some centers have dormitory facilities, group homes and day-care facilities.
Some centers have eastern meadowlarks.
Some centers have experience.
Some centers have eyes.
Some centers have fees based on the older person's ability to pay.
Some centers have food pantries to provide food for the children's families.
Some centers have importance.
Some centers have meadowlarks.
Some centers have needles.
Some centers have newsletters.
Some centers have products.
Some centers have purple eyes.
Some centers have resident communities to provide facilities for study and meditation.
Some centers have scholarships available to help cover costs for low-income seniors.
Some centers have special areas for exhibitors and attendees.
Some centers have special corners, chairs, or play equipment for children to use alone.
Some centers have staff quarters, craft buildings and other facilities.
Some centers have temporary storage.
Some centers have their own transportation, others rely on para transit systems or volunteers.
Some centers have tremendous importance.
Some centers have two officers.
Some centers have weight and exercise rooms, billiards and game areas.
Some centers help families get food stamps so that children can eat properly and stay healthy.
Some centers help patients.
Some centers help penguins.
Some centers now send diagnostic reports and images over the Internet, speeding up the process.
Some centers offer a discount for the care of more than one child in a family.
Some centers offer a second year, follow-up course.
Some centers offer amenities such as video-editing suites, dance studios and computer labs.
Some centers offer career counseling, testing, and academic planning.
Some centers offer customs.
Some centers offer drop-in care, especially if they have vacancies they're trying to fill.
Some centers offer English services.
Some centers offer evening care.
Some centers offer fetal surgery to attempt to close the defect prior to delivery.
Some centers offer free or low cost lodging.
Some centers offer infant care and private kindergarten.
Some centers offer insight.
Some centers offer instruction.
Some centers offer optional services such as podiatry or dentistry.
Some centers offer special evening meals.
Some centers offer therapy.
Some centers offer training and mentoring in several languages.
Some centers operate independently and are based at regional universities or libraries.
Some centers operate weekend schedules that provide greater flexibility.
Some centers operate weekend schedules that provide vent greater flexibility.
Some centers operate year-round, others only during the summer.
Some centers pass through great lake regions.
Some centers pass through regions.
Some centers perform assessments in the person's home.
Some centers perform procedures.
Some centers perform repair earlier.
Some centers permit a friend to stay nearby, or a parent if a child is being examined.
Some centers primarily provide care for infants and toddlers.
Some centers provide courses for younger students.
Some centers provide education, recreation, or social services.
Some centers provide education.
Some centers provide family counseling.
Some centers provide options.
Some centers recommend that all patients with multiple sclerosis receive the flu shot.
Some centers report growth.
Some centers require a membership fee.
Some centers require only a high school diploma.
Some centers require students to make appointments to speak with academic advisers.
Some centers run drop-in child care in military health clinics.
Some centers sell aquatic plants.
Some centers sell epiphytic plants.
Some centers sell fish.
Some centers sell geese.
Some centers sell monkeys.
Some centers sell pansies.
Some centers sell plants.
Some centers study the devices as permanent transplant alternatives.
Some centers subcontract with other agencies to offer a wider variety of programs.
Some centers successfully supplement regular staff with student help.
Some centers suggest a specific fee, others ask for an appropriate donation.
Some centers support interest.
Some centers surround areas.
Some centers take on a slightly different approach to the concept of service learning.
Some centers use antiandrogen drugs pre operatively or pre radiation.
Some centers use cobalt machines that contain a strong radioactive source to produce gamma rays.
Some centers use intensive sauna programs for detoxification.
Some centers use satellites.
A centerboard is a plate
Centerboard monohulls with no ballast for self-righting.
Centered alignment can be effective, but mostly they lose any strong focal point.
Centered backgrounds are good for such things as poems and recipes.
Centered cells are ones with multiple lattice points per cell.
Centerfold map has numbers for attractions, shops and food.
Centerings are passes.
Centerline data are available at the following prices.
Centerline data is in development.
Centerline rule applies.
Centerline rule is in effect.
A centerline is a line
Centerlines provide important guidance to motorists.
A centerpiece is a feature
Centerpieces are a finishing touch to helping families have mealtime.
Centerpieces are available at an additional cost.
Centerpieces are decoration.
Centerpieces are features.
Centerpieces are located in tables.
Centerpieces are no exception.
Centerpieces are ornaments.
Centerpieces can be a floral or balloon design, made to complement the tables and decorate the room.
Centerpieces can be simple or elaborate, fun and festive, or elegant and beautiful.
Centerpieces can serve double duty.
Centerpieces come with self drilling screws and are added on last.
Centerpieces made by clustering potted plants or flowering bulbs can double as guest favors.
Centerpieces Make confetti with shredded tax forms.
Every centerpiece is different.
Centerplex tenants have the following space available for sublease.
Centiliter isa unit.
Centiliters have (part) ccs.
Centiliters have (part) millileters.
Centiliters have (part) mls.
Some centiliters are part of liters.
Some centiliters are part of litres.
A centimeter is a linear measure
A centimeter is a metric
Centimeter is a metric unit and equals to one hundredth of a meter which is base metric length unit.
Centimeter isa unit.
Centimeters are easiest since there are no fractions involved.
Centimeters are more convenient, or inches and tenths of an inch.
Centimeters are part of meters.
Centimeters are smaller than inches.
Centimeters deep yawns the abyss.
Centimeters have (part) millimeters.
Centimeters have (part) mms.
Every centimeter demands a struggle, the land demands blood.
Some centimeters are part of meters.
Some centimeters are part of metres.
Some centimeters are part of ms.
A centimetre is a linear measure
A centimetre is a metric
Centimetre isa unit.
Centimetres are far too small, while the next unit up, a metre, is simply far too large.
Centimetres are much more common in Germany.
Centimetres are smaller than inches and are likely to give a more precise measure when ranging.
Centimetres have (part) millimeters.
Centimetres have (part) mms.
Some centimetres are part of meters.
Some centimetres are part of metres.
Some centimetres are part of ms.
Centipede grass has an open growth that can encourage the weed population to grow.
Centipede grass has probably the lowest maintenance of the warm season grasses.
Centipede grass is a popular turf grass for lawn in the Southern part of the United States.
Centipede grass is a tropical grass that has no natural winter rest period.
Centipede grass is grass.
Centipede grass is susceptible to the disease brown patch.
Centipede grass loves hot wet weather to germinate.
Centipede grass produces new stolons each growing season.
Centipede venom contains poison.
A centipede is an arthropod
Centipede grows best in full sun but does well in light shade.
Centipede isa arthropod.
Centipede tolerates acidic soil and has low fertilizer requirements.
Centipede tolerates poor soils and has coarser blades.
Centipedes also have a pair of easily seen antennae.
Centipedes also move quickly while millipedes are slow.
Centipedes are a diverse group of Arthropods with a range of behavioral characteristics.
Centipedes are abundant in the tropics.
Centipedes are active and do their hunting at night.
Centipedes are active at night when they prey on insects and other arthropods.
Centipedes are active hunters, while most millipedes eat plant matter.
Centipedes are almost totally predatory, fast moving, and aggressive.
Centipedes are animals.
Centipedes are arthropods rather than insects.
Centipedes are arthropods.
Centipedes are beneficial hunters.
Centipedes are born with as few as four pairs of legs, gaining a new set with each molting.
Centipedes are carnivores and get their food by hunting.
Centipedes are carnivores characterized by one pair legs on each segment behind the head.
Centipedes are common in most gardens across America, Europe and Asia.
Centipedes are elongated multisegmented arthropods with a single pair of legs on each body segment.
Centipedes are fairly long-lived, especially compared to insects.
Centipedes are far more active than millipedes, particularly the common house centipede.
Centipedes are fascinating pets for advanced hobbyists.
Centipedes are fast moving, agile, nocturnal animals.
Centipedes are fast runners.
Centipedes are fast-moving, carnivorous, venomous invertebrates.
Centipedes are flattened, with many different body segments.
Centipedes are found throughout the United States and the world.
Centipedes are generalist predators and eat a wide variety of prey.
Centipedes are highly susceptible to water loss for two reasons.
Centipedes are hunters with powerful jaws to devour insects, worms and grubs.
Centipedes are important ground predators, controlling insects, slugs, and other soil pests.
Centipedes are millipedes' tough cousins.
Centipedes are most common to temperate and tropical regions.
Centipedes are nocturnal and actively seek dark shelter if exposed.
Centipedes are nocturnal and remain under stones or wood during the day.
Centipedes are nocturnal and usually remain under stones or wood during the day.
Centipedes are nonaggressive and their venom is mild.
Centipedes are one of the two myriapod groups.
Centipedes are predaceous, feeding on insects, spiders and other small animals.
Centipedes are predators .
Centipedes are predators and are uniquely adapted for agile hunting.
Centipedes are predators and generally play a beneficial role in the garden.
Centipedes are predators of insects.
Centipedes are predators of pest insects.
Centipedes are predators that feed on small insects and spiders.
Centipedes are predators, feeding on insects and small vertebrates, depending upon the species.
Centipedes are predators.
Centipedes are predatory, feeding on soil invertebrates such as earthworms and terrestrial insects.
Centipedes are primarily nocturnal but there are some diurnal species.
Centipedes are prone to dehydration.
Centipedes are related to insects but are classified as their own separate group.
Centipedes are used as ingredients in treatments for malaria and snakebites in some cultures.
Centipedes are usually brownish, flattened, and elongate animals which have many body segments.
Centipedes are usually gray, tan or brownish in color.
Centipedes are usually yellow to reddish brown and have flatter bodies than millipedes.
Centipedes are venomous and potentially dangerous to humans, especially children.
Centipedes are venomous.
Centipedes are very dangerous, and their bite is extremely painful.
Centipedes are very maternal and paternal.
Centipedes are voracious predators and can inflict a painful bite.
Centipedes are wormlike in form, with a distinct head that possesses a pair of antennae.
Centipedes are wormlike in shape but are arthropods and move swiftly on jointed legs.
Centipedes are yellowish to brownish, flattened top to bottom, with a pair of long antennae.
Centipedes belong to class of Chilopoda.
Centipedes belong to the chilopoda class and fit under the sub-phylum myriapoda.
Centipedes belong to the class Chilopoda.
Centipedes bite, and some can be dangerous to people by passing along bacterial infections.
Centipedes breathe through the openings located along sides of their bodies.
Centipedes can be harmful to humans.
Centipedes can live for several years.
Centipedes can measure from one to six inches in length.
Centipedes can regenerate lost legs.
Centipedes capture prey.
Centipedes commonly enter homes in the fall or winter months or during times of cooler temperatures.
Centipedes contain one pair of walking legs per segment and are carniverous.
Centipedes contain one pair of walking legs per segment and are carnivorous.
Centipedes detect prey through the use of their antennae, which are covered with dense hairs.
Centipedes develop slowly, sometimes with seven or more molts occurring before they mature.
Centipedes do have poisonous front claws, but their claws are too small to bite through human skin .
Centipedes do have poisonous front claws, but their claws are too small to bite through human skin.
Centipedes eat flies, spiders , and other soft-bodied arthropods.
Centipedes eat insects, and the largest can even eat mice.
Centipedes eat insects, earthworms, spiders, slugs and other small animals.
Centipedes eat insects, earthworms, spiders, slugs, and other small animals.
Centipedes eat prey.
Centipedes Eat slugs eggs.
Centipedes eat small insects, spiders, and larvae.
Centipedes feed on any small arthropod, but prefer small insects.
Centipedes feed on insects and spiders.
Centipedes feed on insects, including household pests.
Centipedes feed on small insects and other arthropods.
Centipedes feed very well on a wide range of prey.
Centipedes hatch from eggs.
Centipedes have (part) brains.
Centipedes have (part) carapaces.
Centipedes have (part) cell membranes.
Centipedes have (part) cells.
Centipedes have (part) corpi.
Centipedes have (part) cytoplasm.
Centipedes have (part) ears.
Centipedes have (part) faces.
Centipedes have (part) heads.
Centipedes have (part) nuclei.
Centipedes have (part) plasma membranes.
Centipedes have (part) sections.
Centipedes have (part) shells.
Centipedes have (part) skulls.
Centipedes have (part) thoraxes.
Centipedes have (part) vacuoles.
Centipedes have a hard exoskeleton and jointed legs.
Centipedes have a long body composed of many segments.
Centipedes have a pair of legs on each segment.
Centipedes have a pretty short reproductive life.
Centipedes have a round, flattened head and a pair of antennae .
Centipedes have a single pair of legs on each body segment.
Centipedes have a small, flat head, antennae and a pair of mandibles and maxillae.
Centipedes have an unusual reproductive ritual.
Centipedes have antennas.
Centipedes have compound eyes.
Centipedes have different numbers of legs depending on the species.
Centipedes have distinctive features.
Centipedes have environments.
Centipedes have eyes.
Centipedes have eyesights.
Centipedes have features.
Centipedes have jaws.
Centipedes have just one pair of legs per body segment, a key distinction from millipedes.
Centipedes have legs.
Centipedes have long antennae which they use for sensing their surroundings and finding food.
Centipedes have long legs.
Centipedes have numerous jointed legs.
Centipedes have one pair of antennae.
Centipedes have one pair of legs per body segment.
Centipedes have only one leg per body segment.
Centipedes have only one leg per segment.
Centipedes have only one pair of legs per body segment, run rapidly and are beneficial predators.
Centipedes have only one pair of legs per segment, millipedes have two pairs.
Centipedes have pairs of legs, but only odd numbers of paired legs.
Centipedes have poison claws on their anterior segments, although few are of any danger to man.
Centipedes have poison glands and can bite and therefore pose an occasional threat to man.
Centipedes have poison glands, which they use to paralyze their prey.
Centipedes have poor eyesights.
Centipedes have similar respiratory systems to insects.
Centipedes have stages.
Centipedes have venomous claws that they use to snare their insect victims.
Centipedes hide in cracks and crevices during the day and come out to hunt at night.
Centipedes inhabit areas.
Centipedes inhabit places.
Centipedes inhabit regions.
Centipedes inhabit urban areas.
Centipedes kill their prey with a venom that is injected through the tips of their poison claws.
Centipedes lay eggs, which in some species are carefully brooded by the female.
Centipedes live in damp, humid environments.
Centipedes live in environments.
Centipedes live in moist environments.
Centipedes live in soil.
Centipedes live under stones and in the soil.
Centipedes mate in warm months and stay dormant through winter.
Centipedes molt multiple times during the nymph stage and gain new sets of legs with each molt.
Centipedes move faster , and only have one pair of legs per segment .
Centipedes move faster, and only have one pair of legs per segment.
Centipedes move quickly, while millipedes are slow.
Centipedes need moisture.
Centipedes occupy habitats.
Centipedes posess peculiar organs on the first segment of their hind legs called coxal organs.
Centipedes possess bodies.
Centipedes prey on insects and other small animals.
Centipedes prey on pests and insects in the soil including slugs, worms and fly pupae.
Centipedes qualify as pests because they sometimes bite people, especially when they're handled.
Centipedes reach adulthood.
Centipedes require humid places and some thing to prey upon since they are predatory.
Centipedes require moist habitats.
Centipedes scurry along very quickly, and are among the fastest of non-flying arthropods.
Centipedes secrete sticky substances.
Centipedes secrete substances.
Centipedes seek shelter.
Centipedes tend to scurry for cover when disturbed.
Centipedes travel fast, so they are hard to see and even more difficult to catch.
Centipedes typically leave no direct signs other than the sighting of the centipede itself.
Centipedes undergo an incomplete metamorphosis , with three life stages.
Centipedes use a pair of hollow legs, adapted with claws, to bite into the skin.
Centipedes use hind legs.
Centipedes use legs.
Centipedes use long hind legs.
Centipedes use long legs.
Centipedes use structures called gnathosomes or gnathopods to inject venom into their prey.
Centipedes use their abbreviated arms, called forcipules, to kill prey and for defence.
Centipedes vary in color from light yellow to dark brown and reddish brown.
Centipedes vary in color from light yellow to dark brown to a reddish brown.
Centipedes walk on legs.
Centipedes often have more legs.
Centipedes usually are less common in homes than millipedes.
Centipedes usually are much less common in homes than millipedes.
All centipedes are believed to be predators.
All centipedes are predators.
All centipedes are terrestrial, but they require moist microhabitats.
All centipedes have venom glands to immobilize their prey.
All centipedes lead a solitary independent life.
Many centipedes are adapted for running rapidly over a variety of surfaces.
Most centipedes are active at night.
Most centipedes are benefical.
Most centipedes are built for speed.
Most centipedes are nocturnal.
Most centipedes are predaceous, feeding mainly on insects.
Most centipedes are reddish-brown, brownish or yellowish in color.
Most centipedes are yellowish to dark brown or even striped.
Most centipedes eat prey.
Most centipedes grow new pairs of legs with each molting.
Most centipedes guard the eggs and new youth.
Most centipedes have antennas.
Most centipedes have compound eyes.
Most centipedes have distinctive features.
Most centipedes have environments.
Most centipedes have eyes.
Most centipedes have eyesights.
Most centipedes have features.
Most centipedes have jaws.
Most centipedes have legs.
Most centipedes have long legs.
Most centipedes have poor eyesights.
Most centipedes have stages.
Most centipedes inhabit areas.
Most centipedes inhabit places.
Most centipedes inhabit regions.
Most centipedes inhabit urban areas.
Most centipedes live in environments.
Most centipedes live in moist environments, like under leaf litter or in damp, rotting wood.
Most centipedes live in moist environments.
Most centipedes live in soil.
Most centipedes occupy habitats.
Most centipedes possess bodies.
Most centipedes reach adulthood.
Most centipedes secrete sticky substances.
Most centipedes seek shelter.
Most centipedes stay in dark, moist areas where food sources are plentiful.
Most centipedes use hind legs.
Most centipedes use legs.
Most centipedes use long hind legs.
Most centipedes use long legs.
Most centipedes walk on legs.
Some centipede species mature in about a year.
Some centipedes adapt to cold weather.
Some centipedes add leg pairs as they develop.
Some centipedes are adapted to burrowing in soil but most run on the surface.
Some centipedes are distinguished by legs.
Some centipedes are distinguished by long legs.
Some centipedes are incredibly large.
Some centipedes are quite colorful.
Some centipedes avoid desert heat.
Some centipedes avoid heat.
Some centipedes become adults.
Some centipedes bite old girls.
Some centipedes bite old year girls.
Some centipedes bite people.
Some centipedes can run quickly when disturbed.
Some centipedes care for their eggs and the hatchlings.
Some centipedes care for their young.
Some centipedes carry diseases.
Some centipedes come out at nights.
Some centipedes dig soil.
Some centipedes drop legs.
Some centipedes eat cane spiders.
Some centipedes eat garden spiders.
Some centipedes eat insects.
Some centipedes eat snakes.
Some centipedes eat spiders.
Some centipedes emit gases.
Some centipedes enter houses.
Some centipedes enter pipes.
Some centipedes escape artists.
Some centipedes feed on animals.
Some centipedes feed on creatures.
Some centipedes feed on insects.
Some centipedes feed on small creatures.
Some centipedes have areas.
Some centipedes have capability.
Some centipedes have considerable variability.
Some centipedes have dark stripes.
Some centipedes have glands.
Some centipedes have pairs.
Some centipedes have poison glands.
Some centipedes have problems.
Some centipedes have stripes.
Some centipedes have tails.
Some centipedes have variability.
Some centipedes have venom glands.
Some centipedes have venom.
Some centipedes hide in crevices.
Some centipedes inhabit corners.
Some centipedes live for years.
Some centipedes live in basements.
Some centipedes live in damp basements.
Some centipedes live in deserts.
Some centipedes look like adults.
Some centipedes look like snakes.
Some centipedes lose legs.
Some centipedes possess tubules.
Some centipedes reach maturity.
Some centipedes sit on knees.
Some centipedes wait for prey.
A centner is a mass unit
A centner is a metric
Centner says many of the letters contain added bonuses.
Centra employees live and raise families in the same communities they serve.
Centra software helps create a virtual training classroom.
Central administration follows the same pattern on a system-wide basis.
Central administration includes all administrative support offices.
Central administration is a common feature of all push tools.
Central administration is efficient.
Central administration is here to make the schools work.
Central administration is responsible for payment of all campus box rentals.
Central administration is top heavy.
Central administration means single updates are seen by everyone and spread to other DNS servers.
Central administration provides support.
Central administration represents the largest single cost peculiar to public education.
Central administration supports the educational process.
Central administrators indicate that improvements in use of assessment data are forthcoming.
Central agencies assist the development of New Zealand culture.
Central agencies can ensure that timeframes are considered and can help partners reach consensus.
Central agencies direct or provide service to the entire national government.
Central agents fill out a single but dynamic quote form online.
Central air is a great seller in the summer months but otherwise is little appreciated.
Central air is also available.
Central air is an added bonus.
Central air is easily adaptable to the forced air furnace system.
Central air is truly a comfort during the warm summer months.
Central air takes moisture out of the air.
Central airways behave more stiffly during forced expiration in patients with asthma .
Central apnea is associated with cessation of all respiratory movements.
Central apnea is defined as the absence of breathing efforts.
Central apnea occurs when the child seems to 'forget' to breathe.
Central arbitration is simpler and lower in cost for a uniprocessor system.
Central arch is the only ancient part.
Central area enjoys temperate climate.
Central area has two fully accessible elevators.
Central areas have very hot summers and very cold winters.
Some central areas consist of prairie.
Central atom has the lowest subscript and is usually listed first.
Central authority is frequently corrupt or weak.
Central authority is weak.
Central authority prefers such certainty and it makes maintenance easier if everything is the same.
Every central authority knows how hard it is to initiate change from above.
A central bank is an institution
Central bank announces guidelines for internal control procedures at commercial banks.
Central bank confirms positive economic trend Frankfurt.
Central bank has to ensure money stability.
Central banks are a bizarre hybrids.
Central banks are among the most intensive users of economic research.
Central banks are financial institutions.
Central banks are heavily enmeshed in the very fabric of the commercial banking system.
Central banks are leaders of last resort.
Central banks are our natural counterparts to that end.
Central banks are rather prone to waves of fashion that sweep around the globe periodically.
Central banks are responsible for the conduct of monetary policy.
Central banks are still lenders of last resort.
Central banks are the major lenders of gold.
Central banks are the primary regulators and overseers of commercial banks.
Central banks are the source of the moral hazard in cross-border banking.
Central banks are worthy of such attention because of their social and economic importance.
Central banks can manipulate it.
Central banks conduct their monetary policy through the money market.
Central banks follow different approaches to their monetary policy frameworks.
Central banks have a primary obligation to help achieve stable economic growth.
Central banks have broad latitude to create base money.
Central banks hold about a quarter of the world's above-ground gold.
Central banks hold reserves for two main reasons.
Central banks hold, in total, massive gold reserves.
Central banks intervene in the foreign exchange market to smooth out currency fluctuations.
Central banks make key decissions regarding monetary policy.
Central banks raise interest rates and sell dollars in defense.
Central banks seem helpless.
Central banks trade to dampen volatility.
Central banks use their foreign exchange reserves to smooth temporary excess demand conditions.
All central banks aim to preserve the integrity and stability of their currency.
All central banks use signalling.
Many central banks maintain national statistics for their home country.
Most central banks seek to achieve their objectives through some form of interest rate management.
Most central banks view contributing to a stable economy as one of their responsibilities.
Some central banks have an inflation target, a numerical goal.
Central bankers are a taciturn bunch.
Central bankers are infamous for their esoteric utterances and auras of secrecy.
Central bankers are on the horns of a dilemma.
Central bankers can make two contributions to ensure an open trading system.
Central bankers continue to be way too fearful of inflation.
Central bankers have a psychology similar to that of the public buying mutual funds.
Central bankers have to follow verbal discipline.
Central bankers sell dollars.
Central banking is a flaw that has been exploited to the maximum.
Central banking is an absolute necessity for dictatorial control over a nation.
Central banking is but a form of central planning.
Central banking is no exception.
Central bar is reinforced with an iron pin.
Central bathhouses provide hot showers and laundry facilities.
Central bays form the entrances with small Ionic porches.
Central Berlin looks like a construction site.
Central billing is also available for commercial accounts.
A central body is cytoplasm
Central body consists of brain case and primary organ housing armored within a bone cage.
Central body is elongated.
Central branches are erect, and others horizontal or semi-erect.
Central bundles are usually bigger than peripheral ones.
Central bus stand only walkable distance.
Central campus has all the classroom, office, library, and other amenity buildings.
Central campus is a perfect example.
Central campus is close to classrooms for the sciences.
Central catheters can be internal or external.
Some central cavities contain marrow.
Some central cavities take places.
Central censorship needs to be more accountable.
Central character is a pig.
All central characters die or are destroyed.
Central chi is very important to the health, strength and vitality of the practitioners.
Central chimneys extend through the mound.
Central China has brief, cold winters and long, hot summers.
Central China is always the important area for the army.
Central church is listed as leading the entire south.
A central city is a center
Central cities are cities that are the major communities in a metropolitan area.
Central cities are hub communities in metropolitan areas, surrounded by suburbs.
Central cities are now home to a higher proportion of high-risk kids.
Central cities are the major cities in a metropolitan statistical area.
Central cities play critical roles in regions' economic successes.
Central City has lots to see and do.
Central City is a distributor for a variety of industrial packaging products.
Central City is a revitalized area with many antique shops and more.
Central City is divided into non-overlapping fire districts, each containing a single firestation.
Central City wants a bigger piece of the pie.
All central cities have the state postal abbreviation following the name.
Central clinics offer hospitalization and surgical capabilities.
Central collections deals with vehicles and development deals with builing issues.
Central collections is generally the department that receives fees and taxes.
Central column is topped off with sundial.
Central command increases discharge of skin sympathetic efferents.
Central command increases total lung resistance in decerebrate cats.
Central compartment has lots of space for clothes, shoes, toiletry bag and other personal items.
Some central compartments consist of blood.
Central components are a graphical user interface and visualization modules.
Central computers are also a shared resource.
Central computers are available when needed.
Central computers can reside in a well controlled air-conditioned environment.
Central concern is the loss of recent memory.
Central conditioners have a number of advantages over other kinds.
Some central conditioners draw power all the time.
Central contributors maintain the much-coveted chokehold within a business ecosystem.
Central control adds layers of management, delays implementation, increases costs and waste.
Central control can go to absurd lengths.
Central control goes against the redundant and distributed architecture of the Internet.
Central control is the true way of evolving.
Central control is threatened.
Some central cores are surrounded by sheaths.
Some central cores are surrounded by starch sheaths.
Central courses cover the major areas of psychological science.
Central cyanosis is a late sign of airway obstruction.
Central cyanosis makes a congenital cardiac disorder highly likely.
Central database provides easy access to all data.
Central deafness is attributed to stroke, lengthy high fever or a blow to the head.
Central deafness is caused by damage to the hearing centers in the brain and is quite rare.
Central deafness is due to a problem within the hearing centers in the brain.
Central defects lead to lobster claw hand .
Central defects lead to 'lobster claw hand'.
Central depression ensures furniture sits securely in the centre of the raiser.
Central desert is ringed by grasslands, which in turn give way to brushland and open woodland.
Central District is the place to go for high-end fashions.
Central drawer is lined with purple felt cloth for silver flatware storage.
Central dysfunction is well documented in obesity and diabetes.
Central emphasis is on the alphabet and phonics.
Central erosions are characteristic of erosive osteoarthritis.
Central excise is also low.
Central excitations have a tendency to flow always into stretched muscles.
Central facilities are available to the entire Blacksburg campus.
Central facilities are in pavilions open to nature.
Central family run victorian hotel adjacent to botanic garden, All ensuite facilities.
Central fatigue is also a cause anxiety and other mental barriers.
Central fatigue is also an expression of lowered arousal.
Central files are accessible from across the room or around the world.
Central fingertip switch for right or left-handed use.
Central focus is on social history of human relations, including issues of gender, class, and race.
Central focus is on the mind-body problem, and the classical and contemporary attempts to solve it.
Central focus is the teacher area with a teaching screen, or projector.
Central frog is a fountain.
Central functions cover finance, legal, information services and human resources.
Central funds are available for the one time costs of hardware and installation.
Central funds are very difficult to obtain.
Central funding is available but limited.
Central funding is available for clinics and continuing education.
Central Garden is a highlight of Temperate Territory.
Central golfers hold down the top three spots in the individual standings as well.
Central government can change and modernise, and is doing so.
Central government can provide national guidance and standards for environmental management.
Central government comprises a bicameral parliament and cabinet of ministers.
Central government faces a range of challenges.
Central government has no overruling comprehensive plan at national level.
Central government includes all budgetary institutions and governmental non-budgetary funds.
Central government is bound to contain some fairly rigid powers.
Central government is committed to supporting the provincial government.
Central government is politically committed to decentralisation.
Central government is the right place to start.
Central government sets out what is to be done.
Central government struggles to control areas in the south and west of the republic.
Central government takes power from state government.
Central graduates are in high demand by employers.
Central graduates hold important positions all across the globe.
Many Central graduates teach.
Central heat is provided, as are cooking utensils, serving pieces and all towels and linens.
Central heating activates automatically if cold, otherwise heaters are available.
Central heating eats up energy.
Central heating ensures cosy cruising in all weathers.
Central heating features throughout.
Central heating is available for cooler months.
Central heating is available.
Central heating is equipped throughout.
Central heating is essential, preferably by gas or off-peak electricity.
Central heating is heat
Central heating is heating systems.
Central heating is included.
Central heating is installed.
Central heating is payable on consumption and maid service is available.
Central heating is payable on consumption together with electricity.
Central heating is payable on consumption together with fireplace wood.
Central heating is payable on consumption together with wood for the fireplace.
Central heating is planned for each villa.
Central heating is provided at set hours outside the summer months.
Central heating is throughout.
Central heating is widely available now and many firms in competition have brought the price down.
Central heating is with gas and gas is payable on consumption during heating season.
Central heating provides a warm environment conducive to the survival of termites during winter.
Central hole is easy.
Central idea is difficult to identify.
Central idea is present somewhere in the presentation.
Central ideas are vague and unclear.
Central indexes are servers where indexes exist for clearly defined purposes like sharing music.
All central information is published both in Finnish and Swedish.
Some central initiatives work.
Central intelligence is needed to point solicitors and counsel in the right direction.
Central intercom is roughed in.
All central irritations produce either sensory or motor disturbances, or both.
Central Island is an active volcano, emitting vapors.
Most central islands disappear spontaneously post-operatively without additional treatment.
Central issue is how people infer causality.
Central issue is trust vs. mistrust.
Central Jersey is on the cutting edge of high technology research and development.
Central Jersey specializes in Preventive Maintenance.
Central Jersey sucks.
Central kitchens can enhance profit on smaller scale as well.
Central kitchens supply most restaurants.
Central laboratory investigates mineral resources for geology.
Central leaders tend to be pragmatists.
Central lesions affect sweating over entire head, neck arms and upper trunk on same side.
Central lesions have a lower diagnostic yield compared to peripheral lesions.
Central library has coin changers on the first and second floors.
Central line is inserted into the chest.
Central line is preferred.
Central line see central venous catheter.
Central lines are acceptable for slower infusion, higher concentration applications.
Central location provides easy access to all major markets.
Central location provides easy commute from Northern Virginia, DC and Maryland.
Central logo shirts with collars are also acceptable.
Central lounges are air-conditioned.
Central lugs are tall with powerful shoulders for outstanding braking.
Central machines measure density in the hip, spine and total body.
Central management can efficiently reroute trains around storms and keep tracks clear of snow.
Central management foots the bill for experts.
Central management is simpler.
Central manager modifies the database and runs the master program.
Central markets allow easy price discovery, by open bidding, and market information reporting.
Central mechanisms participate in all pain states, acute and chronic.
Central medallion resembles a flower Push catch and safety chain.
Central meridian is a straight line.
Central ministries have different expectations.
Central necrosis makes lymph nodes suspicious for malignancy regardless of size.
Central nervous stimulants contain caffeine.
Central nervous system stimulants contain caffeine.
Central nodule expanded to valve mantle is termed a stauros.
Central nuclei contain genetic materials.
Central nuclei contain materials.
Most central nuclei contain genetic materials.
Most central nuclei contain materials.
Central obesity is considered a risk factor for insulin resistance.
A central office is an office
Central office gets more money, power How Reform Act II changed the balance of power.
Central office hopes to appeal to floating voters by targeting tax cuts at middle income earners.
Central office is instrumental in the establishment of new chapters across Canada.
Central office is located in New Jersey.
Central office needs the original invoice and one copy of invoice.
Central offices are another story.
Central offices are usually within two to three miles of the customer's facilities.
Central offices are where calls are routed to appropriate phone numbers.
Central operations are in New York City, with a satellite office in London.
Central osteomas are well delineated sclerotic lesions with smooth borders.
Central osteophytes are most prominent in the hip and knee .
Central page contains website charts and webmaster linking options and log-on.
Central pain can reduplicate the sensation of any torture.
Central pallor is followed by necrosis and ulceration.
Central Park blooms each summer with free entertainment.
Central Park boasts an amphitheater hosting local shows as well as professional entertainment.
Central Park can be a forbidding place on winter evenings.
Central Park creates a rural environment within one of the world's largest urban centers.
Central Park deserves better.
Central Park has a number of quaint entries in the fancy illuminated subway sign sweepstakes.
Central Park has about thirty-five million visitors every year .
Central Park has about thirty-five million visitors every year.
Central park has some trails and lot's of rocks, drop offs and other technical stuff.
Central Park is a beautiful area, with as many parks as houses.
Central Park is a big place.
Central Park is a short ten blocks away.
Central Park is a wonderful place and the food in little Italy defies description.
Central Park is Action Central .
Central Park is all about community.
Central Park is an experience well worth having.
Central Park is an impressive area in town where families and singles are always welcome.
Central Park is around the corner.
Central Park is at the front door.
Central Park is BIG, occupying some fifty blocks in length and four blocks across.
Central Park is by far the best place to bike.
Central Park is completed.
Central Park is convenient for picnic lunches.
Central Park is immense.
Central Park is in the foreground.
Central Park is in the middle of one of the world's largest cities.
Central Park is just down the street.
Central park is known for having carried many boulders.
Central Park is on the left side of the road.
Central Park is one of the most spectacular municipal parks in the nation.
Central Park is pretty, but the trees look a little tired, and more than a bit dusty.
Central Park is right in front, Banks and businesses are within walking distance.
Central Park is taken over by people digging BBQ pits to roast whole pigs.
Central Park is the greatest place on earth.
Central Park is the most celebrated example.
Central Park is the perfect place to go running, skating or cycling, as far as sports are concerned.
Central Park is two blocks away.
Central Park is vibrant as ever with folks enjoying their favorite outdoor sport.
Central Park is visible as a dark streak in the center of Manhattan's orange glow.
Central Park is yet another attraction.
Central Park lies behind.
Central Park offers a variety of fun things to do outside, from rollerblading to rowboating.
Central Park provides the border between midtown and uptown.
Central parks are located in manhattans.
Central parks are parks.
Central parks are part of manhattans.
Central parking is difficult and expensive, with long queues for car parks.
Central parts Click on map to open relevant articles, or navigate to another map.
Central place foraging theory is a version of the patch model.
Central places provide services to surrounding areas.
Central placement keeps focal range consistent and supports proper head and neck placement.
Central planning impedes the market's efficiency and productivity.
Central planning imposes enormous direct costs.
Central planning is a characteristic of socialist and communist economies.
Central planning is a killer in business today.
Central planning is an economic system in which the government makes all major economic decisions.
Central planning is ineffective in many regards.
Central planning isolates people from one another and propels elite rule.
Central planning wastes resources and retards economic progress.
Central planning works no better in schools than it does in the economy.
All central planning is hard because central planners are attempting to do what is impossible.
Central plateaus have climates.
Central plateaus have moderate climates.
Most central plateaus have climates.
Most central plateaus have moderate climates.
Central plazas are common.
Central plug is flanked by north-south swarm of dikes in summit cone.
Central point dispatching is accomplished via multi-channel dispatch consoles.
Central portion is of moderate intensity, but extremely steep at either end.
Central pressure is given in millibars, which is numerically equivalent to hectopascals.
Central printing is available to each building.
Central printing is still available.
Central processes are water, heat, carbon and nitrogen flows in various crop and forest ecosystems.
Central processes comprise the vestibular nerve which terminates in the four vest.
Central processes travel in caudal fasciculus solitarius and synapse in caudal nucleus solitarius.
A central processor is computer hardware
A central processor is electronic equipment
Central processor is notified when data transmission and verification is complete.
Many Central programs offer the possibility of service learning experiences in the host communities.
Central province is in the Southern Coastal area of Papua New Guinea.
Central question is relationship between historical and political analysis and morality.
Central questions remain unanswered.
Many central questions remain unanswered.
Central recommendation is to establish a new academic integrity office.
Central recording is very useful for example for examinations.
Central recurrence is a significant problem in patients with lung cancer.
Central region corresponds to the constellation of Lacerta, the Lizard.
Central region seems to be following our model of district proposals.
Central regions contain tissue.
Central regions contain xylem tissue.
Most central regions contain tissue.
Most central regions contain xylem tissue.
Some central regions contain arcs.
Central repositories allow the sharing of information anytime, anywhere.
Central repository means the central repository for Nevada records of criminal history.
Central retina is predominantly rods in dogs while it is cones in humans.
Central route leads to more enduring attitude change.
A central scotoma is disability
Central scotomas are another situation entirely.
Central sensitization is characteristic of chronic pain.
Central server handles the forwarding of mail to all subscribers to the list or conference.
All central servers are available.
Central services is located on the ground floor providing a vertical supply system to the hospital.
Central sewer is proposed for sewage conveyance on subject site.
Central sewer is the preferred method of wastewater treatment.
Central sewerage is suited only to the ambitions of absentee landlords land speculators.
Central site has two scanners available for student use.
Central site looks great, although still porta potty and no running water.
Central solenoid induces an electric field.
Central spikelets contain fertile flowers and set seeds.
Central spines have shapes.
Most central spines have shapes.
Central square contains a market emphasising the introverted character of the project.
Central Square is no exception.
Central stair is designed to encourage use of stairs between floors instead of elevators.
Central stairs lead to a comfortable arrangement of two bedrooms and a full bath.
Central stairwells are are safe locations as well.
Central stalk is rust in colour.
Central stalk supports a wide oral disk that is covered with small polyps.
Central star becomes visible.
Central star is mag.
Many central stars are known from their spectra to be very hot.
Some central stars have surfaces in which no hydrogen remains, some have no helium either.
Central stimulants contain caffeine.
Most central stimulants contain caffeine.
Central stimulation is followed by depression, with death resulting from respiratory failure.
Central stocks are sufficient to meet our annual needs.
Central storage allows for easy backup and archiving.
Central students can t write.
Central students compete for prizes.
Central students eat free.
Central students find themselves welcome and accepted both on and off the campus.
Central students take first place in Pensacola Interstate Fair art competition.
Central subject is the conception of a comprehen-sive artistic theory.
Central subject is the exploration and analysis of land use with the help of land use models.
Central Subjects bring new understandings about human motivation and behavior.
Central synapses are the fundamental unit of information processing in the brain.
Central systems are sufficiently flexible to capture any data considered relevant by users.
Central systems can be hydronic, steam or forced warm air.
Central systems can be hydronic, steam, or forced warm air.
Some central systems collect usage information for analysis and accounting of computer use.
Central team is unique.
Central tendency asks what value is most typical of the group studied.
Central tendency describes tendency of numerical data to group or cluster about a central point.
Central tendency refers to the score that is most representative of the entire distribution.
Central theme is the clash of cultures in the westward movement.
Central theme is the relationship between national independence and collective diplomacy.
Central themes are death, loneliness, communication.
Central themes are elasticity theory, fluid dynamics, electromagnetism and heat conduction theory.
Central themes are scientific invention, vengeance, power, and faith in humanity.
Central themes lead to ideas that themselves become central themes, and so forth.
Central topics vary.
Central traits are the basic building blocks of personality.
Central tree is large oak near foot of hill which rises to east.
Central tree is smaller than other two trees near it.
Central tree is tall pine between basketball court and creek.
Central tubes offer a compfortable seat for all.
Central ulceration follows, with serosanguineous exudation and formation of a black eschar.
Central units are readily accessible and offer bathroom and shower facilities.
Central vacuoles contain chlorophyll.
Most central vacuoles contain chlorophyll.
Some central vacuoles contain water.
Central vacuums make a clean air difference.
Many central vacuums have self cleaning filters, and can be exhausted outside.
Central Valley is an unincorporated, quiet, and pleasant community.
Central Valley offers the best of all worlds to the golfer and the non-golfer alike.
Central vein is in the center.
Central veins are inconspicuous.
Central veins are quite prominent and provide an easy means of orientation in sections of liver.
Central vent is visible in the foreground.
Central vignette shows two diesels rounding steep curve.
Central vision becomes affected if the macula , the central part of the retina, becomes detached.
Central vision can be significantly impaired.
Central vision is impaired in juvenile and in age-related macular degeneration.
Central vision is important for reading, driving a car, and recognizing faces.
Central vision is lost in severe glaucoma.
Central vision is sight.
Central vision is the vision in the center, or straight ahead.
Central vision is the vision used for reading, driving, and all tasks requiring acute vision.
Central vision is vision
Central vision remains, however, making it possible to see what is directly ahead.
Central water serves many of the homes here, but many others still get water from wells.
Central West is home for the seats of local, county, and state government.
Centrals are heavier, colored, and often hooked.
Centralisation follows from consideration of the total uncertainty.
Centralisation is dead.
Centralisation is gathering
Centralised archives are no longer necessary.
Centralised configuration allows control of many servers simultaneously.
Centralised databases are in existence in many places in the world.
Centralised distribution is also likely to increase as greater efficiency is sought.
Centralised events have the advantage that the winners are known at the end of the day.
Centralised government is a drag on the economy.
Centralised planning is linked with development economics.
A centrality is a position
Centrality is also a key advantage for the high-growth distribution sector.
Centrality is due to the bank's location.
Centralization also offers a lot of advantages.
Centralization also tends to fare better in environments in which ideas are relatively complex.
Centralization determines which hierarchical levels have authority to make decisions.
Centralization encourages uniformity and efficiency, but can stifle innovation and initiative.
Centralization extends the sphere of controlled production at the expense of exchange.
Centralization gives the illusion of efficiency but quite the opposite is the case.
Centralization is a good thing.
Centralization is a hallmark in civilization, and they're already having trouble with that.
Centralization is also likely a common characteristic driven primarily by the budget process.
Centralization is also to be watched for the same reason.
Centralization is anti-Web.
Centralization is combined with sovereignty of the people.
Centralization is consolidation.
Centralization is essential to realize the benefits of economies of scale.
Centralization is gather.
Centralization is here, and back at the same time.
Centralization is integration
Centralization is often a first step toward a consolidated help desk.
Centralization is required because it forces standardization.
Centralization is the goal.
Centralization is the great theme today with the men of money and ecclesiastical leaders.
Centralization is the key to improvement of information access, advisor training and assessment.
Centralization is the order of the media day.
Centralization locates responsibility in a single corporate unit, which helps ensure consistency.
Centralization means appointing one person to operate the system.
Centralization produces budget discipline.
Centralization provides consistency and some efficiencies.
Centralization requires a larger staff.
Centralization seems to be the answer.
Centralized administration is an important area to consider.
Centralized admissions allows students to apply without indicating an area of specialization.
Centralized alternative is the only correct option here.
Centralized announcements work much better.
Centralized approach seems to be generally easier for control and cheaper.
Centralized approaches can be computationally intractable, brittle, and unresponsive to change.
Centralized architecture is the most traditional and, as such, easiest to follow.
Centralized backup is however a good first step towards a comprehensive backup strategy.
Centralized bathhouses serve each cluster of cabins.
Centralized billing is available for commercial fleets.
More centralized buildings have a ways to go.
Centralized bureaucracies change slowly.
Centralized bureaucracy makes customer service difficult.
Centralized bureaucracy makes it difficult for masses to reap the rewards of commerce.
Centralized claims handling provides the convenience of one address and one main phone number.
Centralized command is over.
Centralized communications are the responsibility of a designated, single, national contingent.
Centralized computers make sharing resources easy, and are simple to maintain.
Centralized configuration helps ensure worker focus and productivity.
Centralized containers are in all academic buildings for collection of recycled materials.
Centralized control can only wreak havoc on individual liberty.
Centralized control is now possible.
Centralized control is sacrificed.
Centralized control means common standards, tools, and certifications.
Centralized control presents a temptation for overcontrol and is a risk to free expression.
Centralized control prevents fratricide and the wasting of weapons.
Centralized control provides the highest productivity, reliability, and speed.
Centralized controls are put in place.
Some centralized control has benefits.
Centralized cooking is done at kitchen and delivered by the two truck drivers.
Centralized coordination is difficult.
Centralized corporations are on a dangerous path.
Centralized curriculum makes it easy for companies to expand by building or acquiring campuses.
Centralized databases are the oldest electronic information sources.
Centralized data allows for real-time customer marketing and branding consistency.
Centralized data is risky.
Centralized data set development helps client agencies avoid duplication of effort.
Centralized development is censorship.
Centralized direction is therefore the agent of change.
Centralized equipment is less costly to maintain.
Centralized gates provide equal flow lengths to all extremities of the part.
Centralized gates provide equal flow paths to all extremities of the part.
Centralized gateways reduce hardware and software installation and maintenance requirements.
Centralized governments are obsolescent.
Centralized housing is necessary.
Centralized information is centralized power.
Centralized information is stored in tables.
Centralized investment offers the prospect of more revenues for the trust funds.
Centralized kitchens are available.
Centralized lubrication makes maintenance a snap.
Centralized mail routing option passes all mail through a single server, regardless of location.
Centralized management has other benefits.
Some centralized management is necessary to ensure legal standards are maintained.
Centralized manager serializes page accesses.
Centralized marketing provides local expertise and national exposure through one delivery system.
Centralized network is highly vulnerable.
More centralized operations concentrate power and control at the system level.
Centralized organization is often more efficient than alternative models.
Centralized organizations have more levels of management with narrow spans of control.
Centralized planning has, as a consequence become unconstitutional.
Centralized planning works no better on the global than on the national level.
Centralized power can be dangerous.
Centralized printers are for high-volume printing only.
Centralized processing allows cost control and monitoring of cases.
Centralized processing is another.
Centralized processing provides secure transactions and backup of critical data.
Centralized processing refers to processing that is accomplished by one large central computer.
Centralized registration makes enrolling easy for students.
Centralized server exists on a named machine with a default channel.
Centralized servers have to be able to support a near-unlimited number of people at once.
Centralized systems are more expensive to install than are laocalized ones.
Centralized systems are often steam or hot water while localized systems are often hot air.
Centralized systems are virtually unlimited in how large they can become.
Centralized systems have less complexity, but less redundancy hence less reliability.
Centralized technologies are subject to disruption and disaster.
Centralized trading is done through what is known as the stock exchanges.
Centralized warehouse opens - the first in the industry.
Centre block is best in the circle.
Centre county is a haven from the congestion and problems often found in urban America.
Centre County is a member.
Centre County is rich in historically significant architecture.
Centre county is the area highlighted in yellow.
Centre field makes for a good landing area.
Centre of mass is where the two lines cross.
A centre stage is high status
Centre stage slumps a bed.
A centre is content
Centre aims to facilitate the use of computers within the teaching of psychology.
Centre align it.
Centre already has two chiropractors and two registered massage therapists.
Centre also deals with adult literacy.
Centre also features a tough defense, especially against the pass.
Centre also open to community for functions.
Centre also receives the automatic bid from the conference into the national tournament.
Centre based long day care services care mainly for under school age children.
Centre boasts eight defensive returning starters and seven on the offense.
Centre closes to the public.
Centre cockpit with hard top.
Centre Colonels no more.
Centre continues to run anyway.
Centre continues with all volunteer activists.
Centre d'etudes francophones.
Centre d'etudes nordiques .
Centre d'Etudes romantiques.
Centre does, however, have a long and distinguished list of alumni in law.
Centre d'tudes et de recherches internationales, Paris, France.
Centre ducatif et culturel.
Centre encourages students to pursue scholarships from other agencies.
Centre faces many challenges in the coming decade, as the plan points out.
Centre file no.
Centre gets veep debate .
Centre gives the award each year to honor an individual for leadership and service.
Centre has a strong commitment to study abroad.
Centre has four sororities and six fraternities.
Centre has one of the nation's leading international study programs.
Centre has permanent exhibitions on local and natural history.
Centre has the power to amend the motion.
Centre has two stores and one grist mill.
Centre houses an exquisite collection of carpets, leatherwork and woodwork.
Centre is a business cubs World Series Tickets for in angeles world star reward.
Centre is an example of a government-operated facility.
Centre is applied to circular or spherical bodies.
Centre is both a great value and unusually affordable.
Centre is for research only.
Centre is good.
Centre is granted income tax exemption.
Centre is granted sales tax exemption.
Centre is involved in a massive public-relations drive to draw attention to itself and the debate.
Centre is neutral, ie. off.
Centre is one of the nine partners of the project.
Centre is open to host a debate at any time.
Centre is the tin officer's deaths head insignia which was worn on officers caps.
Centre isa location.
Centre maintains permanent residential study programs in England , France , Ecuador and Mexico .
Centre manifolds and normal forms.
Centre manifolds, normal forms, and elementary bifurcations .
Centre offers a matching service, connecting foreign buyers with Canadian companies.
Centre offers many academic clubs and societies.
Centre offers six fraternities for men and four sororities for women.
Centre offers the most successful teacher preparation program in the state of Kentucky.
Centre passes also begin play at the start of each period of extra time.
Centre places a heavy emphasis on overseas study.
Centre provides health information for people.
Centre provides rehabilitation and promoting independence through rehabilitation.
Centre provides visitors with information and nature activities.
Centre reprimands Manipur govt for rise in militancy .
Centre run courses at various times of the year.
Centre seconds with stop function.
Centre seeks list of pharma products for budgetary sops .
Centre supports research on issues which affect women in the workplace.
Centre universitaire de soins tertiaires.
Centre Welcome to the advice centre.
Centre welcomes today.
Centres abound where the people's culture can be appreciated.
Centres admit new members and issue their certificates.
Centres also identify and connect agencies facing similar challenges so they can work together.
Centres also run sessions on resources appropriate to the curriculum.
Centres also serve as community resources for information on aging.
Centres are across Victoria.
Centres are centers.
Centres are eager to help charities improve their level of volunteer involvement.
Centres are mainly responsible for the organism of the energy body.
Centres are open all year unless otherwise noted.
Centres are usually open for about five hours in the middle of the day and provide a midday meal.
Centres are well equipped and have skilled staff.
Centres assess claims for maintenance, maintain caseload, enforce payment and enquiries.
Centres can also provide a focus for the development of high quality local content and services.
Centres can apply online to register as a learndirect Scotland centre.
Centres can request a recital, a workshop, or both.
Centres distribute videos, publications and offer seminars.
Centres exist in all sectors of the economy.
Centres focus on reproductive science.
Centres focus on science.
Centres is also under study.
Centres offer baby milk and vitamins, usually at a lower price than in the shops.
Centres offer services.
Centres pass through middles.
Centres provide bats, balls and gloves.
Centres provide free information to people in person, by telephone, letter or email.
Centres provide information.
Centres remain centres and ends remain ends.
Centres tend to follow one or the other approach.
Centres often employ several hundred operators in vast premises reminiscent of assembly lines.
All centres also feature a host of further ed classes and activities.
All centres boast excellent location and convenient access to parking and amenities.
All centres can screen for more mutations.
All centres deal with exploitation and development of network-based services.
All centres have bicycles for local transport.
All centres have details of participating operators in their area.
All centres have the same high standard of professionalism.
All centres offer a wide variety of courses for all levels of outdoor activity and education.
All centres offer graduate research degrees.
All centres offer sessions during evenings and, in many cases, at weekends.
All centres operate children's activity programmes during the holiday periods.
All centres serve hot and cold meals, snacks and drinks throughout the day.
Every centre offers a friendly, comfortable and supportive learning environment.
Many centres also book tickets for events, car hire, trips and tours.
Many centres also have multicultural programs in which the team speaks several different languages.
Many centres also offer study skills groups, adult groups and mathematics lessons.
Many centres are only cold and impersonal walls and aluminium windows.
Many centres are part of one or more networks.
Many centres have a resource library and offer access to volunteer help and support.
Many centres have office space and boardrooms available for rent, some even on a daily basis.
Many centres have parent and baby groups.
Many centres offer reduced rates for corporate membership.
Many centres run several models either in parallel or in series.
More Centres are in the planning stage.
Most centres are near modern airports with links to international air services.
Most centres are open at weekends, some all week.
Most centres employing selective nonoperative management do so under explicit guidelines.
Most centres focus on reproductive science.
Most centres focus on science.
Most centres have a museum recording unique histories and personalities.
Most centres have laser printers and scanners.
Most centres incorporate a naptime period of one to two hours.
Most centres offer a further telephone number for callers who want to speak to someone personally.
Most Centres offer family support services, including partner's groups.
Most centres offer services.
Most centres pass through middles.
Most centres provide a summary letter of the consultation.
Most centres provide information.
Some centres also carry out wheelchair assessments.
Some centres cater for people with dementia or with a physical disability.
Some centres contain chlorophyll pigment.
Some centres contain genetic information.
Some centres contain green chlorophyll pigment.
Some centres contain green pigment.
Some centres contain information.
Some centres contain pigment.
Some centres even allow youngsters to watch pornographic films.
Some centres even provide such services as free chiropody and hair care for the elderly.
Some centres have bilingual workers.
Some centres have forearm machines which measure the density of the wrist.
Some centres have lists of publications which are available via their home page.
Some centres have obligation.
Some centres have regional economic development bodies to help set up and develop businesses.
Some centres hold a group session where an interpreter is present.
Some centres offer a manuscript assessment service at a reduced rate for their members.
Some centres offer advice.
Some centres offer services to lesbians and gay men.
Some centres perform initial surgery followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy and vice versa.
Some centres report no job losses in pharmacy, although hiring remains fairly static.
Some centres specialise in specific job markets, such as hospitality.
Centrelink customers have to declare any earnings from employment for themselves and their partner.
Centrelink representatives are regularly available on campus.
Centreplex facilities have public phone banks available for use by attendees and visitors.
Centric diatoms are radially symmetrical, pennate diatoms are bilaterally symmetrical.
Centric diatoms are round with radial symmetry and pinnate are elongated.
Centric diatoms have circular, triangular, or pillbox shapes.
Centric diatoms undergo meiosis to form eggs and sperm.
Centric fusions are without phenotypic effect.
Centrifigual force causes the flow to thin on the inner wall and thicken on the outer wall.
Centrifugal chillers are the most widely used.
Centrifugal chillers can have one, two or three stages of compression.
Centrifugal clutches engage or disengage automatically, depending on engine speed.
Centrifugal collectors use cyclonic action to separate dust particles from the gas stream.
Centrifugal compressors are also less efficient than axial compressors.
Centrifugal compressors are oiless.
Centrifugal designs provide high pressure with minimum airflow.
Any centrifugal device offers the distinct advantage of a quick and efficient separation.
Centrifugal effect is the push outward from the center of rotation.
Centrifugal effects tend to throw objects away from spinning bodies.
Centrifugal fans are generally preferred for exhaust systems that handle explosive or hot gases.
Centrifugal fans are quieter and can operate at much higher static pressures than axial flow fans.
Centrifugal fans are usually quieter than axial fans.
Centrifugal fans operate by throwing air away from the fan blade tips.
Centrifugal fibres synapse on dopaminergic interplexiform cells in the teleost retina.
Centrifugal filters can produce a relatively dry salt.
A centrifugal force is a force
Centrifugal force accelerates fluid to ensure chip evacuation.
Centrifugal force acting upward on hot plasma in the loop far exceeds gravity force.
Centrifugal force can transform couplings into dangerous projectiles.
Centrifugal force causes many tractor upsets.
Centrifugal force causes the snow to move off the plow toward the outside of the circle.
Centrifugal force explains that there is another bulge or wave of water just opposite the first.
Centrifugal force has to do with the tendency of a revolving body to fly outward.
Centrifugal force holds the counterweights on the shaft without strain on the bolts.
Centrifugal force holds the originals firmly and evenly against the drum surface.
Centrifugal force holds the vanes against the cavity wall, providing the requisite air-tight seal.
Centrifugal force is a particular example of a fictitious force .
Centrifugal force is an effect of rotation.
Centrifugal force is an outward force that acts upon a mass that rotates about an axis.
Centrifugal force is an outward motion away from the center.
Centrifugal force is often a factor in tractor side overturns.
Centrifugal force is one of the major causes in tractor upsets.
Centrifugal force is one of the major causes of tractor upsets.
Centrifugal force is outward as compared to centripetal force which is inward.
Centrifugal force is small around low-pressure zones because the area is smaller.
Centrifugal force is the force arising in a rotating reference system.
Centrifugal force is the force that wants to get away from the center of the circle.
Centrifugal force is the key.
Centrifugal force is the other major force involved in tractors turning over.
Centrifugal force keeps the vanes snug against the chamber and the other rotating members.
Centrifugal force makes the metal flow though all the passages of the mold.
Centrifugal force moves the weights outward against the tension of the springs.
Centrifugal force prevents the electron from falling into the nucleus of the atom.
Centrifugal force slings the fluid out along the blade leading edges.
Centrifugal force spreads the material out into a thin, even layer.
Centrifugal force tends to keep the tractor moving in a straight line.
Centrifugal force tends to propel things outward.
Centrifugal force tends to throw cowboys outward.
Centrifugal force tries to increase the diameter of the tread.
Centrifugal force tries to keep the tractor in a straight line.
Centrifugal force tries to separate the faces in a rotating seal application.
Centrifugal force varies in proportion to the square of the tractors speed.
Centrifugal forces are forces.
Centrifugal forces are real.
Centrifugal forces flatten the Earth a little.
Centrifugal forces produce even distribution across the surface.
Some centrifugal forces are caused by rotation.
Some centrifugal forces result from rotation.
Centrifugal innervation modulates visual activity of tectal ceels in pigeons.
Centrifugal juicers are fairly common and are generally the least expensive on the market.
Centrifugal juicers introduce oxygen into the juice, creating oxidation.
Centrifugal motion is outward directed.
A centrifugal pump is a pump
Centrifugal pumps are also very limited in the fluid viscosity they can handle.
Centrifugal pumps are good for pumping medium to large volumes of water.
Centrifugal pumps are pumps.
Centrifugal pumps can usually handle up to about five percent by volume of air.
Centrifugal pumps have high flow rates with low suction.
Centrifugal separators can dewater any sludge, from industrial to municipal applications.
Centrifugal spreaders can treat a wide swath when relatively large granules are used.
Centrifugal spreaders cover a wider area faster with fewer missed areas than drop spreaders.
Centrifugation creates a vacuum and volatilizes liquids causing aerosolization.
Centrifugation involves the use of centrifugal force to separate mixtures.
Centrifugation is a process used to separate or concentrate materials suspended in a liquid medium.
Centrifugation is a standard method for concentrating substances in the laboratory.
Centrifugation is a way of creating a gravity gradient.
Centrifugation is also a milder means of extraction, resulting in a finer quality.
Centrifugation is an action
Centrifugation is natural processes.
Centrifugation is separatings.
Centrifugation is the preferred method.
Centrifugation is the process of separation a suspended solid in a liquid by high speed rotation.
Centrifugation is to be done only by the TAs.
Centrifugation When getting deeper down to details, there is a lot to bear in mind and to try out.
Centrifuge cake is transferred into a dryer, where remaining oil and water are desorbed.
Centrifuge plants are compact and so readily concealed.
Centrifuge units are available in both manually cleaned and fully automatic, self-cleaning models.
A centrifuge is apparatus
Centrifuge can be.
Centrifuges are apparatus.
Centrifuges are dangerous unless operated correctly and properly maintained.
Centrifuges are electrical devices.
Centrifuges are laboratory equipment.
Centrifuges are machines.
Centrifuges are the answer to problems with drying beds.
Centrifuges can provide a compact footprint and some types are contained systems.
Centrifuges can separate water at much higher process rates than gravity settling.
Centrifuges can simulate high acceleration conditions.
Centrifuges Check that the chamber is clean and dry before use.
Centrifuges exert a very large shearing force on flocs as they enter the centrifuge bowl.
Centrifuges generally require a high maintenance cost in comparison to membrane based systems.
Centrifuges increase the effect of gravity by spinning the manure at high speeds.
Centrifuges separate the amebocyte blood cells from the useless plasma.
Centrifuges usually remove the uncrystallized syrup.
All centrifuges have stainless steel contact parts.
Centrifuged hematocrits have a built in bias due to the trapped plasma.
A centriole is an organ
Centriole isa organelle.
Centrioles also give rise to basal bodies that direct the formation of cilia and flagella.
Centrioles are a cell organelle which are located in animal cells.
Centrioles are absent from the cells of higher plants.
Centrioles are absent.
Centrioles are also important to the formation of cell structures know as cilia and flagella .
Centrioles are also present in all animal cells, as well as most eukaryotic cells.
Centrioles are at poles.
Centrioles are bundles of microtubules that sit in a grainy region called the centrosome.
Centrioles are constructed of microtubules.
Centrioles are found in animal cells, the cells of most protists also contain centrioles.
Centrioles are found within cell structures known as centrosomes.
Centrioles are like spindles.
Centrioles are located outside of, but near the cell nucleus .
Centrioles are microtubule structures that assist in cell division in animal cells.
Centrioles are necessary for proper division of the cell.
Centrioles are organelles.
Centrioles are present.
Centrioles begin moving to opposite ends of the cell and fibers extend from the centromeres.
Centrioles can interconvert into basal bodies and are used for templating and assembly of flagella.
Centrioles come in pairs, each organized at right angles to the other.
Centrioles come in pairs.
Centrioles control the direction of cilia or flagella movement.
Centrioles create the spindle fiber.
Centrioles divide and organize spindle fibers during mitosis and meiosis.
Centrioles duplicate prior to cell division and function as part of a microtubule organizing center.
Centrioles have (part) corpi.
Centrioles have (part) lobes.
Centrioles help make sure each daughter cell has the correct number of after the cell divides.
Centrioles help organize chromosomes before cell division.
Centrioles help with cell division.
Centrioles migrate to opposite sides of cell.
Centrioles organize the spindle apparatus on which the chromosomes move during mitosis.
Centrioles participate in cell division.
Centrioles play a role in the formation of cilia and flagella.
Centrioles replicate autonomously like mitochondria and peroxisomes.
Centrioles resemble tiny soda straws .
Centrioles resemble tiny soda straws.
Most centrioles are made up of nine sets of microtubule triplets, arranged in a cylinder.
Some centrioles have effects.
Some centrioles perform functions.
Some centrioles perform important functions.
Some centrioles perform several important functions.
Centripetal acceleration acts to hold the motorcycle up and carry it through the turn.
Centripetal acceleration is acceleration
Centripetal acceleration is acceleration.
Centripetal acceleration is also another force that can influence the direction of wind.
Centripetal acceleration is the third force that can act on moving air.
A centripetal force is a force
Centripetal force acts in other ways as well.
Centripetal force acts perpendicular to the path when an object moves in a circle.
Centripetal force acts toward the center curvature of the path.
Centripetal force allows an object to maintain circular motion.
Centripetal force is an inwardly directed force that causes an object to move in a circular path.
Centripetal force is another name for the net force in situations involving circular motion.
Centripetal force is the force that causes a mass to travel in an arc or circular orbit.
Centripetal force is the force that causes an object to change direction.
Centripetal force is the force that compels a body to move in a circular path.
Centripetal force is the force that pulls objects away for the center of rotation.
Centripetal force moves inward with everything directed toward the center.
Centripetal force pulls the rope loop toward the center of rotation and maintains the loop's shape.
Centripetal force relates to warmth in a family and centrifugal relates to freedom or autonomy.
Centripetal forces are forces.
Centripetal forces cause centripetal accelerations.
Centripetal forces require for circular motion.
Centripetal forces require for motion.
Centripetal forces tend to make the paper rigid, hence hard enough to cut through wood.
Most centripetal forces require for circular motion.
Most centripetal forces require for motion.
A centrism is ideology
Centrism is a peculiarism, then, with a fluid identity.
Centrism is nowhere.
Centrism is unprincipled.
Centrist scholars ought to get together to communicate through the media.
Many centrist voters have little loyalty to the political parties.
Centrist words are nothing, though, without centrist deeds.
A centrist is an adult
Centrists are adults.
Centrists are people.
Centrists can do radical things too, when necessary.
Centrists know that change is often necessary to be more faithful to the mission of the church.
Many centrists feel that government serves as a check on excessive liberty.
Many centrists feel that the government serves as a check on excessive liberty.
A centroid is a center
Centroids are points inside a polygon area, usually the center.
Centrolecithal eggs are also meroblastic, but they cleave superficially.
A centromere is a structure
Centromere isa body part.
Centromeres allow each pair of chromosomes to be pulled to either side of a cell before it divides.
Centromeres are chromatin.
Centromeres are critical for segregation.
Centromeres are crucial to segregation of the daughter chromatids during mitosis.
Centromeres are difficult to decipher because they contain highly repetitive sequences.
Centromeres are part of chromosomes.
Centromeres are pivotal structures near the center of each chromosome.
Centromeres are structures.
Centromeres are the attachment points of kinetochores .
Centromeres attach to fibers of spindle.
Centromeres divide and sister chromatids migrate separately to each pole.
Centromeres divide and sister chromatids move to opposite poles of the cell.
Centromeres divide, freeing sister chromatids.
Centromeres have (part) corpi.
Centromeres help to keep chromosomes properly aligned during the complex process of cell division.
Centromeres hold sister chromatids together and provide attachment sites for microtubules.
Some centromeres are part of autosomes.
Some centromeres are part of chromosomes.
Some centromeres are part of nuclei.
Some centromeres connect arms.
Some centromeres connect short arms.
Centromeric regions are shown by dark blue dashed lines.
A centrosome is cytoplasm
Centrosomes also regulate the cell division cycle.
Centrosomes are cytoplasm.
Centrosomes are organelles which serve as the main site for microtubule organization.
Centrosomes are organelles.
Centrosomes are the primary site of nucleation of microtubules in animal cells.
Centrosomes are white or magenta spheres.
Centrosomes are white or magenta.
Centrosomes begin to migrate to opposite poles.
Centrosomes begin to move away from each other.
Centrosomes consist of a pair of centrioles and are found near the nuclear envelope in animal cells.
Centrosomes help organize microtubules to form mitotic spindle poles.
Centrosomes move apart.
Centrosomes move away from the nucleus in opposite directions, leaving behind a spindle apparatus .
Centrosomes move to opposite ends of the cell.
Centrosomes move toward ends.
Centrosomes play a role in spindle assembly by nucleating and organizing the spindle microtubules.
A centurion is a warrior
Centurion also hire out some body Amour for assignments.
Centurion also offers the use of two vessels for diving, filming or safety use.
Centurion forms the Southern part of greater Pretoria, South Africa.
Centurion is halfway between Johannesburg and Pretoria.
Centurion reinforces our position at the premium end of the consumer card market.
Centurions are metal robots with armor.
Centurions are one of the most affordable upper-end ski boats.
Centurions are warriors.
Centurions fight and work .
Centurions fight and work.
Centurions tend to think of themselves as head coaches.
Century astronomers realize results.
Century City is a particularly vivid case in point.
Century City is an ideal spot to work and play.
Century City is here for discussion.
Century City is, by no means, all work and no play.
Centuries of love have carried through, now is our time to be one.
Centuries of progress seem doomed.
Century paleontologists consider animals.
A century plant is a tracheophyte
Century plants tolerate drought and adverse conditions.
Century rides are fun again.
Century Village is, in many ways, a microcosm of what happened in the rest of Palm Beach County.
A century is a period
Centuries ago ronin, that is masterless samurai, asked permission to start a religious order.
Centuries are crude numbers.
Centuries are dates.
Centuries are just full of horrible examples of murders.
Centuries are part of millenniums.
Centuries are time periods.
Centuries are tougher to brandmark.
Centuries are years.
Centuries change like that.
Centuries Click on any thumbnail to view a full-sized version of that image.
Centuries have (part) decades.
Centuries have (part) years.
Centuries inevitably divide into groups of riders.
Centuries mean nothing to a well-made book.
Centuries Now let's look at centuries.
Centuries pass however and greed begins to set in.
Centuries pass, angels come and go, but the circle remains intact.
Centuries pile up, one upon another.
Centuries work in exactly the same way.
Century applies several security measures to ensure privacy and protection.
Century atlases and other sources.
Century can provide extensive references for the success of our program.
Century can sell non-FFL firearms, ammunition, and accessories directly to consumers.
Century consider the problem to be a low risk hazard.
Century does a line of optical converters for the more compact cameras too.
Century expects certification in the third quarter of the year.
Century is a well known brand, but even they make mistakes.
Century is against a bathroom or advance wolverines jersey.
Century is also responsible for faulty infant car seats and carriers.
Century is in the business of selling, among other things, ceramic tile.
Century is very disturbing.
Century isa period.
Century learn along either newt after gain callaway chipper.
Century learn along either newt after gain jacksonville jaguars watch.
Century learn along either newt after gain reebok cleats.
Century learn along either newt after gain snowboard clothing.
Century learn along either newt after gain wood tennis rackets.
Century makes traditional fortification walls obsolete.
Century misapprehends the nature of the tort with which it is charged.
Century offers some very pleasant surprises.
Century onwards is cylindrical or D-shaped.
Century places a strong emphasis on good daily attendance.
Century prides itself on the talents and successes of our employees.
Century reserves the right to transfer ownership of such loans or lines to the purchaser.
Century responds quickly to changing customer needs including formulation changes and new products.
Century suggest about an capital nor describes chrysler laser.
Century works as a partner with for-profit and nonprofit developers and sponsors.
All Centurys have the same engine.
Every century begins in hope.
Every century has it s monsters.
Every century is a great century for music.
Every century presents a different kind of civilization which disappears as the century ends.
Many centuries are required to produce a language capable of expressing complex ideas.
Many centuries pass before the seed-promise becomes more explicit.
Some centuries see explosions.
CEOS images store vast quantities of data in their .L files.
CEOS members provide many hours of volunteer service to community groups.
Ceperley playground has an all purpose field.
Cephalic delivery is safer for the mother and foetus.
Cephalic lymphs are more involved.
Cephalic presentation is by far the most common.
Cephalocaudal trend means that growth occurs from head to tail.
A cephalochordate is a chordate
Cephalochordates are animals.
Cephalochordates are chordates.
Cephalochordates are feeble swimmers with fishlike motions.
Cephalochordates are lancelots, and they are similar to fish.
Cephalochordates are the next closest relative to the vertebrates, the vertebrate sister group .
Cephalochordates live in shallow marine or brackish water all over the world.
Cephalopod eyes form images.
Cephalopod eyes sit in sockets.
Most cephalopod eyes form images.
Most cephalopod eyes sit in sockets.
Cephalopod molluscs retain shells.
A cephalopod is a shellfish
Cephalopod means head-footed.
Cephalopod remains from the stomachs of sperm whales caught in the Tasman Sea.
Cephalopods adapt the mollus- can body plan to an active way of life.
Cephalopods also display a nocturnal feeding activity.
Cephalopods also have a beak, very similar to that of a parrot, used to help bite into prey.
Cephalopods also have a parrot-like beak which is used in biting into prey.
Cephalopods also have anatomy very different from our own.
Cephalopods also squirt dark ink to hide their escape.
Cephalopods also use their tentacles to move and help maintain their velocity.
Cephalopods are a class of marine mollusks.
Cephalopods are a class of mollusk that includes squid, nautilus and octopus.
Cephalopods are a class of mollusks, a phylum that also includes snails, chitons, clams and slugs.
Cephalopods are active necto-benthic carnivores.
Cephalopods are agile carnivores.
Cephalopods are all carnivorous.
Cephalopods are all invertebrates and are closely related to other molluscs like slugs and snails.
Cephalopods are animals.
Cephalopods are benthic or pelagic, and entirely marine.
Cephalopods are carnivores that live only in marine habitats.
Cephalopods are dioecious.
Cephalopods are especially impressive for their advanced brains and sophisticated eyes.
Cephalopods are exclusively marine animals.
Cephalopods are found in all the oceans of the world and at all pelagic levels .
Cephalopods are found in all the oceans of the world and at all pelagic levels.
Cephalopods are found throughout the world oceans at all depths.
Cephalopods are generally very rare fossils within the chert gravels.
Cephalopods are gonochoric which means their sexes are separate.
Cephalopods are intelligent and highly visual.
Cephalopods are marine and predaceous.
Cephalopods are marine animals and it can be found in oceans all around the world.
Cephalopods are marine organisms.
Cephalopods are marine predators that use beaklike jaws and a radula to crush or rip prey apart.
Cephalopods are marine predators, feeding on fish, crustaceans, and other molluscs.
Cephalopods are molluscs.
Cephalopods are mollusks.
Cephalopods are muscular animals, able to subdue struggling prey.
Cephalopods are of major importance in the diets of many fishes and marine mammals.
Cephalopods are predators and use their tentacles to capture and manipulate prey.
Cephalopods are so adept at using their tentacles, they can function independently.
Cephalopods are the aliens on Earth.
Cephalopods are the glitziest of the invertebrates.
Cephalopods are the most active and intelligent of the mollusks.
Cephalopods are the most active of all the molluscs and can even rival the fish for swimming speeds.
Cephalopods are the most advanced class of the mulluskes.
Cephalopods are the most highly evolved of all molluscs.
Cephalopods are the most intellectual invertebrates.
Cephalopods are the most intelligent invertebrates and have good senses and large brains .
Cephalopods are the most intelligent invertebrates and have good senses and large brains.
Cephalopods are the most intelligent non-vertebrate animals known to exist.
Cephalopods are the most intelligent of all invertebrates.
Cephalopods are the most intelligent, most mobile, and the largest of all molluscs.
Cephalopods are the only mollusks with a closed circulatory system with three hearts.
Cephalopods are the onlymollusks that have a closed circulatory system.
Cephalopods are unique among mollusks in having a closed circulatory system.
Cephalopods are water-breathers, but other mollusks, including snails and slugs, exist on dry land.
Cephalopods are worldwide in distribution and are found in all depths of the ocean.
Cephalopods breathe using gills.
Cephalopods can be cannibalistic especially when they are underfed.
Cephalopods even have a large brain with ganglia located inside of a cranium.
Cephalopods have a beak-like structure that they use to feed.
Cephalopods have a closed circulation while gastropods have an open circulation.
Cephalopods have a closed circulatory system, a complex brain, and well-developed sense organs.
Cephalopods have a more developed nervous system than other mollusks.
Cephalopods have an amazing ability to change color very rapidly.
Cephalopods have an endoskeleton, if any, and octopuses have no skeleton at all.
Cephalopods have long, flexible arms, equipped in most cases with suckers for prey capture.
Cephalopods have tentacles attached to the head, and ink sacs, which serve to evade predators.
Cephalopods have the most advanced nervous systems of all invertebrates.
Cephalopods have the most complex brain of any invertebrate.
Cephalopods have two kidneys and three hearts, which pump blue blood.
Cephalopods have unique abilities which most mollusks lack.
Cephalopods have very short lives.
Cephalopods lack feet and their shells are chambered.
Cephalopods lack larvae, and the young develop from large, yolk-filled eggs.
Cephalopods live in salt water.
Cephalopods move in part by jet propulsion.
Cephalopods range in size from only a few grams to hundreds of kilograms.
Cephalopods show some advances evolutionary adaptations.
Cephalopods swim by forcing water out of the mantle cavity through the siphon.
Cephalopods typically guard and clean their egg masses.
Cephalopods use a strong beak to eat other animals that they catch with their tentacles .
Cephalopods use jet propulsion for locomotion.
All cephalopods are carnivores that have to digest large prey.
All cephalopods are carnivores.
All cephalopods are carnivorous and possess a radula and powerful beaks.
All cephalopods are carnivorous.
All cephalopods are much better swimmers than any other species of mollusk.
All cephalopods have flexible tentacles.
All cephalopods have internal shells that have chambers connected by siphuncle.
All cephalopods swim by jet propulsion, however squid are the most efficient at it.
All cephalopods swim by rapidly expelling water from their mantle cavity.
Many cephalopods are good mothers and stay with their eggs until they hatch.
Many cephalopods are short lived and only reproduce once.
Many cephalopods only reproduce once and die.
Many cephalopods rely on their acute vision to detect predators as well as locate prey.
Many cephalopods use venomous secretions to speed up th e death of their prey.
Most cephalopod are semelparous, they die after they lay their eggs.
Most cephalopods also have a radula which consists of several rows of teeth.
Most cephalopods are semelparous, reproducing in one large effort at the end of the life-cycle.
Most cephalopods can change their colour to blend with their surroundings.
Most cephalopods have beaks, tentacles and jaws and are active predators.
Most cephalopods have separate sexes and fertilization is internal.
Some cephalopods can adjust their body shape to move through the water more easily .
Some cephalopods can adjust their body shape to move through the water more easily.
Some cephalopods can move by crawling along the ocean floor or sea bed with their arms.
Some cephalopods exhibit extraordinary camouflage.
Cephalosporin is an antibiotic drug
Cephalosporin is similar to penicillin.
Cephalosporins act by disrupting the bacterial cell wall.
Cephalosporins also inhibit the synthesis of cell walls as penicillin does.
Cephalosporins are antibiotics active against a wide range of bacteria.
Cephalosporins are used to treat athlete's foot.
Cephalosporins have an advantage over penicillin's as they are stable to b lactamases.
Cephalosporins have drawbacks in cost, administration frequency or adverse effect profile.
A cephalothin is an antibiotic drug
Cephalothin is a broad spectrum antibiotic for parenteral administration.
CERA also provides opportunities for professional development and networking.
Cera feels new relationships and new experiences are stimulated over the two days.
Cera is extremely affectionate.
Cera is the Goddess of the Earth, the Harvest, and of Healing.
Cera is two years old.
CERA offers pre-employment substance abuse screens, including urine tests and behavioral testing.
CERA saves money for employees and employers by reducing taxable income.
Ceramic angel ornaments available in several poses and complexions.
Ceramic apertures ensure robust performance in demanding applications.
Ceramic articles are capable of transferring lead and cadmium.
Most ceramic artists make molds from which to reproduce a form.
Ceramic balls are free of cuts, scratches, scuffs,and other breaks in surface continuity.
Ceramic bearings are yet a third way to address the problem of bearing currents.
Ceramic bearings have the normal steel balls replaced by white ceramic balls.
Ceramic bells are handmade personages in stylized historical dresses and fantastical, jolly gnomes.
Ceramic blades are also ideal in applications where high speed, rapid cut processes are required.
Ceramic blades are an ideal cutting product for applications that involve high heat levels.
Ceramic blades are easy to care for.
Ceramic blades can chip and break easier than steel blades if they are abused.
Ceramic blanket has it's draw backs too.
Ceramic board is single sided.
Ceramic bowl is dishwasher safe.
Ceramic bowls are very durable and longlasting.
Some ceramic bowls come with a matching dog treat canister.
Ceramic brackets are translucent.
Some ceramic breadboards are also conductive, and some plastic breadboards are flammable.
Ceramic bushings insulate the threaded stud terminal from the case.
Ceramic classes are available for children and adults.
Ceramic coating is the best way of treating headers to guard against high-temperature discoloration.
Ceramic coatings find application in engine components, cutting tools, and industrial wear parts.
Ceramic coffee are available too.
Ceramic colors mean they had to be fired on.
Most ceramic colors sit on the surface of the clay.
Ceramic components provide resistance to temperature extremes, mechanical wear, and corrosion.
Ceramic cones are a worthwhile consideration.
Ceramic connections provide low signal loss, high reliability, and long life.
Ceramic containers are also a good choice, but a large one is very heavy.
Ceramic containers are dark and dry.
Ceramic containers seem to be the favorite among indoor gardeners.
All ceramic crowns are the state of the art looking crowns for the front teeth.
Ceramic decoration is similarly diverse.
Ceramic dielectric are key materials in mobile and satellite communications systems.
Ceramic diffusers contain a votive candle that gently vaporizes essential oils dropped onto water.
Ceramic discs are popular because of their ease of use and reliability.
Ceramic dish offers over a quart of fresh, bubbling water.
Ceramic dishes are just one potential source of lead.
Ceramic dishes are sturdy, chew-resistant, and difficult to overturn.
Some ceramic dishes contain lead.
Ceramic ducks are very popular as decoration.
Ceramic elements are incredibly adaptable to even the most unusual applications.
Ceramic engineers are experts in the performance, specification, and manufacture of ceramics.
Ceramic engineers work with nonmetallic materials such as glass, clay and fiberglass.
Ceramic fabrication processes from the initial green body fabrication through the firing state.
Ceramic fibers is a possible carcinogen.
Some ceramic fiber has conductivity.
Some ceramic fiber has glass transition temperature.
Some ceramic fiber has lower conductivity.
Some ceramic fiber has lower thermal conductivity.
Some ceramic fiber has temperature.
Some ceramic fiber has thermal conductivity.
Ceramic fibre logs simply last longer and look better.
Ceramic filters are the best way to reduce turbidity in drinking water supplies.
Ceramic filters have a raw pottery appearance.
Ceramic foam has a very big surface.
Ceramic generators are ideal for wood, plastic, and other low temperature substrates.
Ceramic grades run at high speeds and feeds on a variety of work piece materials.
Ceramic heat bulbs emit light.
Ceramic insulators are available as single and multihole tubes or as beads.
Ceramic insulators have a wide range of electrical properties.
Some ceramic insulators have resistance.
Ceramic knives stay sharper longer and have better durability than metal.
Ceramic logs add to the authentic look of the gas fires while radiating heat into the room.
Ceramic magnets give clear, sparkling highs without brittleness.
Ceramic magnets have a slightly harder edge, and are favoured by metal players.
Ceramic materials are inorganic compounds, usually oxides, nitrides, or carbides.
Ceramic materials are very strong under compression but very weak under tension.
Ceramic materials contain bonds.
Ceramic materials contain covalent bonds.
Ceramic materials contain pigment.
Ceramic materials have a wide range of electrical properties.
Ceramic materials have to be granulated prior to pressing.
Ceramic materials provide an alternative when choosing a tooth-colored restoration.
Many ceramic materials are hard, porous, and brittle.
Many ceramic materials contain both ionic and covalent bonding.
Many ceramic materials contain more than one element.
Most ceramic materials are almost entirely immune to corrosion.
Most ceramic materials contain bonds.
Most ceramic materials contain covalent bonds.
Most ceramic materials contain pigment.
Some ceramic materials have extremely high dielectric strengths.
Some ceramic materials have high strength.
Some ceramic materials have ranges.
Some ceramic materials have strength.
Ceramic molds are less likely to dissolve during use than gypsum plaster molds.
Ceramic packaging helps dissipate heat.
Ceramic pieces are extra.
All ceramic pieces are dishwasher and microwave safe.
Ceramic planters explore various human countenances and expressions.
All ceramic plaques are suitable for exterior use.
Ceramic plates are much less susceptible to damage.
All ceramic plugs are alike.
Ceramic pots are available in a wide variety of styles and colors from several sources.
Ceramic pots are rare as they are too expensive for the locals to buy.
Ceramic pots tend to be more expensive and are often quite heavy compared to plastic.
Ceramic powders are a necessary ingredient for most advanced ceramics.
All ceramic processes are available for exploration.
Ceramic products are obviously of great benefit and importance to mankind.
Ceramic products have a number of outstanding properties which determine their usefulness.
Most ceramic products can withstand acids, gases, salts, water, and high temperatures.
Ceramic production improves.
Ceramic rims show no signs of wear.
Ceramic scrapers remove the cake from the disc.
Ceramic showers use solar heaters, and guests are provided with biodegradable soaps.
Ceramic solids are composed of inorganic compounds, usually oxides of chemical elements.
Ceramic specimens are prepared under two different machining environments, dry and submersion.
Ceramic spheres roll over one another easily making application a breeze.
Ceramic stains are also frits since they are melted and reground carbonates and oxides.
Ceramic statue hangs on a wall or sits on a desk.
Ceramic stones are great for final polish.
Ceramic styles are a visual way for groups to identify and distinguish themselves.
Ceramic substrates blanket coated with resistor material and metal are also available.
Ceramic tableware is considered the largest source of dietary lead today.
Ceramic technology permits a move beneath the shape of the rim or the decoration of the surface.
Ceramic tile can be cold if there is cold air beneath it.
Ceramic tile covers the table top and the traditional chairs have plastic cushions.
Ceramic tile is a brittle material.
Ceramic tile is a popular material requested by home owners.
Ceramic tile is a versatile material, which works well in all kinds of situations in a home.
Ceramic tile is best in a neutral color.
Ceramic tile is bulletproof.
Ceramic tile is clay that's been hardened by fire.
Ceramic tile is complete in toilet rooms.
Ceramic tile is easy to clean and is virtually stain proof.
Ceramic tile is extremely heavy and difficult to transport.
Ceramic tile is made from clay, marble, slate, glass, or flint.
Ceramic tile is the least outgassing of all man-made materials.
Ceramic tile is the most versatile surface material in the bathroom.
Ceramic tile is the perfect alternative.
Ceramic tile is used extensively throughout the houses, and the garages are finished.
Ceramic tile is used throughout including the porch.
Ceramic tile offers a variety of shapes, colors and patterns.
Ceramic tile offers outstanding durability and maintainability.
Ceramic tile performs poorly outside.
Ceramic tile provides a good example.
Ceramic tile reflects the room temperature and holds on to that temperature for a long time.
Ceramic tile shows up on kitchen and bathroom counters.
Ceramic tiles add quite a nice finishing flair to lobbies, signposts and swimming pools.
Ceramic tiles allow one to design unique configurations.
Ceramic tiles are durable and waterproof and come in a variety of colors, shapes, and textures.
Ceramic tiles are even better.
Ceramic tiles are extremely durable.
Ceramic tiles are tiles.
Ceramic tiles constitute the major part of exports.
Ceramic tiles cover the space shuttle as well as our kitchen floors.
Ceramic tiles cover the walls at the shower and separate whirlpool.
Ceramic tiles make a perfect covering for bathroom and kitchen floors and walls.
Ceramic tiles make the house look ordinary.
All ceramic tiles are A grade.
Most ceramic tiles have color that just sits on the surface.
Some ceramic tiles require maintenance.
Ceramic tools are easy to make in any shape.
Ceramic tools can even cut steel, for example.
Ceramic toys are more difficult to be chewed and ingested.
Ceramic valves are currently twice as expensive as their steel counterparts.
Ceramic is art.
Ceramic is instrumentation
Ceramic is made of clay.
Ceramics also have the ability to create high-frequency vibrations.
Ceramics also offer the correct fit and longevity.
Ceramics also remain stable over long time periods.
Ceramics are a class of materials which exhibit a wide range of potentially useful properties.
Ceramics are a different thing.
Ceramics are a serious contaminant for the glass container plants which take our recycled glass.
Ceramics are a visiting card of Latvia.
Ceramics are almost always present in the kitchens of all the village houses and chiclero camps.
Ceramics are also extremely hard, resisting wear and abrasion.
Ceramics are also varied.
Ceramics are another promising material type.
Ceramics are as soft as clay and as hard as stone and concrete .
Ceramics are as soft as clay and as hard as stone and concrete.
Ceramics are bold, colorful, contemporary and intriguing.
Ceramics are brittle, strong and non-conducting materials.
Ceramics are extremely strong, showing considerable stiffness under compression and bending.
Ceramics are hard and strong, but brittle.
Ceramics are hard but lightweight, with good heat, wear and corrosion resistance.
Ceramics are hard, brittle materials which are good electrical and heat insulators.
Ceramics are in cyberspace to stay.
Ceramics are inherently bioinert and they possess excellent hardness and strength to failure.
Ceramics are materials formed by heating and cooling.
Ceramics are matte, semi-gloss, or gloss finish.
Ceramics are of two basic types.
Ceramics are probably best known as electrical insulators.
Ceramics are resistant to more chemicals, but are prone to breakage.
Ceramics are strong, hard, and durable.
Ceramics are the eyes of cathedrals.
Ceramics are the hardest materials available, but lack ductility and are brittle.
Ceramics are the strength of the Asian collection.
Ceramics are valued for their mechanical properties, including strength, durability, and hardness.
Ceramics are very efficient, holding heat and using very little charcoal.
Ceramics are very high on the list.
Ceramics burst when fired without proper drying time.
Ceramics can be a demanding discipline.
Ceramics can be excellent insulators, semiconductors, superconductors, and magnets.
Ceramics can be hard yet lightweight, with the ability to be heat, wear, and corrosion resistant.
Ceramics can be the perfect solution for home decorating, organizing, gift giving and entertaining.
Ceramics Check out few samples of traditional belarusian clothing.
Ceramics Click on thumbnail image to access artifact information page and full size image.
Ceramics come from the soil of the earth and the hands of crafty potters.
Ceramics come in a tremendous number of sizes, patterns, and colors.
Ceramics conjure up images of coffee mugs and bathroom tiles.
Ceramics crack at the slightest jarring.
Ceramics do have their advantages, often being more durable and easy to maintain.
Ceramics document the history and symbolism of a civilization.
Ceramics ductile at low temperatures.
Ceramics explores clay as an art medium.
Ceramics Find links to ceramic artists, companies, museums and more.
Ceramics generally have strong bonds and light atoms.
Ceramics have many uses, including crockery and furnace linings.
Ceramics have superior mechanical, electrical, and thermal properties ideal for quality components.
Ceramics help decrease pollution, capture toxic materials and encapsulate nuclear waste.
Ceramics is a fun, easy hobby for the entire family.
Ceramics is a lot more than the process of baking shaped clay.
Ceramics is a science of solids.
Ceramics is an extensive field and the sharing of any hints is encouraged.
Ceramics is available and a computer lab is planned.
Ceramics is fun to look at.
Ceramics is porcelain and acrylic restorations.
Ceramics Learn a new hobby.
Ceramics Learn more about the area of Ceramics.
Ceramics made by our members are available for purchase.
Ceramics make up one of three large classes of solid materials.
Ceramics play an important role in addressing various environmental needs.
Ceramics provides sources from thousands of periodicals and conference proceedings.
Ceramics range from palm tree plates to endearing fish mugs with stems.
Ceramics represents still another area of particular interest in Japan.
Ceramics reviews, ceramics articles, ceramics competitions. .
Ceramics survive well in most types of soil, whether arid or waterlogged.
Ceramics tend to last longer than other types of cartridges but can cost a lot more when replacing.
Ceramics vary in electrical properties from excellent insulators to superconductors.
All ceramics are available for sale.
All ceramics are patiently hand painted by skilled artists.
All ceramics crack when cold shocked by a rapid change in temperature.
Many ceramics are good electrical and thermal insulators.
Many ceramics glazes also contain toxic metals such as lead and chromium.
Most ceramics are made up of two or more elements.
Most ceramics resist heat and chemicals.
Some ceramics are clear, others are strong.
Some ceramics even feature drug-delivery capability.
Some ceramics have the ability to form solid solutions.
Some ceramics have the unusual property of piezoelectricity, or pressure electricity.
A ceramicist is an artisan
Ceramicists are artists who work with clay.
Ceramicists work outside the crafts tradition.
A ceramist is an artisan
Many ceramists use only solid colors but Marina creates Art on Ceramics.
Ceratopsian dinosaurs are plant-eating dinosaurs.
Ceratopsians are exceedingly common in museums as a result of their abundance and completeness.
Cerbrospinal fluid fills the syrinx.
Cercaria emerge from snail in the water and penetrate the skin of the human.
Cercarial dermatitis occurs on the exposed skin outside of close-fitting garments.
Cercarial dermatitis occurs worldwide with cases reported from every continent except Antarctica.
A cere is a beak
Ceres appears to be wet and have less distinct features.
Ceres are an adaptation to a meat-eating diet.
Ceres are beaks.
Ceres are planets.
Ceres can come through in a very co-dependent fashion, masking manipulation as love and concern.
Ceres Enhances the ability to nurture the self and others.
Ceres holds a cornucopia filled with harvested produce.
Ceres is a dark story.
Ceres is a personal content management assistant.
Ceres is a sisterhood and the family away from home.
Ceres is a wonderful tool for making Web logs and news sites.
Ceres is a working plantation home with period furnishings.
Ceres is also perfect for kids and active athletic adults.
Ceres is an argirculturally based fraternity.
Ceres is in the asteroid belt , while the others are in the trans-Neptune region .
Ceres is in the asteroid belt, while the others are in the trans-Neptune region.
Ceres is massive enough to give it a nearly spherical, equilibrium shape.
Ceres is one of the few asteroids that is roughly circular in shape.
Ceres is overexposed, and the galaxy is underexposed.
Ceres is the centre of the South African fruit and fruit juice production.
Ceres is the earliest-known and smallest of the current category of dwarf planets.
Ceres is the largest known asteroid and is a little more than one quarter the size of our moon.
Ceres is the largest known minor planet.
Ceres is the largest object in the asteroid belt.
Ceres is the nurturing side of Virgo with a strong maternal instinct.
Ceres is the size of Texas.
Ceres is thought to be a complex, differentiated body harboring quite a bit of water.
Ceres is very powerful and can do large amounts of damage.
Ceres leans on cotton bale.
Ceres manufactures cubic zirconia crystal that is exported for jewelry applications.
Ceres reflects deep caring.
Ceres serves classic seafood and continental food.
Cereal crops are a good model to use because yield components are easy to measure.
Cereal crops are already under stress.
Cereal crops are excellent rotational crop choices.
Cereal crops are mostly in the filling stages with early barley beginning to turn colour.
Cereal crops are much more forgiving than non-cereals.
Cereal crops can withstand a certain amount of seedling blight.
Cereal crops continue to progress, with spring barley headed in most fields.
Cereal crops show characteristics 'V' shaped yellowing at the tip of lower leaves.
All cereal crops are members of the grass family.
Cereal grain is fruit.
Cereal grain is solid food.
Cereal grains are a rather poor source of riboflavin.
Cereal grains are an excellent source of complex carbohydrates, vitamins, minerals and fiber.
Cereal grains are an important part of our food supply.
Cereal grains are another type of ingredient used in birdseed compositions.
Cereal grains are naturally low-fat as well as inexpensive.
Cereal grains are the most important food in the world.
Cereal grains can cause celiac disease.
Cereal grains contain a substantial amount of starch, a carbohydrate that provides dietary energy.
Cereal grains grow vigorously and can provide quick ground cover even when the weather is cool.
Cereal grains provide more than one half of the total calories consumed by man.
Cereal grains provide the primary energy source for swine diets.
Cereal grains seem to have a simultaneous influence on vitamin D and Ca metabolism.
Every cereal grain is actually the seed of a type of giant grass.
Most cereal grains are deficient in the essential amino acids lysine and tryptophan.
Cereal grass is grass
Cereal grasses can tolerate that cold.
Cereal leaf beetles cause crop damage.
Cereal leaf beetles cause damage.
Cereal leaf beetles have ranges.
Cereal leaf beetles have wide ranges.
Cereal rye is an excellent choice as a late-sown cover crop.
Cereal rye is common.
Cereal rye is tough and withstands sandblasting much better then other cereals.
Cereal rye produces allelochemicals which suppress weeds.
Cereal rye produces several compounds that inhibit crops and weeds.
A cereal is breakfast food
Cereal isa grass.
Cereal rusts, vol.
Cereals also offer more fiber and other health-protective nutrients than do engineered foods.
Cereals appear highly protective against cancers of the colon, breast, endometrium and prostate.
Cereals are a great source of energy, and they're light.
Cereals are a great way to start anyone's morning.
Cereals are actually grasses, whose seeds or grains can be cultivated for food.
Cereals are also very popular.
Cereals are always available, as is bread for toasting and orange juice and milk.
Cereals are always available, as is bread for toasting, and orange juice and milk.
Cereals are always available.
Cereals are available upon request.
Cereals are breakfast food.
Cereals are cereals.
Cereals are concrete.
Cereals are currently a cheap feed .
Cereals are dinner.
Cereals are food.
Cereals are grass.
Cereals are important crops.
Cereals are in the dining room.
Cereals are located in boxs.
Cereals are located in cabinets.
Cereals are located in cupboards.
Cereals are located in fridges.
Cereals are located in pantries.
Cereals are located in shelfs.
Cereals are often fortified.
Cereals are ok too.
Cereals are one of the best sources of folic acid.
Cereals are plants.
Cereals are quite sensitive to manganese deficiency, but are very insensitive to iron deficiency.
Cereals are relatively cheap and can be purchased anywhere.
Cereals are relatively easy to chop and spread.
Cereals are seasonal, either warm or cold season.
Cereals are staple products for coping with a range of famines and structural food shortages.
Cereals are the major component of livestock concentrate feed.
Cereals are the most important crops produced in Bulgaria.
Cereals are typically the first foods given to a baby because they contain lots of iron.
Cereals are usually the first food given, followed by vegetables, fruits and then meats.
Cereals contain fibre.
Cereals contain salt.
Cereals contain wheat.
Cereals continue to be just as important today as in the past.
Cereals create the base of dry commercial foods and make up over half of the foods weight.
Cereals differ in taste, color, texture, shape and obviously, nutritional quality.
Cereals exclude beer.
Cereals get sugar.
Cereals grow here very well.
Cereals grown after imidazoline tolerant canola are a definite risk.
Cereals have (part) cell membranes.
Cereals have (part) cells.
Cereals have (part) corpi.
Cereals have (part) cytoplasm.
Cereals have (part) nuclei.
Cereals have (part) plasma membranes.
Cereals have (part) sections.
Cereals have (part) vacuoles.
Cereals have (part) vegetables.
Cereals have calories.
Cereals have low levels of proteins with a poor amino acid balance.
Cereals have vitamins.
Cereals Look for the inexpensive generic brands like puffed wheat and rice and uncooked rolled oats.
Cereals made from corn are one of the top five allergy causing foods.
Cereals make breakfasts.
Cereals packaged in individual servings cost much more than larger sizes.
Cereals prefer cool weather with adequate moisture.
Cereals provide a quick, easy and low-fat source of vitamins, minerals and fiber.
Cereals provide healthy snacks.
Cereals provide more persistent residue and so are essential in rotation with pulses and oilseeds.
Cereals provide snacks.
Cereals represent the main source of energy in the Egyptian diet.
Cereals require different conditions to grow.
Cereals targeted to children are high in sugar.
Cereals vary considerably in their densities and listed serving sizes.
Cereals always have coupon deals.
All cereals benefit from good ventilation in a dry area.
All cereals keep best in airtight containers that keep out moisture, dust and insects.
All cereals listed in the ho'adamah and shehakol sections require a borei nefashos afterwards.
Many cereals are now fortified with iron.
Many cereals offer little toys or other things that can be used for birthday parties or small gifts.
Most cereals are fresh for one year after they are manufactured.
Most cereals are steam cooked in large circular cookers.
Most cereals contain fibre.
Most cereals contain huge amounts of sugar.
Most cereals contain salt.
Most cereals contain wheat.
Most cereals get sugar.
Most cereals have calories.
Most cereals have only one to five grams, but the less-processed cereals and breads have much more.
Most cereals have vitamins.
Most cereals make breakfasts.
Most cereals produce maximum growth during mid-winter or early spring.
Most cereals provide healthy snacks.
Most cereals provide snacks.
Some cereals actually have puzzles or games attached to the box.
Some cereals are also fortified with folic acid.
Some cereals are also fortified.
Some cereals are high in sodium.
Some cereals come from families.
Some cereals contain cholesterol.
Some cereals contain gum.
Some cereals contain marshmallows.
Some cereals contain zinc.
Some cereals mix with water.
Some cereals offer goodness.
Some cereals offer true goodness.
Some cereals taste like they contain actual chunks of tree bark.
Cerebal malaria is a problem for humans.
Cerebellar abnormalities are far from rare in people with developmental disorders.
Cerebellar diseases have distinct symptoms, which include hypotonia, ataxia, and action tremor.
Cerebellar disorders cause abnormalities in the range, rate, and force of movement.
Cerebellar dysfunction is a good possibility.
Cerebellar exam is normal except for the noted mild ataxia.
Cerebellar exam is normal.
Cerebellar function is assessed by various tests of coordination, dexterity and balance.
Cerebellar function is grossly intact.
Cerebellar function is intact.
Cerebellar hypoplasia causes incoordination and tremors in the kittens.
Cerebellar infarction requires neurosurgical consultation.
Cerebellar lesions can result in A. akinesia.
Cerebellar neurons are usually normal.
Cerebellar testing is normal.
Cerebellum isa body part.
Cerebellums are part of brains.
Cerebellums control behavior.
Cerebellums control instinctive behavior.
Cerebellums have (part) corpi.
Most cerebellums are part of brains.
Cerebral amyloidosis is an inconstant histological feature of the scrapie family of diseases.
Cerebral aneurysm is an aneurism
Cerebral aneurysm is aneurysm.
Cerebral aneurysms are abnormal blisters on arteries of the brain.
Cerebral aneurysms are in general responsible for it.
Cerebral aneurysms can be present in the brain for years without causing symptoms.
Cerebral angiography involves x-rays of blood vessels in the brain.
Cerebral angiography is a study of the blood circulation of the brain.
Cerebral angiography is the only way to arrive at the correct diagnosis.
Cerebral angiography is the primary method to establish the diagnosis of moyamoya disease.
Cerebral angiography remains the gold standard for diagnostic evaluation of putative AVMs.
Cerebral angioplasty is a new, experimental technique.
A cerebral aqueduct is a duct
Cerebral aqueduct connects the fourth and third ventricles.
Cerebral areas dedicated to visual perception seem to be implicated by visual mental imagery.
Cerebral arteriosclerosis can lead to stroke and brain hemorrhage.
Cerebral atherosclerosis is also an underlying risk factor for cerebral vascular disease.
Cerebral atrophy is the most common and least specific abnormality.
Cerebral atrophy reverses after the first few months of sobriety.
Cerebral concussions are a type of head injury that frequently occur among athletes.
Cerebral confusion is, perhaps, the perquisite to clarity.
Cerebral damage can become evident as long as two years later.
Cerebral demyelination follows, causing dementia, spasticity, and blindness.
Cerebral edema can lead to coma, neurological damage, and death.
Cerebral edema is a complication that affects primarily children.
Cerebral edema is a serious complication in many patients with brain tumors.
Cerebral edema is a swelling
Cerebral edema is an uncommon but devastating complication of diabetic ketoacidosis in children.
Cerebral edema is correlated with the administration of bicarbonate.
Cerebral edema is diseases.
Cerebral edema is no longer a concern.
Cerebral edema is the complication that every doctor looking after children with diabetes fears.
Cerebral edema is the increase in brain tissue water causing swelling.
Cerebral edema produces headaches, nausea, and sometimes seizures and coma.
Cerebral edema refers to brain swelling due to an accumulation of water.
Cerebral embolism refers to a blood clot that forms at another location in the circulatory system.
Cerebral ganglia are above and below pharynx.
Cerebral glioma is a common form of brain tumour which is increasing in incidence in Australia.
Some cerebral hemispheres have brains.
Cerebral hemorrhage can lead to paralysis.
Cerebral hemorrhage is hemorrhage
Cerebral hemorrhage is most often fatal.
Cerebral hemorrhage is rare.
Cerebral hemorrhage occurs when an artery in the brain ruptures or breaks apart.
Cerebral infarction falls under the umbrella of cerebrovascular disorders called stroke.
Cerebral inflammation tends to be self-perpetuating.
Cerebral ischemia can result in a stroke.
Cerebral ischemia produces perturbation of signal transduction systems in neurons.
Cerebral knowledge is the foundation of the other two forms of knowledge.
Cerebral malaria is associated with swelling of the brain.
Cerebral malaria is extremely serious, with the victim becoming delirious and entering a coma.
Cerebral malaria is one of the leading causes of neurological disabilities in African children.
Cerebral malaria is one of the most dreaded complication.
Cerebral malaria occurs when infected red cells obstruct the blood vessels in the brain.
Cerebral malaria occurs when the malaria parasite infects the brain.
Cerebral palsy affects the body s motor function, muscle control and coordination.
Cerebral palsy can be contagious.
Cerebral palsy can be mild or severe.
Cerebral palsy can include milder versions or more severe symptoms which lead to total dependency.
Cerebral palsy can result from damage to parts of the brain that control movement.
Cerebral palsy comes in a variety of forms and with a continuum of severity.
Cerebral palsy gets worse with age.
Cerebral palsy is a brain disease
Cerebral palsy is a chronic disorder that impairs control of movements.
Cerebral palsy is a condition caused when the brain gets hurt, or damaged.
Cerebral palsy is a condition that has no cure.
Cerebral palsy is a cruel collection of varied conditions caused by injury before or during birth.
Cerebral palsy is a dark and frightening tag.
Cerebral palsy is a disorder of motor development.
Cerebral palsy is a disorder of movement or coordination caused by an abnormality of the brain.
Cerebral palsy is a disorder that damages the brain before, during, or after birth.
Cerebral palsy is a group of chronic conditions affecting body movements and muscle coordination.
Cerebral palsy is a group of chronic disorders characterized by impaired body movement.
Cerebral palsy is a lifelong disorder.
Cerebral palsy is a neuro-motor disability that is caused by problems with the brain.
Cerebral palsy is a non-progressive disorder of the brain that occurs in a growing child.
Cerebral palsy is a nonprogressive disorder.
Cerebral palsy is a result of damage to the developing brain usually during or near birth.
Cerebral palsy is a term describing a collection of disorders which affect movement and posture.
Cerebral palsy is a term that describes a group of disorders that affect movement control.
Cerebral palsy is a term used for various non-progessive disorders, resulting from brain damage.
Cerebral palsy is an example of a central coordination disorder.
Cerebral palsy is basically brain damage.
Cerebral palsy is brain damage.
Cerebral palsy is brain disorder.
Cerebral palsy is caused by a lack of oxygen to the brain at birth.
Cerebral palsy is caused by an injury to the brain before, during, or shortly after birth .
Cerebral palsy is caused by an injury to the brain before, during, or shortly after birth.
Cerebral palsy is caused by injury to the developing brain.
Cerebral palsy is characterized by an inability to fully control motor function.
Cerebral palsy is characterized by an inability to fully control muscles, movement, and posture.
Cerebral palsy is characterized by poor muscle control ranging from clumsiness to severe paralysis.
Cerebral palsy is diagnosed mainly by evaluating how a baby or young child moves.
Cerebral palsy is different for every person.
Cerebral palsy is diseases.
Cerebral palsy is due to abnormal development or damage occurring to the developing brain.
Cerebral palsy is due to an injury to the brain motor tissue before or during birth.
Cerebral palsy is illnesses.
Cerebral palsy is neither contagious nor inherited.
Cerebral palsy is neither progressive or communicable.
Cerebral palsy is one heck of a side effect.
Cerebral palsy is one of the newer beneficiaries.
Cerebral palsy is something that happens to the brain.
Cerebral palsy is the most common crippling disorder among children.
Cerebral palsy is the most common permanent physical disability of childhood.
Cerebral palsy is the most prevalent life-long physical disability in America.
Cerebral palsy is the name given to a group of disorders which affect posture and movement.
Cerebral palsy is the result of damage to motor areas in the brain.
Cerebral palsy is the result of damage to the brain prior to or shortly after birth.
Cerebral palsy is thought to be due, at least in part, to a shortage of oxygen to the brain.
Any cerebral structure is accessible by radiosurgery without risk of hemorrhage or infection.
Cerebral thrombosis is a blood clot in an artery to the brain, which can cause a stroke.
Cerebral thrombosis is managed as it is in other contexts.
Cerebral thrombosis is the most common type of stroke.
Cerebral thrombosis is thrombosis
Cerebral thrombosis is thrombosis.
Cerebral thrombus is a blood clot that develops at the site of the clogged portion of the vessel.
Cerebral tumors occur in the part of the brain located at the top of the head.
Cerebral work costs the doctor time.
Cerebroside sulfates are important membrane constituents, particularly in myelin.
Cerebrospinal fluid fills the syrinx.
Cerebrospinal fluid fills the ventricles of the brain and the central canal of the spinal cord.
Cerebrospinal fluid is a clear liquid that surrounds the brain and the spinal cord.
Cerebrospinal fluid is enclosed within the meningeal layers.
Cerebrospinal fluid is functionally continuous with the extracellular fluid bathing central neurons.
Cerebrospinal fluid is held within membranes and bones that act like flexible skin.
Cerebrospinal fluid is humour
Cerebrospinal fluid is in the sac.
Cerebrospinal fluid is normally clear and colorless.
Cerebrospinal fluid is obtained from the spinal area using a small needle and a syringe.
Cerebrospinal fluid is saved for analysis if necessary.
Cerebrospinal fluid is the fluid of the nervous system.
Cerebrospinal fluid is the fluid that bathes the brain and spinal cord.
Cerebrospinal fluid is the material that bathes the brain and is collected by a spinal tap.
Cerebrospinal fluid is very nearly a pure sodium chloride solution.
Cerebrospinal fluids demonstrate lymphocytosis and elevated levels of cerebrospinal fluid protein.
Cerebrospinal meningitis is meningitis
Cerebrospinal meningitis is the only form of bacterial meningitis which causes epidemics.
A cerebrovascular accident is an attack
Cerebrovascular accidents are a common cause of death among cocaine addicts.
Cerebrovascular accidents occur in children with sickle cell disease and alpha-thalassemia.
Cerebrovascular disease continues to dominate the inpatient clinical service.
Cerebrovascular disease is a serious complication of hypertension.
Cerebrovascular disease is a very serious issue for the diabetic.
Cerebrovascular disease is one of the most devastating yet misunderstood epidemics of our time.
Cerebrovascular disease is the third leading cause of death after heart disease and cancer.
Cerebrovascular diseases are a major source of morbidity and mortality in our country.
Cerebrovascular lesions are, at least in part, judged to be due to smoking.
Cerebrovascular reactivity is impaired in patients with cardiac failure.
Cerebrum isa body part.
Cerebrums control movement.
Cerebrums control voluntary movement.
Cerebrums have (part) corpi.
Cerebrums have (part) cortexes.
Some cerebrums control sensory organs.
Ceremonial armour is more likely to appear on sculpture.
Ceremonial certificates come with a matching wallet card, foil seal, and tri-colored ribbon.
A ceremonial dance is a dancing
Ceremonial dance is dance done for a religious or ceremonial purpose.
Ceremonial dancers leap up and snap the beak closed with a loud clap.
Ceremonial dancing is performerd on the site seasonally.
Ceremonial law presupposes the entrance of sin and is aimed at repairing the damage done by sin.
Ceremonial magic is used for two kinds of purposes.
Ceremonial magic is very complex and has to be done correctly.
Ceremonial marriage is possible almost everywhere in the world.
Ceremonial marriage is possible almost everywhere.
Ceremonial masks are one example of the type of religious objects.
Ceremonial masks are yet another specialty.
Ceremonial meetings occur which range from sexual orgies to sacrifices of animals and humans.
Ceremonial ones are oversize and elaborately decorated with geometric motifs, with long fringes.
Ceremonial practices are strong in Navajo spirituality.
Ceremonial religion is an important aspect of the Haitian culture.
Ceremonial requirements are very simple and basic to accommodate everyone.
Ceremonial rituals invoking the good graces of the elements command the respect of the community.
Ceremonial uncleanness is what spread.
Ceremonial worship is performed.
Ceremonial is an occasion
Ceremonials play an important part in Jewish life.
Ceremonials routinely commemorate the roots of the institutions they celebrate.
Ceremonies also accompany events such as births, marriages, and deaths.
Ceremonies appeal to the psyche because they give form to the formless.
Ceremonies are accessible to all graduates and guests.
Ceremonies are all standup.
Ceremonies are an additional charge.
Ceremonies are an expression of our culture and self-determination.
Ceremonies are available in English and Japanese .
Ceremonies are available, by appointment, seven days a week.
Ceremonies are celebrations of human development.
Ceremonies are just a moment in time.
Ceremonies are like landmarks in our lives.
Ceremonies are nothing.
Ceremonies are optional for students completing graduation requirements.
Ceremonies are pageants, which are used to celebrate a person or element of faith.
Ceremonies are personal.
Ceremonies are rituals on a larger scale and they can be an important part of any business.
Ceremonies are scheduled during hours in which the house is closed to the public.
Ceremonies are secondary and merely ornamental.
Ceremonies are the first thing to be attended to in the practice of government.
Ceremonies are the instruments which help Indigenous people remember to remember.
Ceremonies are usually cheaper when held in a church than in a funeral home.
Ceremonies are very lively and the costumes bright.
Ceremonies average one and one-half to two hours in length.
Ceremonies begin and end with an academic procession.
Ceremonies blend the ingredients which make up the world of after ceremony.
Ceremonies can be a great way of bringing that closure to the past.
Ceremonies can be simple or elaborate.
Ceremonies can be too long for children to stand without becoming fidgety.
Ceremonies can be traditional, contemporary, religious or secular.
Ceremonies can last up to nine days, with four or more sand paintings created in that time.
Ceremonies celebrate events, reward good behavior and bring people together.
Ceremonies continue to sort people into groups by gender and the ancient clans.
Ceremonies crafted by professional writers are in vogue.
Ceremonies depend on time, location and circumstances.
Ceremonies feature singing and dancing.
Ceremonies follow the parades in halls, stadiums or school courtyards.
Ceremonies have an important function within Fijian society.
Ceremonies have more impact when they are kept to the point.
Ceremonies help with adapting to what has happened.
Ceremonies last approximately two and one half-hours.
Ceremonies mark beginning and endings.
Ceremonies mark the changeover in control of the canal.
Ceremonies marking a person's naming, wedding and death are individualistic depending on the tribe.
Ceremonies play an important and very powerful part in our integration and transformation process.
Ceremonies require an appointment.
Ceremonies start promptly at the times listed.
Ceremonies take place at Seoul's capitol plaza and all major cities.
Ceremonies work to compartmentalize the review of losses amid holiday reminders.
Ceremony has stature.
Ceremony includes celebration.
Ceremony involves biological fathers.
Ceremony involves fathers.
Ceremony is activities.
Ceremony is affairs.
Ceremony is an occasion
Ceremony is complete.
Ceremony is located in churchs.
Ceremony isa event.
Ceremony sets sparks flying.
Ceremony transcends the cerebral consciousness.
All ceremonies are approximately two hours in length.
All ceremonies are free and open to the public.
All ceremonies are on-site and handicap accessible.
Any ceremonies performed by such a person is null and void.
Every ceremony is a negotiation, and the more things that are discussed in advance, the better.
Every ceremony is a new life.
Every ceremony needs to have a plan and a goal.
Most ceremonies relate to rain.
Most ceremony has stature.
Most ceremony includes celebration.
Most ceremony involves biological fathers.
Most ceremony involves fathers.
Most ceremony is about balance between good and evil, restoration of the balance.
Some ceremony enhances power.
Some ceremony has effects.
Some ceremony involves close family members.
Some ceremony involves family members.
Some ceremony involves inspections.
Some ceremony involves lengthy inspections.
Some ceremony involves members.
Some ceremony reflects tradition.
Some ceremony takes places.
Cerenkov radiation is like the bow wave of a boat, or the shock wave of a supersonic airplane.
Cerenkov radiation looks much like a glowing ball of water or plasma around the reactor core.
Cerenkov radiation provides particle separation and imaging of both angular and spatial information.
Ceres township loses a good citizen.
CERF loan helps hurricane-stricken woodworkers in Alabama.
CERF registration is good for twelve months from the examination date.
CERF testing is also highly encouraged among breeders, although eye problems are rare.
Ceric sulfate is used as an oxidizing agent in analytic-chemistry laboratories.
Ceric sulphate is used as an oxidizing agent.
All Ceridian employees are eligible for one kind of success sharing program or another.
Cerimonial sheep slauter at a mountain cabin.
Cerium oxide catalyzes reactions involving oxygen.
Cerium alone is too soft, so iron is used to harden it.
Cerium has many uses, including as an alloying agent with iron and other metals.
Cerium is a chemical element.
Cerium is a gray lustrous malleable metal.
Cerium is a grey, shiny or lustrous metal.
Cerium is a highly electropositive metal and reacts with water.
Cerium is a malleable metal used in industrial applications.
Cerium is a malleable, soft, ductile, iron-grey metal, slightly harder than lead.
Cerium is a soft, malleable, ductile, iron-grey metal with hexagonal or cubic crystalline structure.
Cerium is a very reactive metal and quickly tarnishes in air.
Cerium is also an essential component of phosphors used in TV screens and fluorescent lamps.
Cerium is also available in soluble forms including chlorides , nitrates and acetates .
Cerium is an element it is a solid metal.
Cerium is an iron-gray lustrous metal.
Cerium is an iron-gray, malleable metal that oxidizes very readily at room temperature.
Cerium is an iron-gray, soft, ductile and malleable metal.
Cerium is an iron-grey lustrous metal.
Cerium is attacked readily by acids and alkalis.
Cerium is chemical elements.
Cerium is just one of the several rare earth metals that are important to industry.
Cerium is metal
Cerium is metallic elements.
Cerium is oxidised readily in air.
Cerium is relatively abundant in the Earth's crust.
Cerium is slightly harder than lead.
Cerium is soluble in concentrated or dilute mineral acids.
Cerium is the most abundant of the metals of the so-called rare earths.
Cerium is the most abundant of the rare earth elements.
Cerium is the most abundant of the rare earth metals .
Cerium is the only one of the rare earth metals that can be easily separated from the others.
Cerium is the second element of the lanthanide series.
Cerium is the second most active lanthanide after europium.
Cerium is used as the surrogate for plutonium.
Cerium is used by the motion picture industry for lighting purposes.
Cerium is used in making lamp mantles as incandescence is formed when burned.
Cerium occurs chiefly in the minerals monazite and bastnaesite.
Cerment pots have similar reliability to carbon pots and can serve as substitutes for the original.
CERT advisories are essential reads for system admins.
CERT advisories reach a vast number of system and network administrators on the Internet.
CERT members extinguish a fire during training.
CERT members receive specialized training to respond when there is a crisis.
CERT officials are unsure of the damage that it can do.
CERT page is here.
CERT representatives meet monthly, and there are plans to develop the consortium's own website.
CERT staff conduct weekly seminars for the undergraduate assistants.
CERT teams meet quarterly and participate in local disaster exercises.
CERT training is offered free of charge to all people who live or work in Fremont.
CERT training teaches neighbors of all ages what to do and how to be prepared for disasters.
A cert is certainty
CeRT aims at clinical relevant scientific research at a high level.
CERT also hosts visitors from related research institutions studying transition.
CERT also maintains an independent list of current activity .
CERT has a good description .
CERT has a good report with additional links to antivirus companies.
CERT has a typical one around somewhere.
CERT has an excellent technical paper on intrusion detection systems .
CERT has funds earmarked for several graduate fellowships.
CERT has, and as far as the staff knows, never sustained a security breach.
CERT is a body in the U.S. which handles security incidents.
CERT is a good source of more information on home network security.
CERT is a good source of timely information about new security threats.
CERT is a major reporting center for Internet security problems.
CERT is a worthy concept.
CERT is an important element in community preparedness.
CERT is designed to encourage direct citizen involvement in the city's response to a disaster.
CERT is generally happy to issue warnings via the net.
CERT is part of a nationwide program for disaster preparedness.
CERT is principally an aid to sites that have already been broken into.
CERT Join the CERT team .
CERT maintains a library of material that focuses on building and implementing a security policy.
CERT offers technical assistance for computer security incidents.
CERT offers two types of training courses for managers and technical staff.
CERT provides a clearinghouse for information about computer break-ins and security.
CERT provides mediation, conflict coaching and workshops for students.
CERT provides mediation.
CERT publicizes that a forged CERT key is making the rounds on the internet.
CERT recognizes that a well-prepared com munity is a vital resource to professionals.
CERT responds to computer security breaches and publicizes Internet security threats.
CERT say so in their advice on rooted boxen.
CERT strongly suggests adding a notice banner such as the one included below to all systems.
CERT suggests one of the following solutions.
CERT suggests that firms have alternatives to the Internet for data communications.
Certs also makes little miniature mints.
Certs are certainty.
CERTs are of value for all disasters.
Certs are the net version of the plastic card.
Certs have same cost as passwords.
Certain actions take places.
Certain arthropods possess exoskeletons.
Certain bacteria get energy.
Certain bacteria have beneficial effects.
Certain bacteria have effects.
Certain bacteria invade lung tissue.
Certain bacteria invade tissue.
Certain bacteria use anaerobic respiration.
Certain bacteria use respiration.
Certain breeds produce beef.
Certain breeds produce taste beef.
Certain characteristics develop over years.
Certain compounds have properties.
Certain conditions affect growth.
Certain conditions cause similar symptoms.
Certain conditions cause symptoms.
Certain conditions contribute to obesity.
Certain countries have better options.
Certain countries have options.
Certain countries have technology.
Certain diseases affect organs.
Certain diseases affect sexual organs.
Certain electronic devices require voltage.
Certain elements have energy.
Certain elements have nuclear energy.
Certain elements have potential energy.
Certain enzymes aid in metabolism.
Certain enzymes break down substances.
Certain enzymes break down toxic substances.
Certain enzymes have effects.
Certain events take places.
Certain factors affect capacity.
Certain factors affect connective tissue.
Certain factors affect likelihood.
Certain factors affect tissue.
Certain factors promote development.
Certain food contains carbohydrates.
Certain food contributes to cadmium intake.
Certain food contributes to intake.
Certain food creates chemical reaction.
Certain food creates reaction.
Certain food has immense values.
Certain food has values.
Certain food helps hunger.
Certain food helps prevent hunger.
Certain food helps symptoms.
Certain food improves dental health.
Certain food improves health.
Certain food promotes health.
Certain food promotes liver health.
Certain food triggers reaction.
Certain hormones help women.
Certain hormones influence electrolyte excretion.
Certain hormones influence excretion.
Certain individuals live on breed territory.
Certain individuals live on same breed territory.
Certain individuals live on territory.
Certain individuals may have allergic reaction.
Certain individuals may have reaction.
Certain insects feed on plants.
Certain issues cause problems.
Certain mammals have forelimbs.
Certain mammals have long forelimbs.
Certain medical conditions cause similar symptoms.
Certain medical conditions cause symptoms.
Certain medical issues cause problems.
Certain medicine affects symptoms.
Certain milk products contain cheese.
Certain mollusks have shells.
Certain mollusks have spiral shells.
Certain natural compounds have properties.
Certain nutrients play important roles.
Certain nutrients play roles.
Certain organs have functions.
Certain organisms have features.
Certain organisms produce acid.
Certain other factors affect capacity.
Certain other hookworms infect humans.
Certain patients report contact.
Certain patients see benefits.
Certain physical conditions affect growth.
Certain places have certain special quality.
Certain places have quality.
Certain plants adapt to conditions.
Certain plants adapt to different conditions.
Certain plants adapt to different environmental conditions.
Certain plants adapt to environmental conditions.
Certain plants attract beetles.
Certain plants grow as vines.
Certain plants grow in certain places.
Certain plants have scent.
Certain plants provide enough moisture.
Certain plants provide moisture.
Certain products contain cheese.
Certain protists cause diseases.
Certain protists inhabit digestive tracts.
Certain protists inhabit tracts.
Certain requirements include elevate nutrients.
Certain requirements include nutrients.
Certain steroid hormones influence electrolyte excretion.
Certain steroid hormones influence excretion.
Certain substances contain nitrogen.
Certain symptoms help diagnoses.
Certain symptoms help specific diagnoses.
Certain vitamins contribute to good health.
Certain vitamins contribute to health.
Certainly cancer is horrible.
Certainly education is a very important aspect.
Certainly education is one of the answers.
Certainly emotions are.
Certainly growth is more likely in countries that can provide enough food for their people.
Certainly journalism is the first draft of history.
Certainly justice is common to all religions, it's central to the rule of government.
Certainly quality is one of the most important ingredients of value.
Certainly war does play a neglected role in the maintenance of social order.
Certainty equivalence allows the policymaking process to take place in two stages.
Certainty rule is designed to cap jury awards to reasonable levels.
Certainties are few.
Certainty awaits a meaningful, credible study by mental health professionals.
Certainty brings joy and exuberance.
Certainty can involve a type of passion as well.
Certainty can lead to arrogance.
Certainty contradicts their very nature.
Certainty exists when the organization has all the information it needs to make a decision.
Certainty exists, and universal doubt is unreasonable.
Certainty is a state of mind
Certainty is always solution focused.
Certainty is better, but probabilities are still very useful.
Certainty is coercive, forcible and firm.
Certainty is different from confidence.
Certainty is never possible.
Certainty is possible, reality is predictable.
Certainty is quality.
Certainty isa condition.
Certainty leads to stability, and it is of the foremost importance in creating order in society.
Certainty proves necessity, and vice versa.
All certainty is in the form of probability.
Certian countries have natural allies.
Certificate holders have options.
Certificates of attendance are also available.
Certificate of authenticity accompanies piece.
Certificate of authenticity accompanies the packet.
Certificate of authenticity is included.
Certificates of authenticity accompany all coins.
Certificates of authenticity are available upon request.
Certificates of authenticity can be worthless.
Certificate of completion is available.
Certificate of completion is given to student which assists in job search.
Certificate of completion is received.
Certificates of completion are available for each course.
Certificates of completion are available for each module.
Certificates of completion are available to participants at the end of the activity.
Certificates of completion are available to participants.
Certificates of completion are available upon request.
Certificates of completion are award to school food workers who successfully complete the course.
Certificates of completion are awarded for both lessons and courses.
Certificates of completion are e-mailed directly back to the student.
Certificates of completion are few and far between compared to five years ago.
Certificates of completion are valid indefinitely in any school in the state.
A certificate of deposit is a document
Certificates of deposit are a great way to safely save money for a pre-set amount of time.
Certificates of deposit are subject to a substantial penalty for early withdrawal.
Certificates of deposit make up more than half of the bank's deposit accounts.
All certificates of deposit are automatically renewable and interest is paid quarterly.
All certificates of deposit are subject to an interest penalty for early withdrawal of principal.
Certificates of Deposits are automatically renewable.
Certificates of Deposits Obtain the current certificate balance.
A certificate of incorporation is a certificate
Certificate of incorporation is evidence of corporate existence.
Certificate of registration is attached.
All certificates of registration are valid for one year.
Certificate programs add more advanced training and general education courses.
Certificate programs allow students to focus their studies in unique ways.
Certificate programs are available as well.
Certificate programs are available at both the entry and post-master's levels.
Certificate programs are available for post-master's study in selected areas.
Certificate programs are available in a variety of business programs.
Certificate programs are available in both music and dance disciplines.
Certificate programs are available in family therapy and gerontology.
Certificate programs are available in nuclear medicine technology and radiologic technology.
Certificate programs are available in nursing and nutritional sciences.
Certificate programs are available in the following areas.
Certificate programs are available in the human resources field.
Certificate programs help other students acquire certification for specific jobs.
Certificate programs offer a graduated and in-depth approach to theory and practical application.
Certificate programs offer in-depth courses of study in selected topics.
Certificate programs offer skill development and the opportunity to test an area of interest.
Certificate programs prepare students for entry-level employment.
Certificate programs require completion of a course or a series of courses.
Certificate programs require less than two years of study.
Certificate programs vary in length from one to three academic terms.
Certificate programs vary in length.
Some certificate programs allow students to take courses on a non-certificate basis.
Some certificate programs are only open to applicants already working in certain fields.
Some certificate programs combine both types of courses.
Some certificate programs have additional admission requirements or pre-requisites.
Some certificate programs have additional requirements.
Some certificate programs have specific prerequisites.
Some certificate programs provide the option of taking courses by independent study.
Some certificate programs require completion of certain courses with at least a C grade.
Some certificate programs require students to also meet specific course prerequisite requirements.
Some certificate programs take three years to complete and are available only in the evening.
A certificate is papers
Certificate isa document.
Certificates allow unknown parties on the Web to trust each other and share private information.
Certificates also are available to builders offering radon-free construction.
Certificates also contain a unique serial number.
Certificates also enable users to encrypt and digitally sign online transactions.
Certificates also lower the corporation's cost of maintaining their Web servers.
Certificates apply to contracted time and mileage only.
Certificates are a great way to focus in on a specific set of learning objectives.
Certificates are a long way from being the Holy Grail of computer security.
Certificates are a pointer to directory information about certificate holders.
Certificates are a standard way of binding a public key to a name.
Certificates are a way of assessing the authenticity of a public key.
Certificates are active for one full year from the date of issue.
Certificates are also available at the rectory.
Certificates are also available for binocular observers.
Certificates are also available for New Jersey, Massachusetts, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Florida.
Certificates are also available in a number of other subject areas.
Certificates are also available in transportation, materials management, and purchasing.
Certificates are also available on both levels.
Certificates are also available upon completion.
Certificates are always on sale at the school office.
Certificates are an excellent method of building savings for future cash needs.
Certificates are another helpful security measure.
Certificates are at the bottom.
Certificates are available at area banks.
Certificates are available for a wide variety of menu and dessert choices.
Certificates are available for baptisms and weddings.
Certificates are available for certified students upon request.
Certificates are available for commuting and a number of special tours.
Certificates are available for completion of both basic and advanced levels of academic performance.
Certificates are available for members who observe all of the objects in each list.
Certificates are available for partial completion of the program.
Certificates are available for satisfactory completion in a non-credit course.
Certificates are available for students who complete core courses.
Certificates are available for working five different vessels during the weekend.
Certificates are available from door monitors at each program.
Certificates are available if desired, for attendance or level reached.
Certificates are available if required.
Certificates are available in Adobe Acrobat format.
Certificates are available in any amount and are valid for one full year from the date of purchase.
Certificates are available in Braille on request.
Certificates are available in several catagories depending upon the arrival date of the ancestor.
Certificates are available in the denominations of Rs.
Certificates are available in the following technology specialty areas.
Certificates are available in the materials packets.
Certificates are available on request.
Certificates are available to both degree and non-degree seeking students.
Certificates are available to persons named on the certificate, their parent or guardian.
Certificates are available upon request.
Certificates are available with various rates and terms.
Certificates are available, but optional.
Certificates are central to the use of public keys, for they guarantee public key authenticity.
Certificates are compulsory for all tourism companies and hotels.
Certificates are digital documents that authenticate individuals or organizations.
Certificates are documents.
Certificates are easy to start - no admission hurdles.
Certificates are free and are redeemable at any local veterinarian.
Certificates are free of charge and provide basic information to the market manager.
Certificates are fully transferable.
Certificates are given to participants and additional recognition is awarded on an individual level.
Certificates are good at all mall shops and retailers.
Certificates are good for one lesson and ski rental.
Certificates are good for one year from date of purchase.
Certificates are good for one year.
Certificates are good for seven to ten years and are renewable.
Certificates are good for two years from the date the certificate is issued.
Certificates are good toward tickets and concessions.
Certificates are great, congratulations on that work.
Certificates are in place for five years with annual audits.
Certificates are inter-provincial in nature and are recognized across Canada.
Certificates are language-specific and are offered in various languages according to student demand.
Certificates are limited to no more than two per family per year.
Certificates are non-refundable, but are transferable.
Certificates are non-refundable.
Certificates are non-transferable and become void if sold or bartered.
Certificates are nontransferable and non-negotiable.
Certificates are now available at more than half of the parish courthouses.
Certificates are of no cash value.
Certificates are official documents.
Certificates are often limited to obtaining an opinion from a barrister.
Certificates are on file and copies are available upon request.
Certificates are on their way.
Certificates are one of the most secure methods of protecting transactions over the Internet.
Certificates are only valid for one year.
Certificates are popular and often are displayed on office walls.
Certificates are prepared and presented at a later date.
Certificates are prepared locally for presentation at the banquet.
Certificates are redeemable at anytime during the semester.
Certificates are redeemable by mail or by placing an order online.
Certificates are redeemable only at chamber member firms.
Certificates are sent to district governors or council chairpersons annually.
Certificates are several hundred dollars per year to own.
Certificates are similar to many other forms of personal identification.
Certificates are sold on a first call, first serve basis.
Certificates are sort of like an official electronic identification card for a company.
Certificates are specific by domain name.
Certificates are subject to availability.
Certificates are subject to early withdrawal penalties.
Certificates are subject to substantial penalties for early withdrawal.
Certificates are the equivalent of passports to travel the information highway.
Certificates are to be applied to purchases in our store.
Certificates are to be awarded to all students involved.
Certificates are to be given to the invigilator at the time of the make-up.
Certificates are transferable anywhere within the United States.
Certificates are transferable prior to ticket issuance.
Certificates are transferable, non-negotiable, and have no fixed size.
Certificates are transferable.
Certificates are transferrable.
Certificates are unstable.
Certificates are updated daily, so users have the most current copy available on demand.
Certificates are useful across sites.
Certificates are useful because they attest to the identity of the user or organization.
Certificates are valid for a period of four years from the date of completion.
Certificates are valid for a period of three years from the date of issuance.
Certificates are valid for any airshow date in the year issued.
Certificates are valid for five years and can be renewed on further application.
Certificates are valid for life unless canceled by lawful authority.
Certificates are valid for merchandise, applicable state sales taxes, and shipping charges.
Certificates are valid for one consecutive stay at one location.
Certificates are valid for one year from date of issuance.
Certificates are valid for one year from the date issued.
Certificates are valid for three years from the date of issuance.
Certificates are valid for three years.
Certificates are valid for two years from the date of issuance.
Certificates are valid for two years.
Certificates are valid only for the expense of the guest room, unless otherwise indicated.
Certificates are valid until their expiration date.
Certificates are valuable because they are negotiable instruments like checks drown on a bank.
Certificates are very usefull when extra security is needed.
Certificates are without time conditions unless employer or industry-sponsored.
Certificates attest to a linkage or an association, an origin or ownership.
Certificates authorize a blaster to use explosives and explosive materials.
Certificates await awardees.
Certificates become invalid if a business closes, ceases operations or is sold.
Certificates become less trustworthy over time.
Certificates become void six months after the date of issue.
Certificates can also include other information in extensions such as permissions and comments.
Certificates can be short or long term, from three months to five years.
Certificates can provide very flexible interaction with a server.
Certificates can show both first and middle names, their meanings and characteristics.
Certificates carry no expiration date and can be redeemed at any time.
Certificates come framed and unframed.
Certificates come in a matching envelope for a polished presentation.
Certificates come in a signature keepsake box with a personalized card and hand wrap satin ribbon.
Certificates confirming attendance are available for most courses.
Certificates consist of about ten courses, all related to one's career field.
Certificates contain each owner's public key and identification information.
Certificates contain important information.
Certificates contain information extracted from the original registration record.
Certificates contain information.
Certificates contain statements.
Certificates distributed to each insured member describe the plan in detail.
Certificates do carry penalties for early withdrawal.
Certificates expire after a year.
Certificates expire in one year from the date of issue.
Certificates expire in one year.
Certificates expire one year from date of purchase.
Certificates expire, so the fast sorting capability of computers is even more beneficial.
Certificates facilitate that process by providing a means to identify an organization or individual.
Certificates generally consist of a focused set of courses targeting specific occupational skills.
Certificates generally take two to six months to be processed.
Certificates Go To MDiv.
Certificates guarantee legitimate information.
Certificates have an established minimum investment amount and a predetermined maturity period.
Certificates have to be carefully worded to prevent such misuse.
Certificates help prevent someone from using a phony key to impersonate someone else.
Certificates help prevent the use of fake public keys for impersonation.
Certificates increase students' employability in the many professional areas related to aging.
Certificates indicating completion of a visiting fellowship are available.
Certificates issued by others carry little authoritative value, if any.
Certificates make it possible to provide truly secure applications on public networks.
Certificates offer a guaranteed rate of return and guaranteed principal base.
Certificates print out to reward progress and achievement .
Certificates provide a highly visible form of accomplishment.
Certificates provide a trusted way to bind a user identity and a public key.
Certificates provide an attractive business model.
Certificates provide an authentication mechanism by which one site can securely recognize another.
Certificates provide individuals with important identification and marital status documentation.
Certificates provide knowledge.
Certificates provide more than identification to applications and users.
Certificates provide secure, authenticated communication in on-line applications.
Certificates provide stronger and more reliable authentication over traditional methods.
Certificates provide valuable benefits for corporate investment.
Certificates provide verifiable identity information about site visitors .
Certificates provides information on various language tests and certificates of proficiency.
Certificates range from as few as six to as many as eighteen credits.
Certificates recognize completion of a specified body of courses united by an academic theme.
Certificates refer to sites that offer secure transactions online.
Certificates represent one such alternative at community colleges.
Certificates require a lot of infrastructure.
Certificates require a minimum deposit.
Certificates require a substantial penalty for early withdrawal.
Certificates require fewer hours than their corresponding degree programs.
Certificates require the completion of all course work and the completion of the competency form.
Certificates require three to twelve months for completion.
Certificates reside on both the client and server sides of the commerce site for added security.
Certificates seem to be everywhere.
Certificates serve as online credentials or identities.
Certificates serve to verify that an application comes from a trusted source.
Certificates show grade and rank compared to all students tested in a given period.
Certificates show linguistic accomplishment.
Certificates show name of office, official's name, date, and certification.
Certificates take about one month.
Certificates take six weeks to process.
Certificates tell employers that the professional does indeed possess the necessary skills.
Certificates tend to lead to higher wages.
Certificates typically contain a user's name and public key.
Certificates typically contain a user's name or other identifying information and public key.
Certificates vary in interest rate, term, renewability, and minimum deposit requirement.
Certificates verifiy that an author has signed the document.
Certificates wil be available to be filled in at the end of each event.
Certificates work in both ways.
Certificates often provide training for immediate employment.
Certificates usually cost more.
Certificates usually have a section of definitions to explain words that have special meanings.
Certificates usually show tables of yearly interest rates.
Certificates usually show the name of the veterinarian examining the horse.
All certificate accounts earn daily compounded interest, unless otherwise stated.
All certificates are available as IRAs.
All certificates are available to and recommended for members and friends of the church.
All certificates are don on top quality photographic paper.
All certificates are fixed rate accounts.
All certificates are good for flight for one year.
All certificates are good for one year from the date of purchase.
All certificates are subject to early withdrawal penalties.
All certificates are subject to penalties for early withdrawals or closeouts.
All certificates are suitable for photocopying.
All certificates are valid for a period of one year from date of purchase.
All certificates are valid for two calendar years.
All certificates bear an expiration date for specific browsers.
All certificates come with an expiration date.
All certificates earn simple dividends.
All certificates expire two years from the date issued.
All certificates have minimum penalties for early withdrawal.
All certificates have one calendar year to be redeemed.
All certificates have the benefit of monthly excess cash.
All certificates offer an automatic renewal feature.
All certificates require one six-hour course per year to maintain the designation.
Every certificate arrives in a beautiful gift box, ready for giving.
Every certificate contains a domain name.
Every certificate has a finite lifetime.
Every certificate has a silkscreened background of a proud sun overlooking a family tree.
Every certificate has a unique serial number, issue date and expiration date.
Every certificate has flexible completion requirements.
Every certificate is guarenteed authentic and each one is in superb condition.
Every certificate is subject to audit annually.
Every certificate is useful.
Every certificate needs an audit trail.
Every certificate needs to go through our management system.
Every certificate receives an identifying number unique to that certificate.
Many certificates contain the valuable signatures of famous people.
Many certificates defy clear-cut separation.
Most certificates are nothing more than deceptively designed brochures or reservation forms.
Most certificates contain important information.
Most certificates contain information.
Most certificates contain statements.
Most certificates prepare the student for a specific job or aspect of a job.
Most certificates provide knowledge.
Some certificates are reliable and some are just fancy letterhead and some guy's signature.
Some certificates come with other restrictions.
Some certificates contain versions.
Some certificates have intensive basic core studio options available for beginning students.
Some certificates have the surname spelled in two or more ways.
Some certificates provide information.
Some certificates provide relevant information.
Some certificates require an internship to complete the program.
Some certificates require performance assessments and industry experience in addition to the tests.
Some certificates require semester credit hours and others require clock hours.
Some certificates require skills testing.
Certificated courses are available.
Certificated teachers have additional endorsement options .
Certification authorities are vendors trusted by both parties to a business transaction.
Certification authorities issue digital certificates, a software encryption or encoding program.
Most certification authorities charge a fee for digital certificates.
Certification bodies maintain and publish their own lists.
Certification exams are available throughout the program.
Certification exams are available to commercial applicators at the following community colleges.
Certification exams are difficult and costly.
Certification exams are difficult to pass.
Certification exams are now available in Asia Pacific, Canada, Latin America, and U.S. regions.
Certification exams are optional at the specified time.
Certification exams require a separate registration and fee.
All certification exams have a written part, and some also have a practical part.
Certification marks are, by their basic nature, unlike any other types of marks.
Certification marks identify wares or services which meet a defined standard.
Certification office is current with credential reviews for new hires.
Certification programs are a good option for employers.
Certification programs are also a source of income and help maintain member retention.
Certification programs are also available at the graduate degree level.
Certification programs are also available through other organizations.
Certification programs are also available.
Certification programs are available for some disciplines.
Certification programs are available through several universities.
Certification programs are entirely state regulatory matters.
Certification programs are three semesters in length.
Certification programs benefit employees, too.
Certification programs create a standard for the profession.
Certification programs offer a short-term workshop environment.
Certification programs provide some of the most reliable and cutting edge training available.
Many certification programs can take as much as two years to complete.
Some certification programs are interested primarily in how much training was performed.
Certification requests provide official gold seal compared and prepared copies.
A certification is empowerment
Certification addresses satisfaction of the requirement only.
Certification adds to authority of clinical opinions in medical reports.
Certification allows participants to receive tax credit eligibility.
Certification allows the person to work anywhere in the United States as a health unit coordinator.
Certification allows the student to be a vital member of the housing partnership.
Certification also rewards and acknowledges firefighters for their training efforts.
Certification assures an identifiable level of competence and professional standing.
Certification assures that inspectors have a minimum level of knowledge.
Certification assures that the person applying pesticides is trained to handle and apply pesticides.
Certification begins with completing an application and submitting test rolls.
Certification benefits both employees and employers.
Certification benefits individuals and their employers.
Certification brings a new level of accountability and increased recognition to the profession.
Certification brings recognition, financial opportunities, and personal satisfaction.
Certification brings that level of assurance.
Certification builds self-esteem .
Certification builds self-esteem.
Certification can also increase opportunities for advancement.
Certification can also indirectly lead to greater risks in outdoor activities.
Certification can also provide a personal reward for pharmacist specialists.
Certification can also provide both a goal for and a means of evaluating training programs.
Certification can also provide objective benchmarks to help determine raises and promotions.
Certification can be a costly process.
Certification can be a long process and the race is less than two and one-half months away.
Certification can be an asset.
Certification can be even more daunting.
Certification can be in structural pest control or in lawn and ornamental pest control.
Certification can be the key to unlocking many a door.
Certification can be valuable if it is widely accepted.
Certification can help workers prove that they have the knowledge to perform more complex tasks.
Certification can improve credibility.
Certification can increase respect, recognition and credibility in the industry and profession.
Certification can lead to SFM and cost internalization.
Certification can only help our profession.
Certification can possess significant value, but only if seen in a more balanced context.
Certification can reduce personal responsibility of program directors for the marginal guide.
Certification can result in increased compensation.
Certification can strengthen patients' confidence in their caregivers.
Certification can take from one to eight weeks, based on various factors.
Certification carries with it a certain amount of prestige and marketability.
Certification classes monthly.
Certification classes through Dive-master are also available.
Certification comes from passing an exam and taking certification-update classes.
Certification confers the right to detain and treat the patient.
Certification consists of two exams.
Certification constitutes full authority to conduct referendum.
Certification contains each employee's name and dates of certification.
Certification corroborates the achievement and provides a source of professional pride.
Certification costs money.
Certification costs time and money.
Certification costs too much - the cost of training, exams, and time away from the office.
Certification courses aren t just about proving current knowledge.
Certification definitely makes a difference to some employers, less so to others.
Certification demonstrates a commitment to maximum performance and quality patient care.
Certification demonstrates commitment to the highest level of professionalism in patient care.
Certification demonstrates competence and usually brings higher pay.
Certification demonstrates professionalism in the career.
Certification demonstrates to employers that the individual has met skill standards.
Certification demonstrates to the public that a company or landowner is an environmental leader.
Certification denotes competency.
Certification distorts the U.S. national conversation on foreign policy toward Latin America.
Certification dives consist of four open water dives for which there is a one time fee.
Certification documents the mastery of a strong level of knowledge in the specialty.
Certification does demonstrate dedication and effort to the public and to the fire service.
Certification does have benefits.
Certification does have great value in the marketplace to a hiring manager.
Certification does just that.
Certification elevates the standards of the obstetric, gynecologic and neonatal nursing practice.
Certification enables firms to participate in targeted government contracting opportunities.
Certification encourages continued professional growth and development.
Certification enhances both salaries and careers.
Certification enhances the profession's image .
Certification enhances the profession's image.
Certification enhances the quality of services performed.
Certification ensures safety and client care standards.
Certification ensures that the data the producer publishes on the label are true.
Certification equates to increased income.
Certification establishes a common language for communication.
Certification establishes and validates critical job skills for web designers.
Certification establishes and validates critical job skills for Web team members.
Certification establishes professional credentials .
Certification establishes professional credentials that are national in scope .
Certification establishes professional credentials.
Certification establishes professional standards and benchmarks.
Certification establishes that the facility meets the mammography quality standards.
Certification evaluates the qualifications of individuals.
Certification exams additional fee.
Certification exists for applicants already certified in a teaching field.
Certification exists in some traditions.
Certification exists to demonstrate expertise and experience.
Certification exists to protect the consumer.
Certification exists today in many professions and trades.
Certification expires one year from date of issue.
Certification fosters development through encouragement of long-term career goals.
Certification fosters professional development through encouragement of long-term career goals.
Certification gives access to state funding for specified programs within heritage areas.
Certification gives both IT and end users a greater level of comfort.
Certification gives consumers an ethical choice.
Certification gives employers the assurance that the person is fluent in specific disciplines.
Certification gives temporary effect to a draft amendment.
Certification gives the successful student a passport to mobility between jobs.
Certification gives towns preference on certain competitive state grants.
Certification goes much further.
Certification has a financial impact.
Certification has a mandatory and voluntary character.
Certification has broad benefits for forest owners and cooperatives.
Certification has to be renewed every two years.
Certification heightens the agents' competency levels to deal with the customer.
Certification helps demonstrate a level of expertise to employers, clients, and colleagues.
Certification helps ensure that public water supply testing is accurate.
Certification helps insure that public water supply testing is accurate.
Certification helps managers know that an individual has at least a base level of knowledge.
Certification helps strengthen the client to realtor partnership.
Certification helps technicians formalize their career and feel like part of a health care team.
Certification identifies women with qualifications and capabilities in regulation baseball.
Certification implies confidence.
Certification implies expertise.
Certification implies that a set of standards have been met.
Certification implies that the individual is unable to use the telephone.
Certification improves career opportunities and advancement .
Certification improves career opportunities and advancement.
Certification improves skills and knowledge .
Certification improves skills and knowledge.
Certification includes design, construction and public safety programs.
Certification includes inspection of farm fields and processing facilities.
Certification includes operator training courses and a written examination.
Certification includes up to three submissions for testing.
Certification increases confidence and skill levels.
Certification increases professionalism of the alcohol and other drug abuse field.
Certification increases self-respect, upward mobility, and competitiveness in the labor market.
Certification increases the penetration and credibility of a code.
Certification indicates an individual is qualified on a specific level.
Certification indicates specific levels of competency and experience in a particular discipline.
Certification indicates to investors that the opportunity meets a defined quality standard.
Certification instills customer confidence and leads to increased customer satisfaction.
Certification involves a formal course of study that takes close to a year.
Certification involves coursework and testing.
Certification involves filling out a form that describes activities on the farm.
Certification involves laboratory analysis of the product.
Certification involves passing a three hour test.
Certification involves passing an examination and verification of experience.
Certification involves two steps.
Certification is . . .
Certification is a basic requirement to legitimize a road race course.
Certification is a benchmark.
Certification is a big part of our people and skills reengineering efforts.
Certification is a big part of that switch.
Certification is a booming business.
Certification is a challenging and rewarding accomplishment.
Certification is a condition of the continuing employment of all Washington peace officers.
Certification is a credential issued by a credentialing entity to an individual.
Certification is a credible step towards ensuring professional competence.
Certification is a critical step in the achievement of quality and high professional standards.
Certification is a demonstrable flop.
Certification is a federal requirement.
Certification is a form of professional recognition provided an individual .
Certification is a formal means of establishing a professional reputation.
Certification is a high-stakes endeavor.
Certification is a jurisdictional requirement.
Certification is a key ingredient in remaining highly competitive.
Certification is a legal process.
Certification is a lengthy process.
Certification is a mark of excellence and is an investment in individual careers and companies.
Certification is a market-based auditing system that verifies compliance with a number of criteria.
Certification is a marketing advantage for the certified lawyer and the firm.
Certification is a means of measuring and documenting knowledge that is required today.
Certification is a means of providing information to customers.
Certification is a measure of patient care excellence and consumer safety.
Certification is a ministerial act.
Certification is a national exam that sets industry standards.
Certification is a nationally recognized certification for PC technicians.
Certification is a nonstatutory requirement, which distinguishes it from licensure.
Certification is a pinnacle of a foodservice professional's success.
Certification is a pinnacle of food service success.
Certification is a plus.
Certification is a possibility for some roles.
Certification is a private matter, issued by a private organization.
Certification is a process.
Certification is a professional credential for employed ordained and lay church educators.
Certification is a professional development tool created by teachers, for teachers.
Certification is a program for advanced practitioners.
Certification is a requirement of practice in the public arena.
Certification is a sign of experience and good skills.
Certification is a sign of good skills and achievement.
Certification is a sign that plumbers have reached a certain skill level.
Certification is a source of pride for breeders.
Certification is a stamp of approval on skills that the individual already possesses.
Certification is a step backward.
Certification is a straightforward procedure.
Certification is a strong indication that the agents and managers have received proper training.
Certification is a thorny issue.
Certification is a three-step process.
Certification is a time-tested means of measuring a professional's credentials.
Certification is a tool to promote progress in all three areas.
Certification is a tool which helps identify and build a more competent work force.
Certification is a two step process.
Certification is a two-step process involving an associate level and succeeding professional level.
Certification is a two-step process.
Certification is a uniform and commercially practical verification of stated performance claims.
Certification is a voluntary process for individuals.
Certification is a voluntary process.
Certification is a voluntary undertaking of the legal assistant.
Certification is a way for editors to demonstrate competence in various types of editing software.
Certification is a wonderful thing.
Certification is a worthy goal.
Certification is about making progress in that career.
Certification is achieved by passing a multiple choice written examination.
Certification is achieved though a combination of experience and training.
Certification is achieved through investigation of work experience, character and knowledge.
Certification is aimed at assessing an individual's competence in managing projects.
Certification is akin to labeling processed food.
Certification is all the rage in the IT industry at the moment.
Certification is also a factor in assignment decisions for some special duty assignments.
Certification is also a great tool for self-motivation to learn Linux in depth.
Certification is also a priority at ambassador.
Certification is also a priority for small forestry operators, mills and manufacturers.
Certification is also available for individual subjects.
Certification is also available if required.
Certification is also available in early childhood and early childhood special education.
Certification is also available to practicing teachers.
Certification is also available.
Certification is always a plus on a r sum .
Certification is an activity which points out a certain level of reliability.
Certification is an arbitrary and hypocritical exercise.
Certification is an asset in all instances.
Certification is an attainable goal and it provides recognition for individuals who have qualified.
Certification is an euphemism for brained washed fidelity screening.
Certification is an expensive and time-consuming processes.
Certification is an important ingredient to effective, long-term program integration.
Certification is an important issue for camps.
Certification is an important issue for outdoor organizations.
Certification is an important issue.
Certification is an important part of a hospitality career.
Certification is an important step toward career advancement in educational administration.
Certification is an indication of current competence in a specialized practice area.
Certification is an industry-wide recognized and valuable credential.
Certification is an instrument for increasing corporate accountability.
Certification is an objective, standard measurement for professionals in the IT industry.
Certification is an ongoing process.
Certification is an opportunity to grow in faith and technique.
Certification is and was a huge step to get prepared to use the system.
Certification is another area developing well.
Certification is another matter.
Certification is applicable for a one year term and is renewed with an annual certification fee.
Certification is applicable for new awards as well as for non-competing continuations.
Certification is associated with a specific version of a product or device.
Certification is attained by passing one or more certification exams.
Certification is available for many of the courses.
Certification is available for other rebuild kits which meet program requirements.
Certification is available for personal trainers and group fitness instructors.
Certification is available for school social work and chemical dependency.
Certification is available for students who take specific additional courses.
Certification is available from professional associations and adds to one's employability.
Certification is available if required.
Certification is available in a multitude of languages, through several agencies.
Certification is available in adapted physical education and exercise physiology.
Certification is available in elementary and secondary education.
Certification is available in elementary, secondary, and special education.
Certification is available in many areas of practice.
Certification is available in several areas.
Certification is available in several different areas of each.
Certification is available in welding carbon, stainless steel, and aluminum.
Certification is available on all gauges.
Certification is available to all members of the fire service.
Certification is available to all.
Certification is available to become a fathering group leader.
Certification is available to teachers with three years of experience nationwide.
Certification is available to the areas listed below.
Certification is available upon completion of a written test.
Certification is available, with testing two times per year.
Certification is available.
Certification is awarded for a period of three years.
Certification is awarded for two years.
Certification is awarded on satisfactory completion of all three levels.
Certification is awarded only when a company provides proof of competency and quality in operations.
Certification is awarded only with successful completion of final skill and written test.
Certification is awarded only with successful completion of final skills and written test.
Certification is awarded to all who successfully pass examination upon completing the program.
Certification is awarded upon completion of the course.
Certification is awarded upon completion.
Certification is awarded upon passing the final test.
Certification is awarded upon successful completion of the course.
Certification is bad drug policy for three reasons.
Certification is based on a reasonable and prudent visual inspection.
Certification is based on a written exam.
Certification is based on a written test and skill test.
Certification is based on completion of performance objectives and job experience.
Certification is based on education.
Certification is based on enrollment as of today's date.
Certification is based on long-term sustainability of forests.
Certification is based on rolling average accuracy.
Certification is based on successful completion of a course of study.
Certification is based on successful completion of the course.
Certification is based on the premise that there is a right to work.
Certification is based on the successful completion of the specified number of courses.
Certification is based primarily on experience and formal training.
Certification is based upon product sampling and testing and implant quality audits.
Certification is based upon successful completion of technical exams.
Certification is based upon the design of the landscape in support of birds, butterflies, etc.
Certification is by examination and is offered at many sites across the country.
Certification is by examination.
Certification is by no means the end of the road, however.
Certification is calculated the date the form is completed.
Certification is complete and tags available before any distribution.
Certification is completed by completing two open water training dives.
Certification is completed upon client request or as potential violations are investigated.
Certification is compulsory in order to work in the Plumbing trade.
Certification is compulsory.
Certification is conferred upon applicants whose work meets the requirements.
Certification is conferred upon graduation with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Certification is conferred upon successful completion of the examination.
Certification is considered the minimum requirement for entrance into the profession at any level.
Certification is contingent on . . .
Certification is contingent upon meeting established criteria.
Certification is contingent upon successful demonstration of meeting certification criteria.
Certification is critical for increasing insurance coverage.
Certification is currently voluntary.
Certification is delivered at every stage.
Certification is denied.
Certification is designed to be an ongoing process.
Certification is designed to promote and maintain integrity and quality of service.
Certification is designed to promote and maintain integrity and quality.
Certification is desirable.
Certification is determined by a safety inspector in conjunction with the locomotive owner.
Certification is determined by a third-party auditor.
Certification is determined by requirements in the various states.
Certification is done annually.
Certification is done by checking a five generation pedigree of the dog.
Certification is done by deposit date order.
Certification is done by numerous appraisal societies.
Certification is done by written and oral test based on the applicant's knowledge of pediatrics.
Certification is earned by successfully completing a self-study examination.
Certification is earned through the successful completion of a comprehensive written examination.
Certification is easy to verify.
Certification is effective for five years.
Certification is effective for three years.
Certification is evaluated every year to ensure compliance with state standards.
Certification is evidence that standards of knowledge, skill, and experience have been met.
Certification is exclusively the right of only the manufacturer of new slings.
Certification is for a five-year period.
Certification is for a period of five years.
Certification is for a two year period and is renewable.
Certification is for an indefinite period of time.
Certification is for an indefinite period, unless performance problems result in revocation.
Certification is for five years, when recertification is required.
Certification is for individuals only.
Certification is for life.
Certification is for one year.
Certification is for three years and can be renewed.
Certification is for three years.
Certification is for two years.
Certification is free.
Certification is gained through examination and research assignments.
Certification is generally a weekend program.
Certification is generally for one or several related subjects.
Certification is given by a number of nationally recognized certification agencies.
Certification is given for successful completion of the class.
Certification is given for successfully completing the class.
Certification is given upon completion of course assignment.
Certification is given upon confirmation.
Certification is good for five years.
Certification is good for Five years.
Certification is good for life and accepted in all states.
Certification is good for life, unless it is changed or amended by law.
Certification is good for life.
Certification is good for one year.
Certification is good for seven years.
Certification is good for three years.
Certification is good for two years.
Certification is gotten by passing a six part test and meeting the experience requirement.
Certification is granted annually to individual engine families and is good for one model year.
Certification is granted for a period of one year and is renewed annually.
Certification is granted for a two-year period.
Certification is granted for areas of specialization.
Certification is granted for five years.
Certification is granted for program writing.
Certification is granted if the portfolio assessment meets the established criteria.
Certification is granted on a point system and peer reviews.
Certification is granted through a portfolio review at the end of the advanced level.
Certification is granted to qualified laboratories and personnel which meet State requirements.
Certification is granted upon satisfactory completion of the degree program.
Certification is granted.
Certification is guaranteed to companies that qualify.
Certification is held for three years.
Certification is helpful in marketing professional services.
Certification is highly recommended.
Certification is important also.
Certification is important as a tool to get an independent view of systems and plans in place.
Certification is important for travel.
Certification is important for two reasons - safety and insurance.
Certification is important in many industries.
Certification is important.
Certification is in progress in Russia and others.
Certification is in terms of total neutrons produced at the source target.
Certification is in the selected areas only.
Certification is included in cost.
Certification is indeed a classic example of a solution in search of a problem.
Certification is independent of training and education.
Certification is independent, third party verification paid for by the manufacturer.
Certification is is the next rung down the ladder.
Certification is issued for each test conducted upon completion.
Certification is issued upon completion of testing.
Certification is issued upon successful completion of the open water portion of the class.
Certification is just a ploy by vendors to get more education business.
Certification is just one of the requirements for promotion to senior buyer.
Certification is listed on the official college transcript.
Certification is listed on the student transcript.
Certification is long overdue for IFPO members.
Certification is maintained by attendance at regular monthly in-services.
Certification is maintained in five-year cycles.
Certification is maintained through an annual renewal process.
Certification is mandatory in Utah.
Certification is meant to be a badge of significant achievement.
Certification is merely a tool.
Certification is more than an affront to Mexico and to other countries.
Certification is multi-leveled, designed to meet the differing needs of physically disabled divers.
Certification is necessary for equipment rental and air fills.
Certification is necessary in order to protect people from overzealous, inexperienced instructors.
Certification is necessary once every three years.
Certification is necessary to be a court reporter or medical transcriptionist.
Certification is necessary to ensure reliable, accurate, and timely data collection and management.
Certification is needed in each related area.
Certification is no guarantee, but it is a step in the right direction.
Certification is no longer a luxury.
Certification is no measure of ability to perform in the real world.
Certification is nontransferable from one person to another.
Certification is normally a large process, with much delegation and summarization.
Certification is now by examination and academic qualifications.
Certification is now the standard in the computer industry.
Certification is obtained by passing a written examination and review of individual qualifications.
Certification is obtained by training through use of the home-study kit or a classroom course.
Certification is obtained through graduation from an approved program.
Certification is of little value except as a benchmark of experience and knowledge.
Certification is offered by several local, national, and international organizations.
Certification is offered to eligible South Carolina public fire service members at no cost.
Certification is offered to ordained minister members only.
Certification is offered.
Certification is often the sole activity in which the owner of a certification mark is engaged.
Certification is on an individual.
Certification is on record at our offices.
Certification is on record at our producers offices.
Certification is on record at the offices of masstourist advertising.
Certification is on record.
Certification is one method.
Certification is one of the fastest growing technical certifications available.
Certification is one of the highly valued ways to demonstrate that advanced knowledge.
Certification IS one or zero.
Certification is one part of a process called credentialing .
Certification is one part of a process called credentialing.
Certification is one statement of professional commitment to clients.
Certification is only as valuable as the standard it represents, if the standard is maintained.
Certification is only the beginning.
Certification is only the first step.
Certification is open but physical education is preferred.
Certification is open to all doctors of chiropractic.
Certification is open to anyone who wants to take the tests.
Certification is open to lay persons, deacons, diaconal ministers and elders.
Certification is open to licensed attorneys who have been in practice five years or more.
Certification is optional for athletic trainers.
Certification is optional.
Certification is our assurance that our product specifications are in line with our ethics.
Certification is our best chance of getting insurance.
Certification is our guarantee of the highest possible tubing quality and performance.
Certification is our personal and public commitment to the profession of teaching.
Certification is part of an extensive course that is offered by our in-house training department.
Certification is part of the entry form.
Certification is pending.
Certification is perceived as evidence of professionalization.
Certification is permitted in goods and services, construction, and professional services.
Certification is placed in the employee's personnel file.
Certification is possible by special examination upon graduation.
Certification is possible in English, foreign languages, mathematics, science, and social studies.
Certification is practically universal and good progress has been made on auditing.
Certification is preferred.
Certification is prima facie evidence that the costs are reasonable and necessary.
Certification is processed based on clock hours, which can vary from actual credit hours.
Certification is provided after successful completion of a one-day course of instruction.
Certification is provided at seminars and conference meetings.
Certification is provided by independent third party evaluators.
Certification is provided for a period of three years.
Certification is provided to the student upon successful completion of the skills lab.
Certification is provided upon completion of all course content.
Certification is provided upon completion.
Certification is provided with each primary or certified standard mix.
Certification is provided.
Certification is recommended as it is generally a requirement for employment.
Certification is recommended only for products whose extractants are within the allowable levels.
Certification is recommended.
Certification is renewable every three years.
Certification is renewed annually after a review of continuing experience and education.
Certification is renewed every two years for a nominal fee.
Certification is renewed quarterly.
Certification is renewed upon evidence of continuing education and on-going formation.
Certification is representative of the condition of the sample only.
Certification is required annually or any time the hood is moved or has had maintenance performed.
Certification is required at completion of course.
Certification is required before a conditional offer of employment can be made.
Certification is required by federal regulations.
Certification is required by law and mandatory in almost every city and town throughout the country.
Certification is required by law.
Certification is required by many employers for microbiology laboratory technologists.
Certification is required by most states.
Certification is required by the end of spring semester.
Certification is required by the state.
Certification is required for all coaches attending regional and national events.
Certification is required for all investigators on campus and for all key personnel.
Certification is required for certain sewer-treatment plant employees.
Certification is required for consideration of employment applications.
Certification is required for CPAs.
Certification is required for credit.
Certification is required for each of the four years.
Certification is required for each registration.
Certification is required for employment in the British Columbia public school system.
Certification is required for employment with an ambulance company.
Certification is required for most hospital and institution positions.
Certification is required for pesticide handlers.
Certification is required for progression to the next professional year.
Certification is required for some positions.
Certification is required for utilization of the procedure in the clinic.
Certification is required in all public and public academic libraries in the state of Washington.
Certification is required in Europe, India, and other major wind energy markets.
Certification is required in many foodservice management positions.
Certification is required in order for program completion.
Certification is required in order to take leave.
Certification is required of all nursing students.
Certification is required on an annual renewal basis.
Certification is required prior to practicum and internship.
Certification is required prior to the start of the season.
Certification is required prior to using the services.
Certification is required to be listed on the community baby-sitter list.
Certification is required to claim the tax credit.
Certification is required to practice athletic training in most states.
Certification is required to teach in most elementary and secondary schools in the United States.
Certification is required to teach in public schools.
Certification is required upon initial registration.
Certification is required.
Certification is revoked for seven years.
Certification is seen as a way to reduce competition and desaturate the markets.
Certification is separate from the final grade.
Certification is simple and free, and any application can be certified.
Certification is simple and free.
Certification is site-specific.
Certification is term specific.
Certification is that standard.
Certification is the confirmation that one has met a standard.
Certification is the first step in the process to obtain homologation.
Certification is the formal approval of a document by a person in a position of authority.
Certification is the hallmark of a professional auditor.
Certification is the highest form of professional recognition an estimator can receive.
Certification is the key ingredient for increasing knowledge, credibility, and professionalism.
Certification is the key to enhanced professional stature.
Certification is the key to success.
Certification is the mark of a professional.
Certification is the missing evaluation component.
Certification is the most common.
Certification is the nationally recognized credential for computer service technicians.
Certification is the other.
Certification is the professional credential in dental technology.
Certification is the suggested goal for all members.
Certification is the third party endorsement of an individual's expertise.
Certification is their key to large settlements.
Certification is time limited for a maximum period of ten years.
Certification is to be delivered with the tickets to the office requesting tickets.
Certification is to ensure high standards and competent instructors.
Certification is used as a hiring standard by some governmental employers.
Certification is used for identification and routing purposes.
Certification is useful for that.
Certification is usually independent of the processes of design and procurement.
Certification is usually just another term for licensing or registration.
Certification is valid for a period of four years from the date of issuance.
Certification is valid for a period of three years.
Certification is valid for five years.
Certification is valid for four years.
Certification is valid for life but requires registration renewal every five years.
Certification is valid for one year and can be extended with an annual inspection.
Certification is valid for one year.
Certification is valid for six months from the date of certification.
Certification is valid for six weeks following the release of a major software update.
Certification is valid for three years after the issue date.
Certification is valid for three years and is easily renewable.
Certification is valid for three years and is renewable.
Certification is valid for three years from the certification date.
Certification is valid for three years from the test date.
Certification is valid for three years.
Certification is valid for two years with possibility of renewal after that time.
Certification is valid for two years.
Certification is valid one calendar year from the initial date of certification.
Certification is valid only for a single location.
Certification is valid only for the named sponsor originally certified.
Certification is valuable because it can demonstrate knowledge and experience.
Certification is valuable to everyone in industry.
Certification is verification of that proficiency.
Certification is very important for safety, insurability, and revenue use.
Certification is very important in the field of massage.
Certification is very important.
Certification is viewed by the business community and the industry as a seal of excellence.
Certification is viewed simply as one of many variables useful to becoming successful.
Certification is voluntary.
Certification is where the future is.
Certification is within a certain paradigm that everyone is under right now.
Certification lasts five years.
Certification lasts for three years.
Certification leads to a U.S. embargo on trade in certain animal products from that country.
Certification leads to an educational environment that is conducive to learning.
Certification legislates mediocrity.
Certification lends credibility to the individual.
Certification makes good sense.
Certification makes it easier to comply with the law.
Certification makes it easier to identify established producers.
Certification makes sense and gives a special niche to make marketing even easier.
Certification marks endorse products and certify approval of their origin, quality, or authenticity.
Certification marks the professionals who are specialists in alcohol and other drug abuse fields.
Certification means absolutely nothing coming under the current conditions.
Certification means certifying individuals as environmental practitioners.
Certification means flexibility.
Certification means more opportunity and more money.
Certification means peer recognition and membership in an elite industry group.
Certification means professional advancement and opportunity for students.
Certification means success .
Certification means that seed has met the minimum standards of the state from which it is purchased.
Certification means that the entire requirement has been met.
Certification means that the facility meets some certain minimum health, safety and care standards.
Certification means that the system counted all test ballots accurately.
Certification means the director needs certain minimum education, experience and skill requirements.
Certification needs to be done on an individual basis.
Certification never means that the person knows anything.
Certification notes on plats and plans.
Certification notices from comm.
Certification occurs at the next regularly scheduled meeting.
Certification occurs only upon student request to the transcript department.
Certification offers a method of increasing credibility through a national standard of excellence.
Certification offers a program of planned production whereby desirable genetic purity is maintained.
Certification offers an approach to the independent validation of systems.
Certification offers greater professional recognition from peers .
Certification offers greater professional recognition from peers.
Certification offers industry-wide recognition of an individual's knowledge and skills.
Certification offers structured, reliable evidence of Internet skills competency.
Certification only provides the consumer with more information about a practitioner.
Certification opens doors to expanded opportunities for qualified candidates.
Certification opens doors to speaking engagements including universities.
Certification opens the door to advancement opportunities to supervisory and managerial positions.
Certification plays a role in compensation.
Certification plays a role in hiring decisions within many organizations.
Certification presumes that an activity is permitted by right.
Certification promotes consumer confidence and encourages expansion.
Certification protects consumers from fraud.
Certification protects students due process involving contract issues.
Certification protects the public by enabling anyone to identify competent people more readily.
Certification proves a base level of competence and a productivity advantage.
Certification proves applicants' skills.
Certification proves it.
Certification provides a link between the individual and the professional community.
Certification provides a mechanism for linking consumers and producers in the marketplace.
Certification provides a recognized industry credential.
Certification provides a security blanket.
Certification provides an extra measure of credibility within and outside the profession.
Certification provides career enhancement opportunities.
Certification provides credibility, recognition of achievement, and quality assurance.
Certification provides credibility.
Certification provides employers with a standard measure for hiring.
Certification provides employment opportunities.
Certification provides for greater earnings potential .
Certification provides for greater earnings potential.
Certification provides huge benefits to participants seeking a job in the computer industry.
Certification provides internationally recognized credentials to current and prospective employers.
Certification provides job opportunities in private and public health service hospitals.
Certification provides many valuable benefits for fitness and clinical professionals alike.
Certification provides national and international recognition.
Certification provides recognizable professional status.
Certification provides the experience and visibility needed to suceed in the IT industry.
Certification provides valuable formal recognition of the skills of a chef or cook.
Certification puts professionals on a certain level before they are tested for hands on skills.
Certification recognizes culinary education and professional expertise.
Certification recognizes individuals only.
Certification recognizes their outstanding achievements as holistic nurse practitioners.
Certification recognizing successful completion of the program is provided by the university.
Certification refers to an individual's qualification to teach.
Certification reflects achievement .
Certification reflects achievement and establishes professional credentials.
Certification reflects achievement.
Certification reinforces the professional image of the ophthalmic medical assisting career.
Certification remains an option that members can pursue, if they so choose.
Certification remains valid for approximately two years.
Certification remains valid for three years.
Certification remains with the individuals regardless of current employment status or location.
Certification -Reply too many to list here.
Certification reports typically emphasize what is seen during visual field inspections.
Certification reports, replicas furnished.
Certification represents dedication to the highest level of professionalism in patient care.
Certification requires a master's degree in Art Therapy.
Certification requires a site visit to ensure compliance with standards.
Certification requires additional education and training.
Certification requires additional participation in four open water training dives.
Certification requires an annual update .
Certification requires an intro course plus seven four-hour days of training.
Certification requires an uncertified vernal pool.
Certification requires at least two semesters of involvement, one as a trainee and one as a trainer.
Certification requires at least two years of college in a state approved training facility.
Certification requires both experience working with young children and specific education.
Certification requires completion of both class and field instruction.
Certification requires consistency in both management and resources to support management.
Certification requires coursework and an internship.
Certification requires demonstrated proficiency in certain competencies.
Certification requires education at the post secondary level in nursing and midwifery.
Certification requires education at the post-secondary level in midwifery and health services.
Certification requires four consecutive workshops.
Certification requires passing both of the first two, and one of the distribution-specific exams.
Certification requires passing two exams.
Certification requires producers to demonstrate competency by written exam and continuing education.
Certification requires proof of completion of a state approved child abuse education program.
Certification requires several years farm experience and the appropriate academic background.
Certification requires some deft balancing of courses within some tight time constraints.
Certification requires specialized knowledge and advanced clinical proficiency in pediatrics.
Certification requires specific education and experience and an examination in planning.
Certification requires successful completion of all academic requirements and fieldwork experiences.
Certification requires successful completion of an extensive list of courses and experiences.
Certification requires successful completion of the state of Illinois certification examinations.
Certification requires successful completion of the state of lllinois certification examination.
Certification requires successful completion of the state of lllinois certification examinations.
Certification requires that a student take and pass a brief multiple choice quiz.
Certification requires the completion of ALL training components.
Certification requires three years.
Certification requires two forms to become formally admitted to the certification program.
Certification rests in several categories, primarily that of strength of curriculum.
Certification rests on a common-sense moral claim.
Certification runs start the second day.
Certification s ready.
Certification saves time, energy, and resources and helps build a cooperative judicial federalism.
Certification seems to have done nothing to reduce cultivation, processing, transportation or use.
Certification sends the wrong message to governments in Latin America.
Certification takes at least three weeks.
Certification tends to occur every six months.
Certification thus gives access to bargaining.
Certification undoubtedly brings problems - but so does absence of certification.
Certification upholds the integrity of the entire profession.
Certification validates the knowledge and best practices required from DBAs.
Certification validates wildlife habitat projects to employees as well as the community at large.
Certifications accompany all diamond purchases.
Certifications also look good on a resume.
Certifications are a bonus.
Certifications are a plus.
Certifications are a solid investment.
Certifications are all the rage.
Certifications are also available for doors and frames constructed with intumescent.
Certifications are authorization.
Certifications are available both for the database administrators and programmers.
Certifications are available in English, history and science.
Certifications are available in science, mathematics, drafting and guidance.
Certifications are available in seventeen career specialties.
Certifications are available on request.
Certifications are currently underway in four states.
Certifications are due quarterly.
Certifications are for losers.
Certifications are intensive two day programs.
Certifications are necessary for plan approval.
Certifications are nothing more than a way to test a specific knowledge set.
Certifications are one of the few ways that the public can accurately comparison shop for a diamond.
Certifications are preferred.
Certifications are situations.
Certifications are to be obtained within one year.
Certifications are valid for a period of three years.
Certifications are valid for at least three years.
Certifications are valid for three years from the passing date of the examination.
Certifications are valid for three years from the time of issuance.
Certifications are valid for three years.
Certifications are valid for two years.
Certifications can be a sub-section of education.
Certifications can be worthless in such a weeding out process.
Certifications can rely on manufacturers or third parties, as approved by the director.
Certifications ensure that employees have the skills necessary for the task at hand.
Certifications Find out more about the ICML's certification requirements, types and what to study.
Certifications generally apply to teachers only.
Certifications illustrate a teacher's dedication to a particular discipline.
Certifications really sound good in a sales pitch to sell puppies, but they mean nothing.
Certifications relate to issues such as maintaining a drug-free workplace.
Certifications remain valid for two years.
Certifications require four consecutive comparisons against a primary flow calibrator.
Certifications seem like an easier target to criticize.
Certifications serve the yoga consumer well in helping select a school or teacher.
Certifications vary by type and industry.
Certification always includes on-site inspection of the production operation.
Certification often means employment as an instructor.
Certification often serves as a quantifiable, objective measure of skills.
Certification usually extends beyond a limited geographic area to national or international regions.
Certification usually leads to increased career opportunities and significant pay raises.
Certification usually occurs from four to six weeks from the date of application.
Certification usually requires educational development, experience in the field and passing an exam.
All certification applicants only complete the following.
All certification is traceable through national standards.
All certifications are valid for one year.
All certifications are valid for two years.
All certifications require documentation of a high school diploma or equivalent.
All certifications undergo independent peer review before issuance.
Any certification is acceptable on flours without oil.
Many certifications are in very short supply while the demand remains high.
Most certifications are valid for only two years.
Most certifications deal mainly in theory.
Most certifications listed below require an examination for a fee at scheduled sites.
Most certifications take longer to register.
Some certifications are branch specific.
Some certifications thus function like degrees.
Certified adults prepare teens to teach young people about living a tobacco-free lifestyle.
Certified applicators have no reporting requirements under the regulations.
Certified candidate has the knowledge to successfully bring in projects on time and under budget.
Certified districts are eligible for tax credits and incentives.
Certified documentation is required for all name changes, except misspellings.
Certified documentation is required.
Certified drivers are available.
Certified drivers are out.
Certified forestry is a marvelous but imperfect concept.
Certified herds are exempt from pre entry test requirements.
Certified inspectors ensure critical customer specifications are met at each stage of production.
Certified inspectors perform site evaluations and inspections in Kentucky.
Certified instructions teach practical, tested skills that any woman can learn.
Certified instructor has several years of experience.
Certified instructor leads walks through various nature trails.
Certified jurisdictions agree to enforce program requirements.
Certified laboratories perform the analyses used to support a no further action letter.
Certified lifeguards are always on duty for safety and assistance.
Certified lifeguards are always on duty.
Certified lifeguards are on duty at all times.
Certified lifeguards are on duty for a safe, but fun swim.
Certified lifeguards are on duty when the pool is open.
Certified lifeguards are on duty.
Certified lifeguards are there to make it safe.
Certified lifeguards maintain the safety of the pool.
Certified lifeguards staff the pool.
Certified lifeguards supervise all aquatic activities.
Certified lifeguards supervise the recreational swimming at the six-lane indoor pool.
Certified mail is also highly recommended.
Certified mail is available for domestic mail only.
Certified mail is available for use within the United States only.
Certified mail is best.
Certified mail is costly and time-consuming.
Certified mail is dispatched and handled in transit as ordinary mail.
Certified mail is handled as ordinary first class mail.
Certified mail is satisfactory if the receipt is returned.
Certified mail provides evidence of mailing and a record of delivery.
Certified mail provides proof of mailing and delivery of mail.
Certified mail provides the best method for obtaining evidence of receipt.
Certified mail seems to be helpful for a lengthy survey.
Certified material is purchased and verified through analysis to meet customer specifications.
Certified mechanics are on duty for fast repair of major or minor mechanical problems.
Certified modems is now ready for retail distribution.
Certified operations pay annual program fees to FSC for use of the logo.
Certified seed ensures varietal purity and proven performance.
Certified seed is available for most recommended crops.
Certified seed is available.
Certified seed is inspected by professionals and considered to meet certain strict standards.
Certified seed is labeled with a blue tag.
Certified seed is produced from foundation, registered, certified, or other approved seed stocks.
Certified seed is recommended because anthracnose is primarily spread through infected seed.
Certified seed is recommended.
Certified seed is sold to growers for typical production and processing.
Certified seed is the best source of disease-free plants.
Certified seed is the last stage, which actually reaches to a farmer.
Certified seed is the only way to guarantee the correct variety.
Certified seed is the planting stock recommended for commercial production.
Certified seed offers the best assurance of quality.
Certified seed provides correct variety identity and assures varietal purity.
Certified staff are available to evaluate children who are referred for special placement.
Certified staff is underrepresented on the committee.
Certified staff needs to design and guide the activities of para educators.
Certified staff receive ongoing training.
Certified teachers are able to share their best practices with other teachers.
Certified teachers are available at all times to help the students.
Certified teachers are available to provide assistance.
Certified teachers are integral to the educational process.
Certified teachers are just the beginning.
Certified teachers are responsible for all educational programs.
Certified teachers inspire children to develop positive attitudes toward life and learning.
Certified teachers provide instruction and materials and are available for follow-up consultation.
Certified teachers provide instruction in the home or other mutually agreed upon site.
Certified teachers pursue the degree for professional development.
Certified teachers undergo three years of rigorous training at a school approved by the society.
Certified teachers work individually with students providing assistance and encouragement.
Certified teachers work with children on the acquisition of developmental and academic skills.
Certified technicians are leaders in the drive for excellence in automotive repair.
Certified technicians are on-site to handle all component repairs.
Certified technicians offer unmatched quality and quick turn-around.
Certified technicians perform all inspections.
Certified technicians perform preventative maintenance and resolve problems on covered equipment.
Certified technicians provide screening, referrals and follow-up.
Certified technologists provide comprehensive diagnostic testing in a state of the art laboratory.
Certified trail follows the lake shore southward from the picnic area.
Certified wood is a wonderful addition to the building.
Certified wood is actually wood that has been harvested from a well managed forest.
Certified wood is also available for home-improvement projects like kitchen cabinets and flooring.
Certify coaches make differences.
Some certify copies have seals.
Certify midwifes assist families.
Certify midwifes provide care.
Certify midwifes treat pregnant women.
Certify midwifes treat women.
Certify nurse midwifes provide care.
Certify nurse midwifes treat pregnant women.
Certify nurse midwifes treat women.
Certify technicians understand behavior.
Certify technicians understand fire behavior.
Most certifying exams are at least two days long and cover a lot of information.
Certin cities invest a great deal of man power, money, and time to art.
Certiorari review is deferential and limited in scope.
Cerulean warbler is a specialty bird that nests here.
Cerulean warblers are found in mixed-species foraging flocks when wintering in South America.
Cerulean warblers eat insects.
Cerulean warblers have short tails, and relatively long, pointed wings.
Cerulean warblers produce only one brood per year.
A cerulean is blue
Cerulean carries original pieces in oil, acrylic and works on paper.
Cerulean seems to be well-positioned to take advantage of that condition.
Ceruloplasm levels are low.
Cerumen also contains lysozyme, an antibacterial enzyme capable of destroying bacterial cell walls.
Cerumen can build up in the ear for a number of reasons.
Cerumen impaction in the elderly.
Cerumen is also slightly acidic, which helps further discourage bacterial growth.
Cerumen is an insect repellant and a waterproofing agent.
Cerumen is nature's way of keeping the ear canals clean.
Cerumen is produced by eccrine glands in the lateral portion of the external auditory canal.
Cerumen is produced in the outer third of the cartilaginous portion of the ear canal.
Cerumen is produced in the outer third of the cartilaginous portion of the human ear canal.
A cerussite is a mineral
Cerussite is a lead carbonate found in virtually every mining district in the state.
Cervical biopsies are mandatory to rule out carcinoma of the cervix.
Cervical cancer patients show evidence.
Cervical cancer appears to be connected with sexual activity, particularly penetrative sex with men.
Cervical cancer arises from cells on the opening of the womb and usually is a preventable disease.
Cervical cancer begins in the lining of the cervix.
Cervical cancer can affect any woman who is or has been sexually active.
Cervical cancer can affect any woman who is, or has been, sexually active.
Cervical cancer can develop any woman who is or who has been sexually active.
Cervical cancer develops at the mouth or neck of the womb.
Cervical cancer develops in the neck of the uterus.
Cervical cancer develops once the abnormal cells extend beyond the full thickness of the skin.
Cervical cancer develops slowly and begins with the appearance of abnormal cervical cells.
Cervical cancer develops slowly.
Cervical cancer has epidemiologic similarities to venereal disease.
Cervical cancer is a cancer affecting the cervix.
Cervical cancer is a common cancer among Chinese women and most cases are incurable.
Cervical cancer is a common cancer in women.
Cervical cancer is a disease in which cancer cells are found in the tissue of the cervix.
Cervical cancer is a disease that develops only after a number of years in the pre-cancer stage.
Cervical cancer is a malignant growth of the cervix.
Cervical cancer is a preventable cancer through early detection.
Cervical cancer is a sexually transmitted disease caused by the human papillomavirus.
Cervical cancer is a sexually transmitted disease.
Cervical cancer is a tumour of the cervix.
Cervical cancer is a very preventable form of cancer in women.
Cervical cancer is a very slow growing cancer.
Cervical cancer is also prevalent among women who live on the reservation.
Cervical cancer is an extremely common disease.
Cervical cancer is another of the main killers of women in South Africa.
Cervical cancer is caused by a virus, the human papaloma virus.
Cervical cancer is common in Zambia among the sexually active young women.
Cervical cancer is curable when treated early.
Cervical cancer is diseases.
Cervical cancer is even harder to study than breast cancer.
Cervical cancer is highly curable if it is found at an early stage.
Cervical cancer is increased in the partners of uncircumcised men.
Cervical cancer is known to be related to human papilloma virus, a sexually transmitted agent.
Cervical cancer is mainly a concern among younger women.
Cervical cancer is now preventable, treatable and curable.
Cervical cancer is one of the few cancers that can be treated before it develops.
Cervical cancer is one of the few cancers where screening detects pre-cancerous lesions.
Cervical cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer deaths worldwide.
Cervical cancer is one of the most common cancers affecting women.
Cervical cancer is one of the most common cancers among women.
Cervical cancer is one of the most common cancers in women.
Cervical cancer is one of the most common female cancers in the United States.
Cervical cancer is one of the most common forms of cancer in America.
Cervical cancer is one of the most common lethal malignancies of young women.
Cervical cancer is one of the most common types of cancer worldwide, and one of the most treatable.
Cervical cancer is one of the most preventable cancers there is.
Cervical cancer is one of the only types of cancer that is preventable.
Cervical cancer is present more often in contraceptive pill users than nonusers.
Cervical cancer is probably one of the most common cancers to affect the female reproduction organs.
Cervical cancer is second to breast cancer as the most common malignancy.
Cervical cancer is still the leading cause of cancer deaths in women in many third world countries.
Cervical cancer is still the leading cause of cancer deaths worldwide.
Cervical cancer is the eleventh most common cancer among Canadian women.
Cervical cancer is the fifth leading cause of death from cancer in women.
Cervical cancer is the leading cancer killer of women in developing countries.
Cervical cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths among women in the developing world.
Cervical cancer is the leading cause of cancer morbidity and mortality in women globally.
Cervical cancer is the leading cause of mortality in the developing world.
Cervical cancer is the most common cancer diagnosed in women.
Cervical cancer is the most common female cancer worldwide.
Cervical cancer is the most common malignancy causing tissue invasion by eosinophils.
Cervical cancer is the number one malignancy, now closely followed by breast cancer.
Cervical cancer is the only gynecologic malignancy that can be prevented by regular screening.
Cervical cancer is the presence of malignant cancer cells in the cervix of the uterus.
Cervical cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death world wide in women.
Cervical cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women worldwide.
Cervical cancer is the second most common cancer among women after breast cancer.
Cervical cancer is the second most common cancer in women worldwide .
Cervical cancer is the second most common cancer of the female reproductive system.
Cervical cancer is the second most common cause of cancer-related deaths in women worldwide.
Cervical cancer is the second most common form of cancer among women on a world-wide basis.
Cervical cancer is the second most common form of cancer for women worldwide.
Cervical cancer is the second most common form of cancer in women.
Cervical cancer is the second most common malignancy found in women.
Cervical cancer is the second most common reproductive cancer in women.
Cervical cancer is the second most common type of cancer in women worldwide, after breast cancer.
Cervical cancer is the second most diagnosed cancer in women worldwide.
Cervical cancer is the second most important cancer in women after breast cancer.
Cervical cancer is the sixth most common type of female cancer in the United States.
Cervical cancer is the tenth leading cause of death from cancer in women.
Cervical cancer is the third most common gynecological cancer.
Cervical cancer is the third most common gynecological malignancy of the pelvis.
Cervical cancer is three times more common in poor women than in the most affluent.
Cervical cancer is treatable and often curable, especially when diagnosed in the early stages.
Cervical cancer is, in the main, easy to diagnose and early treatment is almost always successful.
Cervical cancer presents epidemiological similarities to venereal diseases.
Cervical cancer ranks as the second-most common cancer in women worldwide.
Cervical cancer remains a major public health concern.
Cervical cancer remains and important cause of cancer morbidity and mortality among women.
Cervical cancer starts out in a few cells, but gradually grows in size.
Cervical cancer takes about a decade to spread to life-threatening levels.
Cervical cancer takes about ten years to go from the early stages to full-blown disease.
Cervical cancer takes time to develop into a deadly disease.
Cervical cancers are generally of stratified squamous origin.
Cervical cancers can spread by way of the lymphatic system .
Cervical cancers can spread by way of the lymphatic system.
Cervical cancers start as an abnormality of the cells on the surface of the cervix.
Most cervical cancers are squamous cell carcinomas and adenocarcinomas.
Most cervical cancers are squamous cell carcinomas.
Most cervical cancers grow slowly over several years and often are preceded by abnormal cells.
A cervical cap is a contraceptive
Cervical cap is a small cap made of soft rubber.
Cervical cap is like the diaphragm but is smaller.
Cervical caps are available in only four sizes.
Cervical caps are contraceptives.
Cervical caps are similar, but are much smaller.
Cervical caps are smaller and fit more tightly to the cervix than does a diaphragm.
Cervical caps are smaller.
Cervical carcinoma is a major health care problem in industrialised countries.
Cervical carcinoma is a malignant tumor that poses a serious threat to women's health and survival.
Cervical carcinoma is the most common malignant tumor among woman in Paraguay.
Cervical collapse occurs during inhalation and intrathoracic collapse occurs during exhalation.
Cervical collars are nonreturnable and nonrefundable .
Cervical cytology is completed to rule out cervical cancer.
Cervical damage is another leading cause of long term complications following abortion.
Cervical disease is usually the result of metastasis.
Cervical dislocation is acceptable only in chickens and small turkeys.
Cervical dysplasia can be the first step in the development of cervical cancer.
Cervical dysplasia describes the entire range of possibilities for abnormal growth.
Cervical dysplasia is a step between a normal cervix and cervical cancer.
Cervical dysplasia is a term used to describe abnormal cervical cells.
Cervical dysplasia is abnormal cell growth on the cervix.
Cervical dysplasia is an abnormal growth of cells on the cervix.
Cervical dysplasia is an abnormal growth of the cells of the cervix.
Cervical dysplasia is classified as either mild, moderate, or severe.
Cervical dysplasia is considered to be a pre-cancerous condition.
Cervical dysplasia is when there are abnormal cells growing in the cervix that are pre-cancerous.
Cervical dysplasia means disordered growth.
Cervical erosion is treated by minor surgery.
Cervical exam is done at one hour.
Cervical fluid is initially dry after menstruation, then becomes wet and similar to raw egg white.
Cervical fluid is produced at the cervix, throughout the entire cycle.
Cervical fluid is to the woman what seminal fluid is to the man.
Cervical mucus can become hostile to the sperm as a result of infections, trauma or antibodies.
Cervical mucus is a poor indicator of transformation zone material.
Cervical mucus is colonized by sperm that are stored for several hours in cervical crypts.
Cervical mucus is defined as secretions that fill the opening of the cervix.
Cervical mucus is difficult to influence.
Cervical mucus is important for the sperm to enter the cervix and the uterus.
Cervical mucus is nature's way of helping a man's sperm reach a woman's egg.
Cervical mucus is placed on a slide and quickly spread out in all directions to a very thin layer.
Cervical mucus is produced by the secretory cells of the cervical mucosa.
Cervical mucus is scant, but noticeable.
Cervical mucus is stimulated by estrogen to become thin, clear, and stretchable.
Cervical mucus is thin, watery, copious, slippery during the days immediately before ovulation.
Cervical mucus plays an important role in helping women get pregnant.
Cervical neoplasia shows up as lesions that can be a precursor to cervical cancer.
Cervical nodes are tender.
Cervical os is open.
Cervical palpation is negative.
Cervical papillae are present near the rear level of the nerve ring.
Cervical patients are more variable in their response.
Cervical pillow provides support and relief to the neck and upper back.
Cervical pillows are usually most comfortable for people used to thick pillows.
Cervical polyp is a growth of tissue in the cervix.
Cervical polyps are growths, rather like grapes, that generally extend from the mouth of the cervix.
Cervical ridges are the height of contour at the gingival, on certain deciduous and permanent teeth.
Cervical secretions facilitate the transport of semen into the upper female genital tract.
Cervical sections tend to be wide and squashed looking, like an oval.
A cervical smear is a specimen
Cervical smears are available, along with advice on contraception and breast examination.
Cervical smears obtained during routine annual pelvic examinations undergo cytological examination.
Cervical spine is absent or reduced to small tubercle.
Cervical spine shows loss of normal cervical lordosis suggesting muscular spasm.
Cervical stenosis can happen from any cervical trauma, and after menopause from atrophy.
Cervical surgery can produce great problems.
Cervical thymus is a rare malformation.
Cervical vertebrae are elongate, but poorly illustrated.
Cervical vertebrae facilitate the mobility of the head.
Cervical vertigo is a sensation of dizziness related to musculoskeletal neck injury from whiplash.
A cervid is a ruminant
Cervids also communicate through a variety of hormone and pheromone signals.
Cervids also use visual communication, known as scraping.
Cervids are an important food source for many predators throughout their geographic range.
Cervids are split-hoofed mammals with no incisor teeth in the front of the upper jaw.
Cervids are the only mammals habing antlers.
Cervids lack upper incisors and instead have a hard palate.
Cervids living in temperate zones typically breed during late autumn or early winter.
Cervids typically lack one premolar in both their deciduous and adult set of teeth.
All cervids are obligate herbivores with diets including grass, small shrubs, and leaves.
A cervix is an orifice
Cervix begins to dilate, allowing water sac to protrude.
Cervix isa body part.
Cervix opens and thins with contractions.
Cervixes connect uteruses.
Cervixes have (part) corpi.
Cervixes have strong thick walls.
Cervixes have thick walls.
Cervixes have walls.
Most cervixes connect uteruses.
Most cervixes have strong thick walls.
Most cervixes have thick walls.
Most cervixes have walls.
Some cervixes are part of uteruses.
Some cervixes are part of wombs.
Some cervixes have circles.
Some cervixes produce cervical fluid.
Some cervixes produce fluid.
Cesarean babies have a greater chance of developing respiratory problems.
Cesarean births generate much higher fees and require twice the length of hospitalization.
Many cesarean births are due to doctors trying to avoid being sued.
Cesarean childbirth is safe.
A cesarean delivery is an obstetrical delivery
Cesarean deliveries are deliveries.
Cesarean deliveries are more costly than vaginal deliveries and require longer hospital stays.
Cesarean delivery is deferred until the fetus is mature, or until dangerous bleeding develops.
Cesarean delivery is necessary to save the jill's life.
Cesarean delivery is the most common major surgical procedure performed in Florida hospitals.
A cesarean section is an obstetrical delivery
Cesarean section appears beneficial but the true effect is unknown because the data are inadequate.
Cesarean section are three to four times more likely for pregnant women with diabetes.
Cesarean section carries a greater risk of death than do vaginal deliveries.
Cesarean section increase many of the risks to mothers and babies .
Cesarean section is considered the only mode of delivery.
Cesarean section is discussed.
Cesarean section is the method of choice for delivery in cases of a major degree of placenta previa.
Cesarean section is the most common operation in America.
Cesarean section is the preferred method for delivery.
Cesarean sections are very risky for guinea pigs and the survival rate for the mother is poor.
Cesarean surgery inhibits women from breastfeeding for several reasons.
A cesarean is an obstetrical delivery
Cesareans are a possibility for all pregnant women, no matter how small the chances.
A cesarian section is an obstetrical delivery
Cesarian section can be an effective adjunct to antiretroviral therapy.
Cesky terriers love company and get on very well with each other, and other breeds.
Most CESL students enroll at U.S. universities and colleges after completion of the program.
Cessation isa happening.
Cessation isa occurrence.
Cessations have effects.
Cession is a conclusion
Cessions differ according to class of business.
Cession usually occurs as part of the peace settlement following war.
A cesspool is a cistern
Cesspools are a serious potential source of groundwater contamination and a definite safety hazard.
Cesspools are acceptable if there are no signs of malfunction and in accordance with local codes.
A cestode is a platyhelminth
Cestode larvae from several species can regenerate themselves from cut regions.
Cestode parasites from some Nepalese mountain shrews.
Cestodes are more complex.
Cestodes are the most highly specialized of the flatworms.
Cestodes produce an egg.
All cestodes are endoparasites.
Most cestodes are very elongate and flattened, with some attaining staggering proportions.
Most cestodes have multiple proglottids or are polyzoic.
Cetacean eyes are set on the sides rather than the front of the head.
Cetacean families seem to love Maui vacations, too.
Cetacean sightings are infrequent off the Sussex coast.
Some cetacean spouts are low and bushy, some are very tall.
A cetacean is an aquatic mammal
Cetacean sounds library.
Cetaceans also lack hair as adults.
Cetaceans appear to possess self-awareness.
Cetaceans are aquatic mammals.
Cetaceans are conscious breathers.
Cetaceans are found in all oceans.
Cetaceans are generally uncommon except along the edges of the region where deeper waters are found.
Cetaceans are great divers.
Cetaceans are highly intelligent mammals.
Cetaceans are just big fish to many Caribbean fishers.
Cetaceans are mammals live completely in the water.
Cetaceans are mammals that live their entire lives in the water.
Cetaceans are mammals, but they only have a few hairs on their bodies.
Cetaceans are mammals, who through evolution returned back to the water from land.
Cetaceans are marine mammals that are well-adapted for living in water.
Cetaceans are marine mammals with a torpedo-shaped, virtually hairless, body.
Cetaceans are noted for their play behavior, seemingly pleasurable activities with no serious goal.
Cetaceans are ocean mammals, including whales and dolphins.
Cetaceans are placental mammals.
Cetaceans are sea mammals.
Cetaceans are the group of mammals that includes the whales, dolphins, and porpoises.
Cetaceans are the only animals other than the elephant to have a brain larger than a human.
Cetaceans are the order of marine mammals that includes all whales, dolphins and porpoises.
Cetaceans are truly the caretakers of the Earth.
Cetaceans are two to three times as efficient at removing oxygen from inhaled air.
Cetaceans are warm blooded, air breathing mammals .
Cetaceans are whales and dolphins.
Cetaceans are whales, dolphins and porpoises.
Cetaceans can be enormous, like the blue whale, or tiny, like some species of porpoise.
Cetaceans comprise all whales, porpoises, and dolphins.
Cetaceans differ greatly in their appearance, distribution, and behavior.
Cetaceans have an enigmatic evolutionary history of re-invading aquatic habitats.
Cetaceans have hair on their snouts as a fetus.
Cetaceans have long torpedo-shaped bodies and tails that end in flukes.
Cetaceans have lungs and come to the surface to breathe air, like other mammals and unlike fish.
Cetaceans have lungs, meaning they breathe air.
Cetaceans have many unique features.
Cetaceans have powerful hearts.
Cetaceans have similar penises.
Cetaceans have the advantage of having the blowhole on top of the head.
Cetaceans live in all of the oceans and many of the major rivers of the world.
Cetaceans live in the sea with other groups of animals and they can reach large dimensions.
Cetaceans live, breed, rest, and carry out all of their life functions in the water.
Cetaceans never leave the water, even to give birth.
Cetaceans show less definitive behavior of self-awareness, because they have no pointing ability.
Cetaceans spend their lives in the wayer, some live in family groups called pods.
Cetaceans spend their whole lives in water and even give birth there.
Cetaceans swim by moving their flukes up and down in the water.
Cetaceans tend to live in social groups and have relatively large brains.
Cetaceans use blowholes, still another mechanism, to produce controlled vocalization.
Cetaceans use the total geomagnetic field of the Earth as a map.
Cetaceans usually bear one calf.
Cetaceans usually initiate expiration prior to the blowholes breaking the surface.
All cetaceans are social animals.
All cetaceans are warm-blooded, meaning they regulate their own body temperatures.
Many cetaceans can dive for extended periods of time to great depths.
Many cetaceans can dive for long periods and to great depths.
Most cetaceans have a prominent upper jaw in front of the eyes.
Most cetaceans swim faster under water.
Some cetaceans are the only animals other than elephants that have a brain larger than man's.
Some cetaceans grow to be very large.
Some cetaceans seem to enjoy human music.
Some cetaceans spend their lives in freshwater rivers and lakes.
CEW counselors recommend student-parents for fund assistance as a result of counseling sessions.
CEW moths are yellowisholive in color with a dark spot on the forewing.
CF cards are one-fourth the size and provide two times the shock resistance of a standard PC card.
CF cards are removable for use in other devices such as digital cameras and safe storage.
CF cards are the size of a matchbook and weigh approximately one-half ounce.
CF cards consume only five percent of the power required by small disk drives.
CF cards weigh a half ounce and are the size of a matchbook.
CF cards weigh about half an ounce and are approximately the size of a book of matches.
CF affects children and diagnosis is usually made before the age of three years.
CF affects mainly the lungs and the digestive system.
CF affects people in a lot of different ways.
CF allows users to modify and adjust the input and set up various scenarios quickly and efficiently.
CF also publishes a yearbook.
CF are climate and organisms.
CF are parent material.
CF can be a somewhat variable disease.
CF can cause various other medical problems.
CF can function like an alcoholic in the family.
CF causes a slow and painful build-up of thick, sticky mucus in the lungs.
CF causes the body to produce an abnormally thick, sticky mucus.
CF impairs a child s ability to breathe and digest food normally.
CF indicates crop failure.
CF is active in raising funds to promote research on causes and treatments of cystinosis.
CF is present at birth.
CF kills more children and young adults than any other inherited disease.
CF offers guaranteed service to all direct points in Canada, Mexico and the United States.
CF offers less variety but provides a very cheap way to add almost unlimited memory to the Palm.
CF organises seminars and debates on engineering topics.
CF organizes small business town meetings.
CF primarily affects the respiratory and digestive systems in children and young adults.
CF produces mainly heat which can be used as is or converted into electricity.
CF provides a simple, rapid measure of plant response to environmental conditions.
CF sells flags wholesale to retail stores, and also takes special orders.
CF slows down sexual development but brings no adverse effect upon it.
CFs are expensive up front, but last much longer and save lots of electricity.
CFs are permanent entities.
CFs are permanent institutions - outlasting most benefit, and all profit, corporations.
CFs are usually prevalent among POOR clusters and groups.
CFs can guide both learning and processing without becoming confused with RF information.
CF always contains the value of the last bit shifted out of the destination operand.
CFs sometimes have trouble starting when it's cold or the electricity is weak.
All CFs are in the card.
Many CFIT accidents occur during approach and landing.
Most CFIT cases happen on approach to an airport, and usually involve human error.
Most CFL fans have in one form or another.
CFOI data cover all fatal work injuries.
CFOI data is collected and verified using at least two sources.
CFPO mail is mail destined to Canadian military bases outside Canada.
CFPS certification provides two distinct opportunities for candidates.
CGMS information is sent along with the video signal from a disc.
CH.A.D.D. meetings are free and open to everyone.
Chabad house is one of the mainstays of Jewish life on campus.
Many Chablis wines are still a great bargain.
Chacoan peccaries are the largest of the three peccary species.
Chacoan peccaries use dust and mud wallows.
A chad is paper
Chad ascends the slickrock portion of the trail.
Chad asks with a malicious grin.
Chad bitches about the cold.
CHAD buys a gallon of milk and exchanges a few words with the cashier.
CHAD can be due to a variety of underlying disorders.
Chad collects studio equipment.
Chad comes from the midwest with a background in event planning and public relations.
Chad connects western and central Africa where polio is endemic.
Chad descends from a turn near the Wedding Rock.
Chad eats carpet.
Chad enjoys horticulture and listening to jazz.
Chad excels whether using the finest ingredients or making do with whatever is available on hand.
Chad feels no doz is a very evil caffeine pill.
Chad hangs out in the family room.
Chad has five permanent surface runways for aircraft which operate with basic services.
Chad is by far the heaviest GAGE guitarist with definate metal roots and a much different sound.
Chad is toast.
Chad isa paper.
Chad knows all about jail and life on the streets.
Chad lifts weights on a regular basis, and is also very active in flag football leagues.
Chad likes to pimp.
Chad lives about an hour and forty minutes away.
Chad loves music.
Chad loves playing basketball.
Chad meets more of the public.
Chad offers shows using streaming video.
Chad plays on all the new tracks, and is performing live with the band.
Chad plays volleyball, hunts and fishes.
Chad prefers whale oil lamps to kerosene for that reason.
Chad ranks among the poorest countries.
Chad reaches into the bag.
Chad runs an accounting business of some sort in Iowa.
Chad takes a hop off a chest-high ledge.
Chad thinks so, too.
Chad tirelessly puts the boys through their paces and listens to their stories.
Chad travels all over the United States conducting clinics and symposiums.
Chad works as a framer everyday and has really good balance.
Chad works very hard.
Chad's a gamer.
Chads are countries.
Chads are paper.
Chads are the bits of paper from the holes in punchout ballots.
Chads are the little bits of paper that are dislodged from punchcard ballots during voting.
Chads are the pieces of cardboard voters punch out of ballots using a stylus.
Chads are the small paper rectangles that voters punch out with styluses to indicate their votes.
Chads are the tiny bits of paper released when a ballot is punched.
All chads are intact.
Chadian plane breaks Libya air ban.
A chaetognath is a worm
Chaetognaths also have a pair of pigmented eyespots.
Chaetognaths alternate between swimming and floating.
Chaetognaths appear to have originated in the Cambrian Period .
Chaetognaths appear to have originated in the Cambrian Period.
Most chaetognaths are planktonic, but some species attach to algae or other substrate.
Most chaetognaths are transparent and are torpedo shaped , but some deep-sea species are orange .
Most chaetognaths are transparent and are torpedo shaped, but some deep-sea species are orange.
Chaff is foil
Some chaff is cut to length according to the radio frequency of the radars to be cluttered.
A chaffinch is a finch
Chaffinch isa finch.
Chaffinches also catch insects by hawking, especially around rivers and streams.
Chaffinches are found in a range of habitats including woods, parks, gardens and hedgerows.
Chaffinches are normally single-brooded, but occasionally raise a second clutch.
Chaffinches are numerous, greenfinches less so.
Chaffinches are one of the most common birds in Britain, with almost six million breeding pairs.
Chaffinches build neat, bowl-shaped nests in trees and shrubs.
Chaffinches eat a variety of seeds and scraps.
Chaffinches feed on birdtables and garden feeders all year round.
Chaffinches feed predominantly on seeds in winter.
Chaffinches have a loud, clear call with varied notes and regional differences in dialect.
Chaffinches have accents.
Chaffinchs establish breed territory.
Chaffinchs establish territory.
Chaffinchs have (part) air sacs.
Chaffinchs have (part) bird's feet.
Chaffinchs have (part) brains.
Chaffinchs have (part) breasts.
Chaffinchs have (part) cell membranes.
Chaffinchs have (part) cells.
Chaffinchs have (part) chest cavities.
Chaffinchs have (part) chests.
Chaffinchs have (part) corpi.
Chaffinchs have (part) cytoplasm.
Chaffinchs have (part) ears.
Chaffinchs have (part) faces.
Chaffinchs have (part) flight feathers.
Chaffinchs have (part) heads.
Chaffinchs have (part) lips.
Chaffinchs have (part) mouths.
Chaffinchs have (part) nuclei.
Chaffinchs have (part) plasma membranes.
Chaffinchs have (part) quill feathers.
Chaffinchs have (part) rib cages.
Chaffinchs have (part) second joints.
Chaffinchs have (part) sections.
Chaffinchs have (part) skulls.
Chaffinchs have (part) sterna.
Chaffinchs have (part) talons.
Chaffinchs have (part) vacuoles.
Chaffinchs have (part) wishbones.
Chaffinchs have sex.
Chaffinches usually feed on seeds and insects, like caterpillars, during the breeding season.
Chaffinches usually feed on seeds on the ground, but also in trees such as pines and native beeches.
Most chaffinchs establish territory.
Most chaffinchs have sex.
Some chaffinchs feed on seeds.
Some chaffinchs have ability.
Some chaffinchs have breasts.
Some chaffinchs have pink breasts.
Chain coffee shops offer beverages.
Chain coffee shops offer specialty coffee beverages.
Chain drive is on right or left.
Chain drive makes riding on a dirt road no problem.
Chain gang is a crew
Chain gangs operate once again in Alabama, Arizona, Florida and Wisconsin.
A chain letter is a letter
Chain letters are a bad idea for another reason.
Chain letters are a no-no.
Chain letters are a tremendous waste of time, disk space, and especially network traffic.
Chain letters are a type of pyramid scheme.
Chain letters are a type of spam as well.
Chain letters are a waste of time.
Chain letters are an example of inappropriate mail.
Chain letters are an irritation rather than a major problem.
Chain letters are another thing to do on the Internet.
Chain letters are bothersome and as much of a waste of bandwidth as commercial spam.
Chain letters are clearly an abuse of the campus mail system.
Chain letters are clearly an annoyance to most users.
Chain letters are gay little pieces of paper, made for lowlife superstitious people.
Chain letters are illegal if they ask for money or anything of value.
Chain letters are illegal in every form.
Chain letters are illegal on most networks as they tie up needed resources.
Chain letters are illegal on the Internet just as they are through postal mail.
Chain letters are illegal under state and federal laws.
Chain letters are illegal.
Chain letters are letters.
Chain letters are located in mail.
Chain letters are merely carefully crafted business letters asking for contributions.
Chain letters are often unwelcome and can also tie up large amounts of system resources.
Chain letters are one of the oldest and purest forms of pyramid schemes.
Chain letters are probably why.
Chain letters are simply bad investments to begin with.
Chain letters are spam.
Chain letters are stupid, wasteful of resources and in some cases, illegal.
Chain letters are the bane of e-mail boxes.
Chain letters are unwanted by members of the list.
Chain letters are very tempting.
Chain letters attempt to appeal to the reader via greed, guilt, and even fear.
Chain letters can be annoying, threatening and rude.
Chain letters can quickly consume the system s disk space.
Chain letters come in a variety of genres.
Chain letters come in all shapes and sizes.
Chain letters get horrible responses.
Chain letters have a way of doing that.
Chain letters involving money or items of value that promise big returns are illegal.
Chain letters place incredible burdens on already-strained systems.
Chain letters require the use of system or server space in order to be stored for the recipient.
Chain letters spread misinformation, clog mail servers and reduce bandwidth on the Internet.
Chain letters suck also.
Chain letters waste bandwidth and disk space and generally provide false or useless information.
Chain letters waste scarce network resources, slowing mail delivery and other network services.
Chain letters waste vital computing resources.
All chain letters are illegal.
All chain letters are is a way for mailing list companies to get some free orders.
Many chain letters are also hoaxes.
Many chain letters are scams.
Most chain letters are fine.
Most chain letters are hoaxes.
Some chain letters are more practical.
Some chain letters make claims that seem to be too good to be true.
Chain link is fairly expensive, but it lasts longer than many other types of fences.
Chain link is galvanized unless otherwise stated.
Chain link is one of the most common fences.
Chain links attach the welcome sign to the house.
Most chain link gates down shiny, familiar wine change an splendid profit among the doctor.
Chain locks are poor security.
Chain mail asks each recipient of the message to forward the message to others.
Chain mail has the potential to grow even more quickly.
Chain mail involving money is considered a form of gambling.
Chain mail is a cataphract
Chain mail is a serious abuse of the network both here and elsewhere.
Chain mail is body armor.
Chain mail is defined as any message that meets two criteria.
Chain mail is especially abusive of the system.
Chain mail is forbidden.
Chain mail is the e-mail equivalent of paper chain mail.
Chain mail rips up bedsheets.
Chain mail uses vital computing resources, and drives the load on the machine up even further.
Chain mail violates federal law.
Chain messages can have technological, social, and legal ramifications.
Some chain messages are just jokes being forwarded around.
Chain of command is everything.
Chain of custody assures both the defense and prosecution of the evidence's integrity.
Chain of custody is an essential quantum of proof in any case involving physical evidence.
Chain of custody is as relevant when it comes to computers as any other form of evidence.
Chain of custody is documented and positive identification is required.
Chain of custody is the process by which the source of a timber product is verified.
Chain of custody is the record of who had possession of the evidence and what they did with it.
Chains of gold are stronger than chains of iron.
A chain pickerel is a pickerel
Chain pickerel abound in many of our lakes and are great fun for all ages.
Chain pickerel grow rapidly in Texas waters.
Chain pickerel is a fish that fills out the fishing picture.
Chain pickerels are fish.
Chain pickerels are pickerels.
Chain reaction escalates To economists, excess inventories are a classic cause of recession.
Chain reaction is chemical reaction.
Chain reaction is nuclear reaction.
Chain reaction is reaction
Chain reaction provides power.
Chain reaction spreads to sources.
Chain reaction spreads to water sources.
Chain reactions are relatively inexpensive since very little infrastructure is needed.
Chain reactions can rapidly grow.
Chain reactions caused by explosions triggering each other can have stunning effects.
Most chain reaction provides power.
Most chain reaction spreads to sources.
Most chain reaction spreads to water sources.
Some chain reaction causes explosions.
Some chain reaction causes extinction.
Some chain reaction causes nuclear explosions.
Some chain reaction destroys substances.
Some chain reaction leads to degradations.
Some chain reaction releases heat.
Chain restaurants are franchises.
Chain restaurants think of the theme first, then they work out the food.
Most chain restaurants don t take reservations.
Most chain restaurants fall short on the service aspect.
Chain smokers are more likely to suffer from lung diseases.
Chain smoking kills.
A chain stitch is a stitch
Chain stitch is simple to work.
A chain store is a store
Chain stores are currently in control of the apple market.
Chain stores are out for the profit sacraficing quality to get it.
Chain stores are retail stores.
Chain stores are shops.
Chain stores are surprisingly sparse within the city limits.
Chain stores constitute the fastest growing sector of Guangdong's retail market.
Chain stores control most of the sales and favor very large publishers who buy display space.
Chain stores do provide gay people with benefits, though.
Chain stores require a steady source of round, non-bitter fruit, packed in a single layer.
Chain stores sell nice oak frames for a reasonable price with glass and mat included.
Chain stores tend to offer a broader range of outdoor gear at more affordable prices.
Some chain stores issue their own cards.
Chain stories are always popular.
Chain accounts supports thousands of locations for national, regional and area businesses.
Chain agree for whatever cheer for bent air jordan nike.
Chain agree for whatever cheer for bent laquinta golf resort.
Chain agree for whatever cheer for bent ram golf club.
Chain allows for a very quick transfer from one menu to another.
Chain approve that gentlemen both start fork.
Chain are across whatever cheer for agree Atlanta falcons posters.
Chain bookstores endanger choice as an operational necessity.
Chain bumps up against swingarm when hitting large obsticals.
Chain calculations together.
Chain denies it has tried to run independent bookstores out of business.
Chain directories usually list local pet policies.
Chain drives Identify common chains.
Chain drives instead of belts that can stretch or tear.
Chain expenses chain more before.
Chain falls and pull-lifts.
Chain falls, come-alongs, push and pull jacks.
Chain gives relatively good protection against all types of attacks.
Chain has a bead on the end.
Chain has filigree spacers, pearls and red beads.
Chain has links.
Chain has lobster claw clasp.
Chain has plastic beads on it.
Chain has stone.
Chain has very minimal springback.
Chain hoists available via rental.
Chain holds up better than line when lying on rocks.
Chain is a aluminum dog Fencing fence wood leading fencing runs barbed.
Chain is a series
Chain is a weak link.
Chain is available and is listed as a separate item.
Chain Is available for situations warranting chaining and locking.
Chain is available upon request and costs extra.
Chain is brass.
Chain is business.
Chain is close welded.
Chain is dirtier than nylon.
Chain is effected more by acid than alkali.
Chain is fine sterling silver made in Italy.
Chain is heavier duty than required.
Chain is interspersed with small amethyst beads.
Chain is ligaments.
Chain is located in bicycles.
Chain is located in dungeons.
Chain is located in garages.
Chain is located in hardware stores.
Chain is located in jewelry stores.
Chain is located in motorbikes.
Chain is located in sheds.
Chain is loop.
Chain is necklaces.
Chain is no longer chain.
Chain is oiled and tight.
Chain is on page five.
Chain is part of bicycles.
Chain is part of molecules.
Chain is plated in gun metal.
Chain is restraint.
Chain is serieses.
Chain is silver tone with long diamond shaped links.
Chain is solid metal.
Chain is strong.
Chain is units.
Chain is used for chain.
Chain is used for decoration.
Chain is used for marking boundaries.
Chain is used for security.
Chain is used for snow tires.
Chain is very useful to stop runners.
Chain is welded twisted link.
Chain isa series.
Chain lettersof any kind.
Chain link fence on left, follow to fields or through wrought iron gate for gym.
Chain link from back to shoulders.
Chain link single wheel carriers are used on rolling gates.
Chain link tunnels with doors connected the individual cages to the flight.
Chain needs lubrication.
Chain needs replacement.
Chain never let up and the three-run cushion was more than enough.
Chain pulleys just like the ones on a tour easy except much larger.
Chain reactions the software world has never seen.
Chain saws cause deep, ragged wounds that heal poorly.
Chain saws for tree trimming and removal.
Chain saws present a whole safety topic on their own.
Chain shows some wear.
Chain songs together in any order.
Chain sprockets manufacturers.
Chain stitch A single stitch used in knitting and crocheting.
Chain stitch the number of cast-on stitches or the number needed to reach the needed gauge.
Chain suspends basket from scale.
Chain tends to jump off.
Chain wear life and overall maintenance costs.
Chain welcomes submissions from readers.
Chain works fine, but rope is more delicate especially around the sewn join.
Chains also are available for flange face applications.
Chains also contribute to the noise level of the room.
Chains also give great balance during the lift.
Chains appear from nowhere and impale a man's skin, causing some blood to flow.
Chains are a bad idea for the long haul.
Chains are a good thing.
Chains are a powerful means of ordering tasks that depend on one another.
Chains are about money.
Chains are all stainless steel.
Chains are also of real benefit with worn or non-aggressive tread tires.
Chains are also out, whether they are around the neck or attached to the belt.
Chains are available in a variety of styles.
Chains are available separately.
Chains are available with or without pendants.
Chains are best for deep driving snow.
Chains are common on the steep pyramids, as are the ambulances parked below.
Chains are costly.
Chains are different giving the effect of diamond cut.
Chains are easy.
Chains are extra.
Chains are far better.
Chains are fine sterling made in Italy.
Chains are for lengthy driving.
Chains are large to fine with precious stone pendants, coral, turquoise, onyx or diamonds.
Chains are links of body parts, such as foot, ankle, knee, and hip during walking.
Chains are now in our market.
Chains are rarer.
Chains are really just oval balls of epoxy, pressed flat, with their center holes punched out.
Chains are serious competitors who bring some real clout to the market.
Chains are set in base metal, earrings use sterling silver earwires and gold-filled findings.
Chains are strong in tension, but have no strength in compression.
Chains are the big issue here.
Chains are the current experiment in FAQ design for large FAQs.
Chains are worth the small expense.
Chains benefit from economies of scale in storage, distribution, and marketing.
Chains bind the ignorant, and sorrows flow.
Chains bind, walls enclose.
Chains break from the bodies of the captured as they free themselves from the evil forces.
Chains buy books in bulk for all of their locations.
Chains buy many stations to dominate market segments.
Chains can dispatch battalions of opening specialists to swoop down and whip things into shape.
Chains carefully hone their message to reach demographics.
Chains clink, whips crack, water cannons thunder, and war planes roar.
Chains come in various sizes and metals.
Chains come with pendant.
Chains connect to O-Rings.
Chains continue to build here.
Chains Cut the bottom off a paper bag and slit up one size.
Chains deter casual thieves but can be easily cut with the right equipment.
Chains fall off around curves and slats go flying.
Chains feature full side plates and high strength steel for added strength.
Chains form in our patients, which are invaluable aids in troubleshooting.
Chains go to great lengths to appear as rugged individuals, distinct from the parent company.
Chains go where they can make money.
Chains have a small amount of play at each link, even when brand new.
Chains have an added problem.
Chains have an advantage.
Chains move at only forty percent of the pallet speed.
Chains move the inking rollers in a circular path around the chase and articulating printing frame.
Chains own about half of the nursing homes in the country.
Chains pay attention to demographics.
Chains provide lower proces, while bed and breakfasts and inns are a little pricier.
Chains rattle, ropes whirr, anchors splash, Then just harbor sounds.
Chains represent a network trace towards the nodes of interest.
Chains running over worn idlers make the chain jump.
Chains satisfy the first three of the above needs.
Chains send out stories, editorials to all papers.
Chains terminate if the distance to the next residue is too long to form a petide bond.
Chains use it with a vengeance.
Chains value their franchisees because franchisees exercise initiative.
Chains vary in branching.
Chains wraps-around ruins the frame at least once a week.
Chains usually have very fair prices, large food portions and a comfortable atmosphere.
All chain is priced by the inch.
All chains are cleavage products of one primary gene product.
All chains are gold colored.
All chains are heavy duty with quality ball bearings.
All chains grow antiparallel to template.
All chains stretch over time.
All chains stretch with use.
Every chain has one input and one output.
Every chain is called a molecule.
Many chains give other bonuses like airfare miles, complimentary meals or room upgrades.
Many chains now offer grilled and broiled foods slongside their fried dishes.
Many chains own more than one type of media property.
Many chains shy away from trade paperbacks and E-books.
More chain is attached along with a double glass ball float encased in a hard hat of yellow plastic.
Most chains are limited to what the franchise carries.
Most chains have interpreters, and provide exchange and tax refund services for tourists.
Most chains have interpreters, exchange and tax refund services are provided for tourists.
Most chains have plans to expand outlets outside Santiago.
Most chains live up to their reputation for standardized systems when it comes to appearance codes.
Most chains offer computer and printer rentals for minimal cost.
Most chains possess the capital and key personnel resources necessary for continued expansion.
Some chain carbohydrates find in food.
Some chain carbohydrates find in many common food.
Some chain rub in lowest gear, but there's a lot of travel.
Some chains have a mix of franchised and corporate outlets.
Some chains have buy-back clauses to ensure that the quality of each store can be maintained.
Some chains have elements of both.
Some chains have unique drive-thru issues to contend with.
Some chains specify two different brands, giving the distributor an option on which one to stock.
Some chains use lard, beef tallow, or coconut oil to fry potatoes, onion rings, or tortillas.
Most Chaine events consist of dinners at leading dining establishments of the region.
All chainmail jewelry is made from stainless steel unless otherwise noted.
Every chainsaw carving is original.
A chainsaw is a power tool
Chainsaw isa machine.
Chainsaws are acceptable substitutes.
Chainsaws are one of man's best friends.
Chainsaws can be one of the most useful tools as well as one of the most dangerous.
Chainsaws have (part) bases.
Chainsaws have (part) sections.
Chainsaws level the rainforest.
Chainsaws sound just like electric knives.
Most chainsaws run on an oil and gasoline fuel mixture.
Chaintech company profile all products product est.
Chair lift is lift
Chair lift operates to the first floor.
Chair lifts carry swimmers to the top of the slides.
Chair lifts float jerkily overhead.
Many chair models are available in stool versions.
Chair rails are available for risers.
Chair rails divide a wall into two distinct areas.
Chair seats are to be made of up to four dowels so the rush can be woven around the framework.
Chair seats can be fabric or leather and table tops can be wood or glass.
A chair is a seat
Chair allocates all funds remaining in the department's budget.
Chair assigns code number to all nominees for each category and gives codes to committee members.
Chair calls for a vote.
Chair calls for discussion on the motion and members debate.
Chair calls on any special committee to report.
Chair collapses with baby still inside.
Chair confirms final recommendations.
Chair contacts candidates and gets their written consent.
Chair convenes committee and a decision is made regarding the acceptability of the proposal.
Chair disappears to Bolivia.
Chair establishes whether proponents and opponents are represented by a spokesperson.
Chair invites questions from the committee.
Chair isa furniture.
Chair puts question and members vote.
Chair puts question to a vote.
Chair puts question to vote.
Chair recognizes member.
Chair refers to people in the assembly as either members or delegates.
Chair responds to the questions or comments.
Chair reviews document processing logistics.
Chair reviews the recommended revisions until all reach consensus.
Chair rises with weight vests or weights attached to the waist are alternatives.
Chair sets out the order of debate the guillotines if applicable.
Chair shows door with hinges below seat as if for a cabinet.
Chair states motion and asks for discussion.
Chair states motion.
Chair submits preliminary program copy information.
Chair summarizes and disseminates results to faculty.
Chair takes comments back to the respective committee and revises report.
Chair works with committee to plan and execute event for the whole school.
Chairs adjust their height.
Chairs adjust to a wide range of species.
Chairs also feature wood seats to further complement the look.
Chairs also require a discipline in shape and structure unnecessary in other furniture.
Chairs also serve four year terms.
Chairs appear in boldface type .
Chairs are a natural three slat back style side chair design.
Chairs are a special case.
Chairs are adjustable in height, and can roll and swivel.
Chairs are also available.
Chairs are ample and comfortable.
Chairs are askew, as if pushed out of the way hurriedly.
Chairs are askew.
Chairs are assembled, table is easy to assemble.
Chairs are available for a nominal extra charge and includes set up.
Chairs are available for rental for the ceremony.
Chairs are available if desired.
Chairs are available in a variety of standard rattan finishes.
Chairs are available in a wide array of bright colors.
Chairs are available on a first come, first serve basis.
Chairs are available on a first come, first, serve basis.
Chairs are available with high, mid, or low backs.
Chairs are black lacquer and polychrome with mother of pearl inlay.
Chairs are comfortable, and there are plenty of books plus cable television.
Chairs are comfy and the tables are of course set with white linens.
Chairs are complicated.
Chairs are created by carpenters.
Chairs are dense mahogany with silk seat panels.
Chairs are exceedingly comfortable.
Chairs are for farangs, who are too stiff to sit on the floor.
Chairs are for parents to take care of their baby.
Chairs are for sitting on.
Chairs are for sitting.
Chairs are for watching television.
Chairs are for weddings and funerals.
Chairs are furniture.
Chairs are hard and room was cold.
Chairs are heavy and difficult to move around.
Chairs are height adjustable by releasing the lever on the lower right side of the chair.
Chairs are in excellent condition.
Chairs are ineligible to serve.
Chairs are large and desks are high.
Chairs are like the rockers without the rocker.
Chairs are located in airports.
Chairs are located in auditoriums.
Chairs are located in bars.
Chairs are located in bedrooms.
Chairs are located in bookstores.
Chairs are located in buildings.
Chairs are located in churchs.
Chairs are located in conferences.
Chairs are located in confessions.
Chairs are located in corners.
Chairs are located in cubicles.
Chairs are located in dentists.
Chairs are located in desks.
Chairs are located in floors.
Chairs are located in funerals.
Chairs are located in internet cafes.
Chairs are located in kitchens.
Chairs are located in living rooms.
Chairs are located in lobbies.
Chairs are located in meetings.
Chairs are located in motels.
Chairs are located in offices.
Chairs are located in porchs.
Chairs are located in race tracks.
Chairs are located in rest areas.
Chairs are located in rooms.
Chairs are located in schools.
Chairs are located in shows.
Chairs are located in synagogues.
Chairs are located in theaters.
Chairs are located in theatres.
Chairs are located in universities.
Chairs are located in work.
Chairs are located near desks.
Chairs are located near tables.
Chairs are made of plastic.
Chairs are made of wood.
Chairs are more than just functional pieces of furniture today.
Chairs are of oak with seats and attached kneelers upholstered in dusty rose.
Chairs are one of the most overlooked office tools.
Chairs are optional.
Chairs are perhaps the most vital key to avoiding injuries.
Chairs are places.
Chairs are plenty.
Chairs are plush and comfortable, and tables are far enough apart to allow intimate conversation.
Chairs are responsible for maintaining accurate records during their terms of office.
Chairs are responsible for meeting all scheduled deadlines.
Chairs are responsible for scheduling interviews.
Chairs are rush ladder-back.
Chairs are seats.
Chairs are shuffled, whiteboards are cleaned, even a wall partition or two is moved.
Chairs are solid wood black frame with a natural solid wood seat.
Chairs are standard commercial quality folding chairs.
Chairs are stools.
Chairs are subject to the same pressures.
Chairs are tall, too.
Chairs are the solid shadows of humanity and indeed of all animal life.
Chairs are tight and solid.
Chairs are to be neatly stacked on the appropriate rack.
Chairs are to be pushed in completely and the rows left straight.
Chairs are to be straightened and pushed into place.
Chairs are to prepare a monthly report.
Chairs are twist up the back.
Chairs are upholstered in an elegant green country plaid.
Chairs are upholstered in black durable vinyl.
Chairs are upholstered in black.
Chairs are upholstered in durable black vinyl.
Chairs are used for people.
Chairs are used for resting.
Chairs are used for seats.
Chairs are usually juniors or seniors.
Chairs are very anxious about the negative impact of unfilled lines on their programs.
Chairs are very subjective and best selected in person by testing each one.
Chairs are white and natural and feature spindle legs and curved spindle backs.
Chairs are white enamel frame and comfortable.
Chairs attend leadership workshop.
Chairs authorize faculty members.
Chairs believe that faculty and deans are to blame.
Chairs bring out the beast in academics.
Chairs can appoint the new committee members earlier.
Chairs can be an interesting topic of conversation.
Chairs can be very important in a newsroom.
Chairs can contribute to back injuries and the lack of wrist pads to carpal tunnel syndrome.
Chairs can help in other ways with respect to workload.
Chairs can range from a hundred dollars to a thousand.
Chairs can vary in price.
Chairs come in maple, beech or yellow birch, with mildew-resistant canvas seats and backs.
Chairs come standard with carpet casters.
Chairs come upholstered or in slat style .
Chairs complement the set with the turned spindle legs and back and natural wood seats.
Chairs contain people.
Chairs continue the fabulous design with the ultra modern R shape also in black satin finish.
Chairs coordinate the table in the hunter green legs and dark oak seat.
Chairs do meet regularly under the leadership of an associate provost.
Chairs enhance the designers appeal with the spindle legs and back.
Chairs even have a social life.
Chairs find their way into a circle around the kitchen, and feet begin to tap out a rhythm.
Chairs fit under table.
Chairs fold compactly, arm assembly folds down flat, packs easily.
Chairs forum a moment ago announcing the beginning of the review.
Chairs hang from the ceiling.
Chairs have (part) backs.
Chairs have (part) sections.
Chairs have (part) upholstery.
Chairs have access to course information for all courses and all faculties in their department.
Chairs have an upholstered cushioned seat and fold to a depth of seven inches.
Chairs have anxieties during process.
Chairs have complex roles.
Chairs have curve rails.
Chairs have knuckles.
Chairs have legs.
Chairs have many uses, from functional to funky to fashionable.
Chairs have rails.
Chairs have seats and backs, often reverse contours of our own.
Chairs have seats.
Chairs have spindle front legs.
Chairs have surfaces.
Chairs have the advantages of flexibility.
Chairs have the responsibility of making such judgments.
Chairs have the same rights with regard to their personnel files as other faculty members.
Chairs hold one person.
Chairs involved in the recall have square tubular metal frames with upholstered seats and backs.
Chairs loom way too close, and a child cries in disconcerting close-up, as if hit by a thorn.
Chairs make every effort to provide balance when advisors are named.
Chairs make eye contact, make signs, pass notes, and still the speaker yammers on.
Chairs make for inattentive employees and prospects.
Chairs make from solid wood.
Chairs make from wood.
Chairs manipulate our bodies even more insidiously than they do our minds.
Chairs offer a natural seat and white spindle backs.
Chairs offer comfort.
Chairs offer poor lower back support - too straight up and down.
Chairs ought to have good back support and be on wheels.
Chairs play especially important roles in recruitment and promotion.
Chairs play little role in decision making.
Chairs play little role in decision-making.
Chairs prepare budget requests, allocate funds, and supervise departmental expenditures.
Chairs range widely.
Chairs receive the data of their evaluations.
Chairs remain potent emblems both of human variety and of common fate in our own time.
Chairs resemble cotton balls, absorb fresh blood.
Chairs rest on an anti tip five star base with dual wheel carpet casters.
Chairs say the darndest things.
Chairs scrape across the floor.
Chairs scrape on the basement floor as the students shrink closer to the walls.
Chairs scrape the floor.
Chairs serve a two-year term.
Chairs serve as tables, cauldrons, thrones or podiums as needed.
Chairs serve as the departmental leaders.
Chairs serve for three year terms for a maximum of three terms.
Chairs set arena style.
Chairs shift around.
Chairs sit in family rooms.
Chairs sit in rooms.
Chairs sit upside down on each desk.
Chairs stack themselves, maggots devour flesh, and there is a muddy pool filled with corpses.
Chairs stack up to four high.
Chairs suggest relaxation and often lack of activity.
Chairs support backs.
Chairs surround the tables, and even more fill the spaces between.
Chairs talk directly with dean.
Chairs tell no tales.
Chairs typically serve two year terms.
Chairs use a variety of means to facilitate the fair allocation of the floor.
Chairs work with faculty to determine individual faculty roles.
Chairs write separate letters stating their own evaluations of the candidate.
Chairs Always sit on hard, indented chairs that accommodate the normal tilt of the pelvis.
Chairs frequently carry the name of a donor or other honored person.
Chairs often wish for more autonomy as a way to improve their effectiveness.
Chairs usually manage the questions from the audience as well.
All chairs are also on wheels for convenient usage during group projects.
All chairs are available in cherry, prices are available upon request.
All chairs are available with or without arms.
All chairs are foldable,and the cloths are washable.
All chairs are on the same level.
All chairs are open and music and non-music majors are given equal consideration.
All chairs are open each fall, and music majors and non-music majors are given equal considerations.
All chairs are subject to the approval of the house manager.
All chairs are the same height, and there is no chairman.
All chairs can be special ordered with cushioned seats if desired.
All chairs come standard with carpet casters.
All chairs come with height adjustabe arms, full multi-tilt mechanism and comfort beyond it price.
All chairs have a chrome-plated metal finish.
All chairs have forms on file to support and document the fees charged.
All chairs have holders for life rings and umbrellas.
All chairs have window views overlooking manicured lawn and mature trees.
All chairs ship via common carrier.
Any chair can be comfortable for a short time.
Every chair is different, but in general, look for height, lumbar support, and tilt adjustments.
Every chair looks at all faculty in the college, and chairs coordinate assignments.
Many chairs adjust in a variety of ways.
Many chairs are concerned about implementation of plans for the electronic university.
Many chairs now let users fine-tune how their body weight is distributed.
More chairs line a balcony, overlooking the ring.
Most chairs come with side loops that allow the chairs to be connected.
Most chairs contain people.
Most chairs encourage all faculty in the department to make recommendations.
Most chairs feature a colorful molded plastic seat.
Most chairs have rails.
Most chairs have seats.
Most chairs have surfaces.
Most chairs have ten-month appointments and receive reassigned time and some additional stipends.
Most chairs make from solid wood.
Most chairs make from wood.
Most chairs offer comfort.
Most chairs receive a one-course reduction in load.
Most Chairs simply have to wait for papers to arrive and then select the ones to be accepted.
Most chairs sit in family rooms.
Most chairs sit in rooms.
Some chairs are also available.
Some chairs are in both committees in both studies.
Some chairs are just backless frames when the cushion is removed.
Some chairs are just plain wrong for a given person.
Some chairs are on twelve-month contracts.
Some chairs are small, representing the children who died.
Some chairs are worse than others.
Some chairs come with a variety of drive controls to accommodate different disabilities.
Some chairs do enjoy the challenges of the position, the article notes.
Some chairs have adjustable lumbar support that can be moved up and down, and in and out.
Some chairs have adjustments for both the position and the tension of the backrest.
Some chairs have adjustments that shorten or lengthen the seat pan if necessary.
Some chairs have depressions.
Some chairs have interchangeable cylinders to accommodate very tall or short people.
Some chairs let their new professors flounder.
Some chairs offer a rocking motion.
Some chairs provide input.
Some Chairs seem to be requiring faculty to sign documents.
Some chairs seem to be visibly working, while others are difficult to find.
A chairlift is lift
Chairlifts are found in skiing resorts, where they make skiers go up the mountain.
Chairlifts are slow and stopped a lot.
A chairman is a leader
Chairman announces serial number of ballot.
Chairman appoints a replacement.
Chairman calls for a motion.
Chairman calls meeting to order.
Chairman decides and proceeds.
Chairman detaches the coupon from ballot and drops coupon in compartment for spoiled ballots.
Chairman has support for by-law given.
Chairman has support for variance given.
Chairman instructs voter to leave polling place.
Chairman is a voluntary position, while president is a paid administrative position.
Chairman is appointed from one body, the vice-chairman from the other.
Chairman is yet to be determined.
Chairman now meets with new freshman every fall.
Chairman passes a law that requires children to smoke starting at age five.
Chairman rises and invites company to rise to welcome haggis being piped in.
Chairman then opens the session up for questions and comments to the floor.
Chairmans are chairpersons.
Chairmans are chairs.
Chairmans are heads of state.
Chairmans are located in meetings.
Chairmans report, current members, accreditation standards, an application form and more.
Chairmen are interested in athletic, academically oriented, and personable individuals.
Chairmen are to conduct all committee meetings like a chapter meeting.
Chairmen can expect to spend significantly more time on the project than the other volunteers.
Chairmen organize and plan the work of their respective committees.
Chairmen often request a three-minute limit at busy hearings.
Many chairmen are inexperienced, uneasy, and self-conscious.
A chairmanship is a position
Chairmanship is rotated between members from the various Nordic countries.
Chairmanship rotates annually among the four governors.
Chairmanships are positions.
Every Chairmanship is up for grabs and stabs.
A chairperson is a leader
Chairperson calls for debate.
Chairpersons act as commentator as well.
Chairpersons are chairpersons.
Chairpersons are leaders.
Chairpersons are members of the collective bargaining unit.
Chairpersons are people.
Chairpersons are the best people to answer questions about their specific department.
Chairpersons are to introduce the speakers.
Chairpersons are to send each local council's entries by the above deadline.
Chairpersons are workers.
Chairpersons coordinate the cases with the other members and prepare responses.
Chairpersons normally serve in twelve-month positions.
Chairpersons occupy their positions for one year.
Chairpersons perform on-site reviews at each affiliated institution in their respective disciplines.
Chairpersons report directly to the executive board.
Chairpersons serve for a two-year term, renewable by consent of members of the particular program.
All chairpersons are members of their respective committees.
Chaise lounges are available and the two jacuzzis are located on either side of the fountain.
Chaise lounges are complimentary to our guests.
A chaise is a chair
Chaise longues lining the pool and beach are marine blue with yellow cushions.
Chaises line the garden terrace.
Chakra work opens the body s energy system to that of the universe.
A chalazion is a cyst
Chalazion are more resistant to home treatment than hordeolum.
Chalazion is a grain size tumor like enlargement on the eye-lid.
Chalazion is a palpable nodule on the eyelid.
Chalazion is a small bump that develops on the upper or lower eyelid.
Chalazion is essentially a benign enlargement.
Chalazion is one such condition that finds a simple, non-surgical treatment with homeopathy.
Chalazions are diseases.
Chalazions are sebaceous cysts.
Chalazions look like sties but are caused by clogged glands on the eyelid.
Chalazions vary in size.
Most chalazions are further from the eyelid edge than styes.
Most chalazions disappear without treatment after a few months.
A chalcocite is a mineral
Chalcocite occurs as small xls.
Chaldean individuals take it upon themselves to contact each other about such news.
Chaldean people feel it is very important to project an impression of affluence and social position.
A chalet is a house
Chalet is immediately on right.
Chalet is on the left.
Chalet is on the piste, and staff have own separated accommodation.
Chalet is unique in that there is no canvas to hassle with.
Chalet sleeps two only.
Chalets also have bathrooms on the second floor with showers as well.
Chalets also offer decks, balconies.
Chalets are also available.
Chalets are available in various parts of the country.
Chalets are available to let on a weekly basis.
Chalets are available.
Chalets are houses.
Chalets are non-smoking but a smokers pot is provided on the patio area.
Chalets are open year-round.
Chalets are spacious two room units that sleep five.
Chalets can accommodate up to eight people - some with saunas.
Chalets feature hot showers.
Chalets have a deck and a gas barbecue.
Chalets have ensuite bathroom facilities and overhead fans.
Chalets have shower, toilet, stove, fridge, TV, telephone, cutlery, aircon etc.
Chalets have southern exposure with decks and great views.
Chalets have the same suites with an additional adjoining guest room.
Chalets offering absolutely spectacular views are our specialty.
Chalets offering pristine forest views are our specialty.
All chalets are well equipped and centrally heated for enjoyable holidays throughout the year.
All chalets come with attached bathrooms and modern sanitation facilities.
All chalets have a patio area with garden furniture and barbecue.
All chalets have a pleasant aspect on to the gardens and have private parking.
All chalets have a private hot outdoor spa in their courtyard with lake views.
All chalets have a refrigerator, satellite TV and a spacious balcony.
All chalets have a verandah with deck chairs and a private view of the river.
All chalets have en suite facilities.
All chalets have en-suite bathroom with a shower, and a private balcony.
All chalets have hot showers but no electricity, paraffin lamps are used for lighting.
All chalets have living area, private bathroom and kitchenette and private propane grill.
All chalets have their own braai facilities.
Every chalet has a balcony with built-in braai, garden table, chairs and an umbrella.
Every chalet has a bathroom with a toilet and a small kitchen.
Every chalet has a different and private view on the lake.
Some chalets have dishwashers, and some satellite television.
Some chalets have lofts.
A chalice is a cup
Chalice assist the clergy in administering the wine and bread at celebrations of the Holy Eucharist.
Chalice is just visible in the picture of Village Bay, left.
Chalice offers unparalleled flexibility and data throughput in a dynamic, open environment.
Chalices are cups.
A chalk line is string
Chalk lines Begin with the wall that has the fewest windows and door openings.
Chalk marks are easier to remove later.
Chalk mountains are made from piles of forminifera shells.
Chalk consists of particles.
Chalk consists of small particles.
Chalk has (part) sections.
Chalk is a controlled substance
Chalk is calcites.
Chalk is capable of breaks.
Chalk is industrial equipment.
Chalk is like no other rock.
Chalk is limestone.
Chalk is located in classrooms.
Chalk is speed
Chalk is used for marks.
Chalk is used for writes.
Chalk is used for writing.
Chalk is white.
Chalk isa implement.
Chalk leaves unsightly marks on the holds.
Chalk tends to build up on holds so use a toothbrush and beat the grease.
Chalk travels in sidewalk.
Chalk works well on mats.
Chalks create a soft transition from one color to the next.
Most chalk consists of particles.
Most chalk consists of small particles.
Much chalk is flung about.
Some chalk contains carbon.
Chalkboard drawings show how tornadoes, hail and lighting form.
A chalkboard is an artifact
Chalkboards allow visiting children to write messages of their own.
Chalkboards are a good addition to a toy supply.
Chalkboards are almost a thing of the past.
Chalkboards are images.
Chalkboards are located in classrooms.
Chalkboards are located in schools.
Chalkboards are obsolete, something students see as graffiti walls.
Chalkboards are slate.
Chalkboards are the primary piece of equipment used for instruction.
Chalkboards can be black or dark green, also called blackboards and greenboards.
Chalkboards list what's available.
Chalkboards show many daily specials, both appetizers and entrees, as well as the day's desserts.
Chalkboards still exist, to be sure, and students still read and write on paper.
Chalkboards turn up in unlikely places.
Most chalkboards are over twenty years old, many are much older.
Some chalkboards are no longer black.
A chalkstone is salt
Chalkstone is quarried in several places, and burnt into lime for agricultural purposes.
Chalktv registration Welcome to the chalktv registration page.
Challenge courses develop special interests and skills.
Challenge funds support three major elements of the district's reform efforts.
Challenge grants are a possibility.
Challenge grants are common.
Challenge grants are one of the best ways to do that.
Challenge grants are possible.
Challenge grants are very helpful in encouraging individual gifts.
Challenge grants encourage a diversity of funding sources for organizations.
Challenge grants help communities to turn their schools into information age learning centers.
Challenge grants help communities turn their schools into information age learning centers.
Challenge grants increase the amount of help delivered to the grant recipient.
Challenge grants require matching funds from other sources.
Challenge matches are part of that formula.
Challenge matches are umpired if either player requires it.
Challenge materials are also available via anonymous ftp from dimacs.rutgers.edu .
Challenge procedure lacks specificity.
Challenge procedure needs to reflect multiple measures.
Challenge roles require approaches.
Challenge roles require flexible approaches.
Challenge classmates to answer questions correctly.
Challenge demands resolution.
Challenge fear and ask it what it means to say.
Challenge gives girls a chance to grow closer to their faith and have fun at the same time.
Challenge is a situation
Challenge is demand.
Challenge is located in work.
Challenge is objections.
Challenge is questioning.
Challenge is situations.
Challenge is speech acts.
Challenge isa event.
Challenge nominating committees to put young women in leadership roles beyond units and circles.
Challenge pupils by using a variety of body parts.
Challenge pupils from other groups and other classes to complete the questions.
Challenge pupils to identify any other effects on the food web.
Challenge pupils to make wind chimes that play actual chords and harmonies.
Challenge takes place when students struggle to find answers and solutions.
Challenges abound for anyone who is scientifically oriented and mathematically inclined.
Challenges abound for both the seasoned hikers and the beginners donning boots for the first time.
Challenges abound in the expert arena.
Challenges abound, but no insurmountable barriers have materialized as research continues.
Challenges abound, but no insurmountable barriers have materialized.
Challenges accelerate the process.
Challenges accepted are blue.
Challenges also can motivate learners to progress as they get a view of what lies ahead.
Challenges also exist in the area of food and drug safety.
Challenges also remain in the areas of tax and fiscal reform.
Challenges appear apparently out of nowhere.
Challenges appear that prompt the development of dreams and imaginative projects.
Challenges are a key part of childhood.
Challenges are a natural and important part of life.
Challenges are also opportunities.
Challenges are also part of the work search process.
Challenges are always fun.
Challenges are always there.
Challenges are an examination of issues forthcoming in the future.
Challenges are another aspect of teaching, as well as rewards.
Challenges are available in algebra, geometry, measurement, number, and statistics and probability.
Challenges are below budget.
Challenges are by appointment during the times listed below.
Challenges are cool.
Challenges are costly and require tremendous emotional fortitude.
Challenges are cross-disciplinary.
Challenges are difficult and uncomfortable.
Challenges are enormous with respect to the growing demands of the spatial market.
Challenges are everywhere.
Challenges are good and humor can be invaluable.
Challenges are good.
Challenges are hands-on activities that incorporate outcomes from all content areas.
Challenges are here too.
Challenges are inevitable.
Challenges are interesting and varied catering for different abilities and interests.
Challenges are methodological, procedural and institutional.
Challenges are obstacles to avoid.
Challenges are on a pass-fail basis.
Challenges are one important key to success in trial.
Challenges are opportunities in disguise.
Challenges are painful, inconvenient, and uncomfortable.
Challenges are pending.
Challenges are plentiful in creating, hosting and measuring enhanced video Web sites.
Challenges are powerful and rich in depth and detail.
Challenges are present at every turn.
Challenges are scalpels that dissect ideas, teasing apart and exposing critical issues.
Challenges are simply challenges.
Challenges are single games played at the handicap that the challenger is trying to establish.
Challenges are still very much a part of everyday conservation.
Challenges are substantial.
Challenges are sure to arise.
Challenges are tangible, and they trigger immediate consequences.
Challenges are the adjustments.
Challenges are the problems that the research is attempting to address.
Challenges are the same.
Challenges are the stuff of contests.
Challenges are the very being of a daily newspaper.
Challenges are to be met.
Challenges are very popular with quilt groups.
Challenges are welcome.
Challenges are well substantiated and often persuasive.
Challenges are well substantiated and persuasively presented.
Challenges are what allow a person to grow.
Challenges arise for teachers as they approach educating children.
Challenges arise from more sources than in the past, and the locations are less predictable.
Challenges arise if titles are inadvertently duplicated, even in part.
Challenges arise in devising search engines for double-byte languages, like most Asian languages.
Challenges arise in devising search engines for double-byte languages, like most Asian tongues.
Challenges arise in devising search engines for double-byte languages, such as most Asian languages.
Challenges arise toward midweek and strong emotions seem to compound the problems.
Challenges arise when evaluating acceptable levels of compromise.
Challenges begin to appear again.
Challenges bring feelings of accomplishment.
Challenges bring people to their edge, which is the place where fear meets excitement.
Challenges build a sense of community and are great for morale.
Challenges can be constructive in planning to implement ideals.
Challenges can be difficult, requiring caution and extra patience.
Challenges can be for cause or peremptory .
Challenges can be for cause or peremptory.
Challenges can be for whole quilts or for blocks.
Challenges can be their own reward.
Challenges can come from our work as well as our private lives.
Challenges can generate a lot of energy and excitement.
Challenges can involve staring, vocalizing or outright aggression.
Challenges can last from a few minutes to a couple of hours.
Challenges can lead to great opportunities.
Challenges can take a minimal employee and obtain superior results.
Challenges clearly remain, especially in rural areas.
Challenges come in all sizes and shapes.
Challenges come in the wake of progress.
Challenges come more from a conflict between the ideal training scenario and reality.
Challenges come up constantly and from all different directions.
Challenges come when a child gets frustrated or scared.
Challenges consist of quizzes, problem sets, lab exercises, and a project.
Challenges continue in special teams.
Challenges create opportunities.
Challenges deal more with the material world.
Challenges Describe the customers' requirements in terms of the real business processes.
Challenges do occur frequently, as they are so close emotionally.
Challenges Documenting American history is difficult.
Challenges escalate involving values and power.
Challenges exist for procedural adherence in the areas of contamination control and transportation.
Challenges exist in getting out of bed each morning, eating, functioning, getting groceries.
Challenges exist in providing the latest technology for our graduates.
Challenges exist in the fabrication of nanoscale components to interface with the biological parts.
Challenges exist with cost models, text display, standards, preservation, and technological change.
Challenges exist, and they are being faced head-on.
Challenges exist, but they present exciting opportunities for innovation.
Challenges exist, however.
Challenges faced by Africa are colossal.
Challenges facing Colorado's young people today are greater than ever before.
Challenges facing educators are significant and persistent.
Challenges facing such a system are considerable.
Challenges facing the community in the area of DNA genetic diagnosis are many.
Challenges facing the industry include potential overbuilding and difficulty landing financing.
Challenges here are new, and questions posed sometimes appear as paradoxes without answers.
Challenges here change on a daily basis.
Challenges Identify new foodborne pathogens.
Challenges Indicates external links with no implied endorsement.
Challenges invariably exist side by side with opportunities.
Challenges Involving local educators in the discussion of local issues is a two-edged sword.
Challenges is based.
Challenges lead to the development of new levels of expertise.
Challenges Learn about the challenges of the Internet.
Challenges lie ahead for HMOs.
Challenges lie ahead.
Challenges lie in making full use of the possibilities for improving methods and techniques.
Challenges loom the horizon.
Challenges make an interesting job.
Challenges make things interesting.
Challenges now faced by the U.S. press are unparalleled.
Challenges now lie ahead at the state level.
Challenges occur and storylines are created.
Challenges occur every week to encourage members to work harder and better.
Challenges offer a way to do so.
Challenges offer families two additional benefits.
Challenges pertaining to evaluation use in evolving current practice are also highlighted.
Challenges Provide the capability for rapid development and production of highly reliable systems.
Challenges range from a variety of competitive wine tastings to a truly unique team grape stomp.
Challenges range from software-related interface issues to process problems.
Challenges regarding community involvement include the following.
Challenges relating to the selection of the appropriate venue are currently on appeal.
Challenges remain at the commission.
Challenges remain before companies can reap the full benefits of E-signatures.
Challenges remain for Mexico.
Challenges remain however.
Challenges remain in packet classification.
Challenges remain in the field of online professional development.
Challenges remain the same.
Challenges remain to improve governance, the business climate and formality.
Challenges remain to scale the process to larger area and to pass accelerated environmental testing.
Challenges remain, however.
Challenges remain, of course, especially in social life.
Challenges remain, of course.
Challenges remain, yet a sober assessment of the field reveals tremendous potential as well.
Challenges result in immediate virtual rewards that are worth returning to.
Challenges resulting from installing the harmonic cavity remain.
Challenges run deep, however.
Challenges shape our attitudes and can affect our health.
Challenges still exist.
Challenges still face present-day farmers and ranchers.
Challenges still lie ahead, despite many accomplishments in the field of human rights.
Challenges still lie ahead.
Challenges take the form of gentle slopes carved out of low ground.
Challenges team to meet or exceed targets in spite of adversity or roadblocks.
Challenges then become opportunities for change and growth.
Challenges translate into opportunities.
All challenges address human sources as opposed to naturally occurring sources.
All challenges are welcome.
All challenges seem less intimidating after a restful night of sleep.
Any challenge leads to new knowledge.
Every challenge can present opportunity.
Every challenge demands a solution.
Every challenge has a bite to it.
Every challenge has an opportunity to learn new lessons and evolve to a greater potential.
Every challenge is an opportunity.
Every challenge is different.
Every challenge is surrounded by opportunities and hope.
Every challenge provides an opportunity for growth.
Many challenges are ahead and the day job still has priority.
Many challenges come with teaching in the inner city.
Many challenges continue and much education about diversity remains to be done.
Many challenges continue to face the nations forming the western bulge of Africa.
Many challenges continue.
Many challenges face kinship families in the formal child welfare system.
Many challenges face librarians in the new millennium.
Many challenges face our aviation industry.
Many challenges face our community.
Many challenges face pioneers, as the maintenance director knows well.
Many challenges face the family of today.
Many challenges face the school district on a daily basis.
Many challenges face today's families.
Many challenges facing mankind often transcend national boundaries.
Many challenges have to be faced.
Many challenges have yet to be met.
Many Challenges Let's face it.
Many challenges lie ahead .
Many challenges lie ahead in our increasingly dangerous political environment.
Many challenges lie ahead, for both suppliers of services and users.
Many challenges lie ahead.
Many challenges loom on the horizon.
Many challenges loom.
Many challenges now confront the research community worldwide.
Many challenges remain as investigations of Tospoviruses continue.
Many challenges remain before a total integrated document delivery system becomes a reality.
Many challenges remain before achieving physicians's vision for health care.
Many challenges remain before scientists can unravel the secrets of the nanoworld.
Many challenges remain in America s largest cities, to be sure.
Many challenges remain in the care of patients with acute myocardial infarction.
Many challenges remain on the reform side and perceptions are central.
Many challenges remain on the traffic side as well.
Many challenges remain to be overcome.
Many challenges remain, and new chapters are constantly being added to the story.
Many challenges remain, however.
Many challenges remain.
Many challenges still exist.
Many challenges still lie ahead.
Many challenges still remain in the drugs in sport area.
More challenges are ahead.
More Challenges Find out how a stethoscope works.
More Challenges Find out how the liver, pancreas, and gallbladder help in digestion.
More Challenges Find out more information about peripheral vision.
More Challenges Keep a scrapbook or bulletin board of newspaper and magazine articles on technology.
More challenges lie ahead.
More challenges remain and there is plenty left to learn and examples to show.
More challenges remain as the company refocuses on the rural and disadvantaged market segment.
More Challenges Use an eye dropper and colored water to make a picture on a white paper towel.
Most challenges are rather tame.
Most challenges are so easy that they seem little more than speed bumps.
Most challenges start with the hardware and software servers.
Some challenges already are clear.
Some challenges are ahead.
Some challenges are clear.
Some challenges are episodic while others can be long-term or in some cases lifelong.
Some challenges are familiar ones.
Some challenges are greater than others.
Some challenges are institutional.
Some challenges are more difficult.
SOME challenges are more difficult.
Some challenges are physical and some are mental, many are both.
Some challenges are to make sure they have fun and learn in a fun, safe environment.
Some challenges are too difficult for a child.
Some challenges here are difficult even for masters and above.
Some challenges still lie ahead, however.
Some challenges surround the program, mainly language barriers and cultural differences.
Some challenges take longer to master.
Challenged children can learn and interact just like other children.
Challenged jurors return to the jury room and the selected jurors are sworn.
Challenged materials continue to be used during the reconsideration process.
Challenged races can help build credibility of the democratic process of board selection.
A challenger is a contestant
Challenger can be spray buffed and also performs well with a high speed burnisher.
Challenger estimates that six CEO spots are changed per busi- ness day somewhere in the country.
Challengers already face an uphill battle.
Challengers also utilize at least one weekend per quarter for special mission action projects.
Challengers are adventurers who question the goals, methods, and ethics of the team.
Challengers are much more scattered.
Challengers bear the burden of proving that a statute is unconstitutional.
Challengers can be much more fleet afoot.
Challengers can monitor names of voters and which ballot they pick up.
Challengers commonly prove to be on the losing side.
Challengers get next to nothing.
Challengers get red in the face and issue debate challenges.
Challengers get to play ball their way, with a buddy, off a tee or pitched.
Challengers have to overcome the incumbent.
Challengers have to work twice as hard, or be twice as rich, to stand a chance.
Challengers is a client directed program for persons with physical disabilities.
Challengers is dedicated to the physical, emotional and moral well being of youth.
Challengers try to find a better way.
All challengers are welcome.
All challengers welcome.
Any challenger does.
Some challenging activities involve careful estimating and calculating.
Challenging behavior is common especially in retrospect.
Challenging courses are available in the vocational school's secondary program.
Challenging courses requires instructor or department permission.
More challenging courses require better teachers and equipment.
Challenging games are great attention-getters for kids of all ages.
Challenging games require skill and strategy.
Challenging golf is played on several public courses scattered around the Island.
More challenging interpretations have the potential to score more highly, if flown equally well.
Challenging issues abound at the local level.
Challenging perceptions is part of our adult role.
Challenging positions are usually available for well-trained plant scientists.
Challenging positions continue to be available in healthcare and educational facilities.
Many challenging problems remain.
Challenging projects keep sharp minds sharp, and our products are cutting-edge.
More challenging projects cultivate intellectual and aesthetic maturity.
Challenging results reinforce what's been learned.
More challenging routes are also available for the experienced rider.
Challenging spirit makes a big deal.
Many challenging tasks are still ahead.
More challenging texts use multisyllable words and a wider range vocabulary to express meaning.
Challenging times are ahead, and free software needs people ready to trek into the brave new world.
Challenging times call for creative solutions.
Challenging times can strengthen an organization.
More challenging times lie ahead.
Challis is the county seat of Custer County .
CHAM publications are payable by check only please.
Cham villagers are extremely poor, and their settlements convey a sense of impermanence.
A chamaeleon is a lizard
Chamaeleons are probably best known for their ability to change colors.
Chambal river flows through the district.
Chamber ensembles meet once a week with a faculty coach and rehearse additional hours.
Chamber ensembles perform on campus and in the community.
Chamber music can be any group of instruments from two up to about eight or nine .
Chamber music can be any group of instruments from two up to about eight or nine.
Chamber music emphasizes the principles and elements of collaborative music-making.
Chamber music is a constant activity, often supervised by staff.
Chamber music is a major area of performance opportunity for professional instrumentalists.
Chamber music is a way of being profoundly with oneself.
Chamber music is added for the semifinals.
Chamber music is all about playing in a small places with a small ensemble.
Chamber music is an integral part of any young performer's musical growth.
Chamber music is an unsung hero.
Chamber music is books.
Chamber music is classical music.
Chamber music is composed for a small ensemble with one player per part.
Chamber music is considered essential for the emerging professional musician.
Chamber music is essential.
Chamber music is featured along with local bands and dancers.
Chamber music is healthy and growing.
Chamber music is heard on shipboard on special cruises.
Chamber music is important.
Chamber music is intended for a small group of performers, with one player to a part.
Chamber music is meant to be performed in an intimate setting.
Chamber music is more intimate, like a family having fun and expressing themselves freely.
Chamber music is music for two, three, four, or maybe a few more, instruments.
Chamber music is musical style
Chamber music is one of the most sensitive, tricky things.
Chamber music is performed throughout the year by the Everest Quartet.
Chamber music is the foundation of good orchestral playing.
Chamber music is the second corner stone in the string area program.
Chamber music is written to be played in a small-audience hall.
Chamber music offers incredibly rewarding experiences for musicians of all ages and abilities.
Chamber music plays in the background.
Chamber music plays on the record player, a sad, slow melody perfect for a warm summer's night.
Chamber music takes a virtuoso.
Chamber of commerce can furnish walking tours.
Chamber of commerce is association
Chambers of commerce are a great starting point for infant businesses.
Chambers of commerce are good places to get information on vacation rentals.
Chambers of commerce are helpful in gathering local information.
Chambers of commerce can play a vital role in expanding business opportunities for women.
Chambers of commerce is advocacy organizations.
Chambers of commerce is association.
Some chambers of commerce maintain buying and selling services for businesses in their area.
Chamber pots consist of everything from small pots with lids to large metal cans.
Chamber pressure is maintained at one atmosphere.
Chamber pressure is shown in crusher units of pressure as well as psia.
Chamber pressure is supplied by a single turbopump.
Chamber pressures can vary significantly depending on types of systems being used.
Chamber stomachs contain bacteria.
Chamber stomachs contain ferment bacteria.
A chamber is an enclosure
Chamber experience a plus.
Chamber exposures to pressure and chamber operation familiarization are part of the elective.
Chamber is a feast of eight superb concerts over seven days.
Chamber isa structure.
Chamber Lunches With . . .
Chamber makes education a priority There are many ways of describing the importance of education.
Chamber needs two weeks advance notice of event, weekdays preferred.
Chamber offers free gift wrapping and door prizes.
Chamber offers spring seminar series.
Chamber promotes business positions on pending legislation.
Chamber provides opportunities for members to meet their elected representatives.
Chamber provides volunteers to handle door, name tags and raffle.
Chamber refers members services on a daily basis.
Chamber rests on top of base cabinet.
Chamber still functioning, looking for new president And the search continues.
Chamber transports the viewer from an ordinary space into an extraordinary space.
Chamber Works for ensembles of woodwinds.
Chambers aims for excellence and is proud to offer clients experience over a wide range of work.
Chambers also believes in partnering with other businesses.
Chambers also gives quite a performance as the student experimenting with drugs.
Chambers also has developing links with lawyers in Europe and North America.
Chambers also points out how ethics cases unintentionally privilege a male world view.
Chambers also undertakes conditional fee work and European law.
Chambers are also consumers of many products and services throughout the year.
Chambers are assemblies.
Chambers are books.
Chambers are cavities.
Chambers are dark and ladders that connect the levels are steep and menacing to climb.
Chambers are different sizes according to taste.
Chambers are enclosures.
Chambers are rooms.
Chambers are separated by membranes.
Chambers are to be contacted for information concerning emergency matters only.
Chambers are virtually waterproof with cut outs to suit piping and vents.
Chambers asserts that the bill is vaguely written and unconstitutional.
Chambers can accept instructions on computer disc subject to compatibility.
Chambers can be custom built t to any depth by layering multiple spacers.
Chambers can be dry-filled with pieces that fall inside.
Chambers can be dry-filled with pieces the fall inside.
Chambers can exercise powerful collective purchasing power on behalf of their members.
Chambers chairs the daffodil festival and is starting a local newspaper.
Chambers cites a similar scenario with e-commerce.
Chambers comes into the meet ranked second in the region.
Chambers considerably normalizes the spelling.
Chambers contain food.
Chambers contain particles.
Chambers contain substances.
Chambers continues to be employed by the respondent.
Chambers covers a wide catchment area of about a thirty mile radius.
Chambers crack open to release winged adults.
Chambers currently operates four landfills in western Pennsylvania.
Chambers depend solely on member support to maintain services provided and benefits offered.
Chambers describes a typical gait where the short leg steps down and the long leg is vaulting.
Chambers describes and analyses major past errors.
Chambers does a good job of exposing the fallacies of the Charismatic movement.
Chambers does a lot of team building, often on a personal level.
Chambers elsewhere operate primarily from membership dues and fundraising.
Chambers envisions a day when every classroom has a computer.
Chambers equates Internet years with dog years.
Chambers exist to furnish information concerning businesses in each community.
Chambers exudes a kind of warmth that is lacking in top executives of major Japanese companies.
Chambers face all sorts of barriers to running themselves as businesses.
Chambers feature entrances.
Chambers fill with air.
Chambers fill with fluid.
Chambers finance committee starts forming new way to charge rent based on agreed criteria.
Chambers fondly remembers the first time they ever worked together.
Chambers gets the dehairing and the spinning done by a commercial mill.
Chambers give business referrals to member businesses.
Chambers has a history of finding opportunity in gloomy situations.
Chambers has a pretty good case.
Chambers has a twofold game plan.
Chambers has a world of ability.
Chambers has additional troubles to contend with.
Chambers has two regular-season games left.
Chambers have (part) bases.
Chambers have (part) sections.
Chambers have areas.
Chambers have capability.
Chambers have capacity.
Chambers have computer control capability.
Chambers have cylindrical shapes.
Chambers have muscular walls.
Chambers have shapes.
Chambers have thick muscular walls.
Chambers have thick walls.
Chambers have walls.
Chambers hosts a monthly breakfast open to any employee whose birthday falls in that month.
Chambers involve themselves in public issues affecting roads, schools, transportation and business.
Chambers is a family-owned business.
Chambers is a fast athlete with potential.
Chambers is a legal scholar and authority on civil rights legislation.
Chambers is a longtime volunteer at the school.
Chambers is a master of poetry.
Chambers is a member for better or worse.
Chambers is a physical receiver with excellent speed and outstanding leaping ability.
Chambers is a popular ex-gay speaker.
Chambers is a promising artist whose greenness is obvious but charming.
Chambers is a star in the American business press.
Chambers is acknowledged as the leading social welfare historian in the United States.
Chambers is also available for arbitrations and for round-table conferences.
Chambers is also on the Internet.
Chambers is an old sailor.
Chambers is built like a runningback and has big play potential.
Chambers is by birth white and aristocratic.
Chambers is dead.
Chambers is delighted with the system.
Chambers is designed to meet the growing needs of solicitors and their clients.
Chambers is happy to encourage potential candidates to apply for a mini- pupillage.
Chambers is in better shape.
Chambers is in India for a two-day visit.
Chambers is intelligent and straightforward.
Chambers is known as a demanding leader, but one who is willing to take chances.
Chambers is on the institute faculty and is a former dean.
Chambers is probably the most likely to do so.
Chambers is the legal profession's principal and most respected guide.
Chambers is unrepentant.
Chambers just wants to see the issue resolved so the council and the citizens can move on.
Chambers knows a thing or two about growing a company.
Chambers knows that decisions in Washington have a direct effect on Cisco's bottom line.
Chambers later uses the name as that of a city.
Chambers leaves nothing to chance.
Chambers likes to boast of Cisco's paranoia, and the company does have real enemies.
Chambers likes to talk in terms of dog years.
Chambers make an important contribution to trust in commerce - and particularly ecommerce.
Chambers offer mini pupillage of one week's duration.
Chambers offers a salient slice of wisdom to families.
Chambers offers up seven originals, including two brand new pieces, performed by a dynamic quintet.
Chambers open up to disclose mysteries.
Chambers opposes the bill for two reasons.
Chambers pays for the compulsory education courses which the pupil has to attend.
Chambers plans to further compare the altimeter heat signals with temperature data.
Chambers points out.
Chambers present problems.
Chambers provide bottom line programs for businesses large and small.
Chambers provide shelter.
Chambers provides much-needed downfield stretch.
Chambers provides no other information.
Chambers relishes the enthusiastic reception that the demos have received.
Chambers remains optimistic about the long-term outlook for networking.
Chambers runs advocacy training evenings to mitigate the loss of opportunity to practise in court.
Chambers says establishing better district curriculum guidelines is what drives school change.
Chambers says fragrances and deodorizers are more popular in the winter months.
Chambers says it's like a family.
Chambers says research shows how odors affect our attitudes.
Chambers says research shows how odors can affect our attitudes.
Chambers says the board needs to reach out more to the larger community, but offered no proposals.
Chambers says they get e-mails all the time.
Chambers says throughout time, scents and odors have had an impact on people.
Chambers seems to recommend ethics as a more approachable subject than epistemology.
Chambers separate blood.
Chambers serve digestive functions.
Chambers serve functions.
Chambers shows d.
Chambers shows how the temperature, lights, and window blinds can be controlled remotely.
Chambers suggests reversal to readjust balance between outside and local rural knowledge.
Chambers takes a short bowed solo, followed by a great chorus from Jones.
Chambers tells a very Canadian tale.
Chambers typically focus on economic development, community development and member services.
Chambers typically have information on Alaska lodging, places to eat, entertainment and the like.
Chambers uses an aquarium to get an underwater shot.
Chambers vary in size, shape and capacity.
Chambers wants to make it clear just what exactly the role is of an alternate juror.
Chambers willl hold either foam inserts or bioMax biological media.
Chambers often are the catalyst for business opinions and representative for business needs.
All chambers are custom designed to fit the specific tank to minimize the chamber volume.
All chambers are part of single vacuum system operating under ultraclean conditions.
All chambers are programmable units with temperature, humidity and light control.
All chambers contain stainless steel interior with a powder-coated finish.
All chambers contain stainless steel interior with a power-coated finish.
All chambers utilize electron beam guns and precise optical monitoring for consistency.
Every chamber has a thin flat stone set on four edgewise sides.
Every chamber is a repository of vitality.
Every chamber is equipped with a quick-release mechanism.
Many chambers have highly successful health insurance programs available to their membership.
Many chambers have reduced hours during the off-season months, so call ahead.
Many chambers hold other networking events and educational seminars.
Many chambers hold regular networking events for small businesses.
Many chambers now have websites that include their relocation information.
Many chambers select an outstanding small business each year.
Many chambers share Web sites with tourism divisions.
Most chambers allow the patient to sleep, watch TV, or listen to music during the session.
Most chambers are extremely active in business networking.
Most chambers are large enough to comfortably treat both an adult and a child.
Most chambers are separated by membranes.
Most chambers contain food.
Most chambers contain particles.
Most chambers contain substances.
Most chambers feature entrances.
Most chambers fill with air.
Most chambers fill with fluid.
Most Chambers have a minimum membership fee for voting and membership privileges.
Most chambers have areas.
Most chambers have capability.
Most chambers have capacity.
Most chambers have computer control capability.
Most chambers have cylindrical shapes.
Most chambers have muscular walls.
Most chambers have shapes.
Most chambers have thick walls.
Most chambers have walls.
Most chambers list their members Internet addresses and provide links.
Most chambers maintain membership mailing lists and labels that they provide to their members.
Most chambers provide shelter.
Most chambers serve digestive functions.
Most chambers serve functions.
Some chambers are connected by tunnels.
Some chambers are covered by flaps.
Some chambers are covered by protective flaps.
Some chambers are easy to access - while others are a bit more difficult.
Some chambers are formed by layers.
Some chambers compose of calcites.
Some chambers consist of dinner tables.
Some chambers consist of tables.
Some chambers contain bacteria.
Some chambers contain carbon.
Some chambers contain chemicals.
Some chambers contain different chemicals.
Some chambers contain ferment bacteria.
Some chambers contain fish.
Some chambers contain fluid.
Some chambers contain manure.
Some chambers contain mist.
Some chambers contain oil mist.
Some chambers contain ovules.
Some chambers contain seeds.
Some chambers contain sound.
Some chambers contain water.
Some chambers fill with aromatic seeds.
Some chambers fill with gases.
Some chambers fill with seeds.
Some chambers fill with small seeds.
Some chambers fill with smoke.
Some chambers have a reputation for being better value than others.
Some chambers have a set schedule of charges for services for non-members.
Some chambers have bases.
Some chambers have depressions.
Some chambers have grids.
Some chambers have resources.
Some chambers have slight depressions.
Some chambers help bonds.
Some chambers help pair bonds.
Some chambers line with feathers.
Some chambers line with leaves.
Some chambers print color postcards showing scenes of the area.
Some chambers pump blood.
Some chambers reduce condensation.
Some chambers require modifications.
Some chambers show positions.
Some chambers surround organs.
Some chambers use for heat.
Some chambers use masks but the same rationale applies.
ChamberBiz partners have the right to block ads from their sites.
A chamberlain is a treasurer
Chamberlain commends both schools for showing such increases across the board.
Chamberlain faces a dilemma.
Chamberlain first invites the hungry men to eat.
Chamberlain isa individual.
Chamberlain isa person.
Chamberlain isa somebody.
Chamberlain isa someone.
Chamberlain lives and works in Florida.
Chamberlains are stewards.
Chamberlains are to strive for the profit of the community.
Chamberlains are treasurers.
Chamberlains have (part) arms.
Chamberlains have (part) body substances.
Chamberlains have (part) cell membranes.
Chamberlains have (part) cells.
Chamberlains have (part) corpi.
Chamberlains have (part) cytoplasm.
Chamberlains have (part) heads.
Chamberlains have (part) human bodies.
Chamberlains have (part) legs.
Chamberlains have (part) material bodies.
Chamberlains have (part) necks.
Chamberlains have (part) nuclei.
Chamberlains have (part) personality.
Chamberlains have (part) plasma membranes.
Chamberlains have (part) sections.
Chamberlains have (part) vacuoles.
Some chamberlains become great team players.
Some chamberlains become players.
Some chamberlains become team players.
Some chamberlains have children.
Some chamberlains pass at ages.
A chambermaid is a maid
Chambermaid is a small film with big intentions that are never fully developed.
Chambermaids are dead to every human instinct.
Chambers county has one hospital located in Valley.
A chameleon is a lizard
Chameleon also makes an appearance.
Chameleon are cool.
Chameleon can sometimes seize when the connection has dropped.
Chameleon comes straight off the shelf and is simple to use.
Chameleon does provide a modicum of error management.
Chameleon exhibits the perfect blend of colors to make any engagement fun and exciting.
Chameleon has a large crest on top of their heads.
Chameleon has a varied habitat because the species belong to the diverse family of reptiles.
Chameleon helps to maintain large websites which are composed of many files.
Chameleon is a rapid prototyping tool used to develop new graphical user interface concepts.
Chameleon is a research prototype.
Chameleon is a semi-clear ninja that morphs between all the other ninjas.
Chameleon is a type of lizard.
Chameleon is available with four different user interface and documentation translations.
Chameleon is nearly complete.
Chameleon is quite simply a revolution in display technology.
Chameleon is the English common name of several species in several genera .
Chameleon isa lizard.
Chameleon magically changes color with reflected light for maxium effects use it on dark surfaces .
Chameleon makes child s play of the process.
Chameleon only supplies a manual conversion process.
Chameleon seems to connect okay, but nothing works properly.
Chameleon watches that adapt to every situation.
Chameleons achieve a similar effect through rapid molecular signaling within and between cells.
Chameleons adapt color.
Chameleons also change color when they are angry or scared.
Chameleons are a high maintenance pet relative to most other reptiles.
Chameleons are a highly specialized group of lizards, well adapted to life in the trees.
Chameleons are also very territorial.
Chameleons are an intriguing reptile pet, but require specialized knowledge for successful keeping.
Chameleons are arboreal and have adapted to live their lives in trees.
Chameleons are best know for their ability to change color.
Chameleons are blue.
Chameleons are cold-blooded animals, meaning that their body temperature varies with the weather.
Chameleons are everywhere.
Chameleons are family of lizards found in Europe, Africa, and Asia.
Chameleons are famous for their ability to change color.
Chameleons are generally oviparous, although a few produce living young.
Chameleons are insectivores.
Chameleons are just dead-boring compared to octopuses.
Chameleons are lizards.
Chameleons are loners.
Chameleons are most famous for their ability to change colors.
Chameleons are one of the few animals that have flexible skeletal structure.
Chameleons are our passion.
Chameleons are people.
Chameleons are pink and fast Because they're green and slow.
Chameleons are primarily insectivores meaning they eat various insects.
Chameleons are quite difficult to detect in the wild under any circumstances.
Chameleons are really an advanced lizard keepers pet.
Chameleons are relatively small lizards, best known for their unique physical adaptations.
Chameleons are reptiles that are part of the iguana suborder.
Chameleons are reptiles.
Chameleons are shy and slow-moving.
Chameleons are solitary and extremely territorial, rejecting even the company of other chameleons.
Chameleons are such fascinating reptiles.
Chameleons are unique lizards that live in a variety of climates and locations.
Chameleons are vulnerable when molting and on the ground.
Chameleons are, with exception of a few species, unique to Madagascar.
Chameleons attain reasonable size.
Chameleons attain size.
Chameleons belong to a large group of primitive lizards, the Iguania.
Chameleons born in captivity tend to acclimate better and in many cases are less fearful of people.
Chameleons can also be hand-fed water by offering the tip of an eyedropper or syringe hub.
Chameleons can change colors.
Chameleons can change colour to match their background and avoid being spotted by predators.
Chameleons can change their color because of a very complex cell system.
Chameleons can change their skin color to match their surroundings.
Chameleons can even change their colour to match their backgrounds.
Chameleons can have very distinctive personalities.
Chameleons can live long healthy lives with proper care.
Chameleons can move one eye without moving the other.
Chameleons can move their eyes in two different directions at the same time.
Chameleons can tightly grasp a thin limb.
Chameleons catch insects.
Chameleons catch prey.
Chameleons change colors in order to communicate.
Chameleons change colors to adapt to the surroundings.
Chameleons change colors to reflect or absorb light and temperature.
Chameleons change their color and catch the prey with their tongue.
Chameleons change their color as a response to temperature, or to communicate with other chameleons.
Chameleons change their skin colour in response to temperature, light, and mood.
Chameleons communicate with each other through subtle color changes.
Chameleons consume prey.
Chameleons defend territory.
Chameleons display color.
Chameleons display diversity.
Chameleons do best when living alone.
Chameleons drink water.
Chameleons eat flies and mosquitoes.
Chameleons eat insects and birds.
Chameleons eat insects.
Chameleons eat locusts, grasshoppers, crickets, mantis and stick insects.
Chameleons eat matter.
Chameleons eat plants.
Chameleons establish territory.
Chameleons exhibit remarkable optical phenomena.
Chameleons feed on leaves.
Chameleons get food.
Chameleons go away when food items no longer presents.
Chameleons grow up to twenty-five inches long.
Chameleons have (part) brains.
Chameleons have (part) breasts.
Chameleons have (part) cell membranes.
Chameleons have (part) cells.
Chameleons have (part) chest cavities.
Chameleons have (part) chests.
Chameleons have (part) corpi.
Chameleons have (part) cytoplasm.
Chameleons have (part) ears.
Chameleons have (part) faces.
Chameleons have (part) heads.
Chameleons have (part) nuclei.
Chameleons have (part) pedal extremities.
Chameleons have (part) plasma membranes.
Chameleons have (part) rib cages.
Chameleons have (part) sections.
Chameleons have (part) skulls.
Chameleons have (part) sterna.
Chameleons have (part) vacuoles.
Chameleons have (part) vertebrate feet.
Chameleons have a long, prehensile tail and a helmet-like casque on the head.
Chameleons have aggressive behavior.
Chameleons have behavior.
Chameleons have bright colors and patterns to warn other chameleons to stay away.
Chameleons have color.
Chameleons have complex behavior.
Chameleons have desirable behavior.
Chameleons have different color.
Chameleons have eyes.
Chameleons have features.
Chameleons have five toes on each foot.
Chameleons have habitats.
Chameleons have long sticky tongues that they can fire out in a fraction of a second.
Chameleons have long tongues.
Chameleons have long, sticky tongues for catching bugs.
Chameleons have prehensile tails.
Chameleons have senses.
Chameleons have some amazing physical features.
Chameleons have tails.
Chameleons have toes.
Chameleons have tongues.
Chameleons have two more specialized adaptations.
Chameleons have vary habitats.
Chameleons have very long sticky tongues that they can shoot out of their mouths for a long way.
Chameleons have very sticky tongues to catch insects, which is their food source.
Chameleons hide signs of illness until they are very weak.
Chameleons lay white, oval, tough-skinned eggs, which are buried in warm sand until they hatch.
Chameleons like to climb high up off the ground to the height is of utmost importance.
Chameleons live in trees and bushes.
Chameleons live in trees.
Chameleons look in two directions at once and change colors when they're under stress.
Chameleons mostly live in Madagascar.
Chameleons move eyes.
Chameleons move one square in any direction.
Chameleons move slowly, using one limb at the time.
Chameleons naturally drink off of leaves after it has rained.
Chameleons need calcium.
Chameleons only have enough digestive fluids to digest the ideal sized meal .
Chameleons perceive all moving objects as a potential threat.
Chameleons primarily eat insects, although larger species can eat birds and other lizards.
Chameleons push tongues.
Chameleons refuse little in the way of live invertebrates.
Chameleons reproduce sexually.
Chameleons require time and a lot of care.
Chameleons resemble lizards.
Chameleons reside in habitats.
Chameleons retract tongues.
Chameleons roam earth.
Chameleons seek prey.
Chameleons spend their life in trees and bushes.
Chameleons survive in captive environments.
Chameleons survive in environments.
Chameleons survive in habitats.
Chameleons survive in natural habitats.
Chameleons survive, and no one thinks to ask what a chameleon is thinking.
Chameleons swallow food.
Chameleons tend to move very slowly.
Chameleons tend to spend most of their time in trees.
Chameleons tend to swell in the throat, neck, and chest.
Chameleons use accomodative cues to judge distance.
Chameleons vary greatly in size, color, and longevity.
Chameleons vary in size and body structure.
Chameleons vary in size.
Chameleons wait for prey.
Chameleons often lean around branches to try to hide from disturbances.
All chameleons are egg-laying reptiles.
All chameleons are similar in that they hunt with the use of a specialized eyes and tongue.
Many chameleons prefer dead branches over live plants.
Most chameleons adapt color.
Most chameleons attain reasonable size.
Most chameleons attain size.
Most chameleons catch prey.
Most chameleons change from brown to green and back, but some can turn almost any colour.
Most chameleons consume prey.
Most chameleons defend territory.
Most chameleons display color.
Most chameleons display diversity.
Most chameleons drink water.
Most chameleons eat insects.
Most chameleons eat matter.
Most chameleons eat plants.
Most chameleons establish territory.
Most chameleons feed on leaves.
Most chameleons get food.
Most chameleons have a prehensile tail that they use to wrap around tree branches.
Most chameleons have aggressive behavior.
Most chameleons have behavior.
Most chameleons have color.
Most chameleons have complex behavior.
Most chameleons have desirable behavior.
Most chameleons have different color.
Most chameleons have eyes.
Most chameleons have habitats.
Most chameleons have long tongues.
Most chameleons have prehensile tails.
Most chameleons have senses.
Most chameleons have tails.
Most chameleons have toes.
Most chameleons have tongues.
Most chameleons live in trees and move very slowly.
Most chameleons live in trees.
Most chameleons move eyes.
Most chameleons prefer to live alone.
Most chameleons push tongues.
Most Chameleons refuse to drink water from a bowl.
Most chameleons resemble lizards.
Most chameleons reside in habitats.
Most chameleons retract tongues.
Most chameleons seek prey.
Most chameleons survive in captive environments.
Most chameleons survive in environments.
Most chameleons survive in habitats.
Most chameleons survive in natural habitats.
Most chameleons wait for prey.
Some chameleons absorb calcium.
Some chameleons absorb extra calcium.
Some chameleons also change colors to help their bodies adjust to changes in temperature or light.
Some chameleons attract mates.
Some chameleons bring good luck.
Some chameleons bring luck.
Some chameleons change color.
Some chameleons change colors to hide themselves.
Some chameleons consume dirt.
Some chameleons develop heat.
Some chameleons dig holes.
Some chameleons excrete calcium solely by way of the urinary system.
Some chameleons excrete calcium.
Some chameleons feed on arthropods.
Some chameleons have cell layers.
Some chameleons have colour ranges.
Some chameleons have distinction.
Some chameleons have horns.
Some chameleons have layers.
Some chameleons have prominent horns.
Some chameleons have proper care.
Some chameleons have ranges.
Some chameleons have several cell layers.
Some chameleons have several layers.
Some chameleons like to have a pool to drink or bath from.
Some chameleons occupy dry plateaus.
Some chameleons occupy plateaus.
Some chameleons prey on chameleon lizards.
Some chameleons prey on lizards.
Some chameleons reach maturity.
Some chameleons reach sexual maturity.
Some chameleons receive diets.
Some chameleons regulate body temperature.
Some chameleons regulate own body temperature.
Some chameleons regulate temperature.
Some chameleons shed skin.
Chamfer cylinder crowns.
A chamois leather is a leather
Chamois leather is napped, or sueded, on both sides and is very absorbent.
Chamois towels dry easily and take up minimal space.
Chamois isa leather.
Chamomile flowers are famous for the nervous as well as the digestive system.
Chamomile flowers are the most popular for steam facials.
Chamomile tea has similar effect.
Chamomile tea is a good tension reliever.
Chamomile tea is a great heartburn reliever for pregnant women.
Chamomile tea is a natural sleep aid.
Chamomile tea is a popular insomnia treatment, especially for children.
Chamomile tea is a popular night time beverage.
Chamomile tea is amazing stuff for babies.
Chamomile tea is an alternative.
Chamomile tea is an excellent home remedy for upset stomachs.
Chamomile tea is another remedy.
Chamomile tea is even safe for infants.
Chamomile tea is extremely safe, though ingestion of large amounts can lead to stomach upset.
Chamomile tea is made from one ounce of dried flowers to a pint of boiling water.
Chamomile tea is made from the flowers only, dried or fresh, and is a good aid for digestion.
Chamomile tea is prepared from the flowers and has a soothing mild flavor.
Chamomile tea is prepared from the flowers and has a soothing, mild flavor.
Chamomile tea is safe for infants as is fennel tea which is also used for gas.
Chamomile tea is very easy to make and has a mild, pleasant taste.
Chamomile tea is very soothing and relaxing.
Chamomile tea is very soothing for animals to enjoy.
Chamomile tea makes a fantastic hair rinse for blondes.
Chamomile tea remains popular for mild tension and stress.
Chamomile acts as a carminative as well as soothing and toning agent for the digestive tract.
Chamomile appears to be generally safe, and can be used during pregnancy and lactation.
Chamomile calms the mind and is very soothing to the skin.
Chamomile calms the nerves.
Chamomile calms the nervous stomach.
Chamomile can also be part of a soothing, healing skin regime.
Chamomile contains aromatic compounds that provide a sedative effect, reduce muscle spasms and pain.
Chamomile contains calcium, a natural nervine.
Chamomile contains the amino acid tryptophan.
Chamomile dominates a blend so it s great to add a touch of lavender to it.
Chamomile gives patience, peace and calms the mind.
Chamomile grows at the base of the entranceway and nasturtiums spill over the edges.
Chamomile grows in well-drained soil in partial to full sun.
Chamomile grows throughout the world.
Chamomile has a sweet light apple taste and aroma.
Chamomile Has a warming, soothing effect on the body.
Chamomile has anti-inflammatory effects and is often used as a digestive aid.
Chamomile has anti-inflammatory properties.
Chamomile has many uses.
Chamomile helps reduce stress and anxiety.
Chamomile helps to relieve anxiety.
Chamomile is a classic remedy for teething pains in children.
Chamomile is a digestive tonic and increases the flow of digestive secretions.
Chamomile is a flowering plant in the daisy family that is native to Europe and Asia.
Chamomile is a gentle, soothing herb that calms both the stomach and the nerves.
Chamomile is a great balancer.
Chamomile is a hardy perennial that prefers moist soil and full sun.
Chamomile is a herb that soothes colds, asthma, fever, headaches, muscle cramps and pain.
Chamomile is a herb
Chamomile is a member of the daisy family of plants, which includes ragweed.
Chamomile is a mild anti-microbial, as is red thyme oil.
Chamomile is a pioneer herb and can collect trace minerals.
Chamomile is a pioneer plant and can collect trace minerals from poor soils.
Chamomile is a valuable herb that has been used for many centuries to soothe and re-vitalize skin.
Chamomile is a very gentle herb for children.
Chamomile is also a premiere emmenagogue, or woman's herb.
Chamomile is also an effective diaphoretic herb.
Chamomile is also superb for headaches of all types, including migraines.
Chamomile is also wonderful for menstrual cramps.
Chamomile is an annual that adapts to most soils, likes lots of water and full sun.
Chamomile is an anti-inflammatory, soothing herb useful during the cold season.
Chamomile is an emollient, softens skin and can help heal irritated skin.
Chamomile is an essential oil with a long tradition.
Chamomile is an excellent botanical for extremely sensitive skin.
Chamomile is another anti-stress, calming herb.
Chamomile is another good anti-inflammatory that s also soothing to gastrointestinal tissues.
Chamomile is another herb that calms an upset tummy.
Chamomile is as much used as a carminative as a mild sedative.
Chamomile is available in a variety of preparations.
Chamomile is believed to be an antidepressant, and to help with insomnia.
Chamomile is commonly available as a tea rather than in tablets or capsules.
Chamomile is easy.
Chamomile is edible and medicinal.
Chamomile is especially useful for digestive conditions with a nervous component such as dyspepsia.
Chamomile is excellent for improving the skin's texture and soothing sore, dry skin.
Chamomile is excellent for several body systems at once.
Chamomile is herbs.
Chamomile is high in Niacin to help digestion and circulation.
Chamomile is in the ragweed family.
Chamomile is kept on grow nutrient to reduce the flowering.
Chamomile is known as both a pretty flower and an ancient healer.
Chamomile is mild enough for everyday use, and almost everyone can enjoy it.
Chamomile is mild sedative, used customarily in mild sleep disorders, particularly in children.
Chamomile is one of the best known and most versatile of medicinal plants.
Chamomile is one of the best selling herbs on the market.
Chamomile is one of the gentlest of the oils.
Chamomile is one of the mildest herbs known.
Chamomile is one of the most beneficial herbs for hair.
Chamomile is one of the most popular herbal therapies in the world.
Chamomile is one of the oldest herb-garden favorites.
Chamomile is one of the very best nervine herbs.
Chamomile is perfectly safe for children.
Chamomile is proven to have a relaxing and analgesic effect for cancer patients.
Chamomile is put in shampoos to enhance golden highlights of blond hair.
Chamomile is quite safe.
Chamomile is regarded as an excellent oil for helping to ease post-sport muscular aches and pains.
Chamomile is reputed to keep nightmares at bay.
Chamomile is the most popular herbal calmative in the world today and is one of the safest to use.
Chamomile is thought to have relaxing and analgesic effects.
Chamomile is used as a sedative.
Chamomile is used extensively in Europe for the skin and hair.
Chamomile is used in a wide range of products.
Chamomile is used in prosperity charms to attract money.
Chamomile is used in the treatment of burns, including sunburn.
Chamomile is used to counter hair loss and add natural highlights.
Chamomile is useful in spells for luck and gambling as well.
Chamomile provides calcium, magnesium iron, and trace minerals.
Chamomile reduces irritability.
Chamomile reduces stress.
Chamomile relieves oral swelling and pain, and is useful against dermatological ailments.
Chamomile Use to aide digestion.
Chamomile works well at night time.
Chamomile frequently produces allergic rhinitis or anaphylactic shock in some people.
Champ cars have many gears, and to go fast one just shifts a gear and nudges forward.
Champ cars sound great.
A champ is a competitor
Champ alleges that the personnel crisis justifies extra funding.
Champ isa individual.
Champ isa person.
Champ isa somebody.
Champ isa someone.
Champ loves attention and knows sit, shake hands and walks well on lead.
Champ loves to swim in the pool, and can play with a tennis ball for hours.
Champs are artificial satellites.
Champs die hard.
Champs formulate theories.
Champs have (part) arms.
Champs have (part) body substances.
Champs have (part) cell membranes.
Champs have (part) cells.
Champs have (part) corpi.
Champs have (part) cytoplasm.
Champs have (part) heads.
Champs have (part) human bodies.
Champs have (part) legs.
Champs have (part) material bodies.
Champs have (part) necks.
Champs have (part) nuclei.
Champs have (part) personality.
Champs have (part) plasma membranes.
Champs have (part) sections.
Champs have (part) vacuoles.
Most champs formulate theories.
Some champs have a brief moment of glory before fading quickly from view.
Champagne breakfast is served after the flight.
Champagne production is dominated by the large, familiar international brands.
Champagne ages faster in warm temperatures.
Champagne comes from the region of the same name in France.
Champagne comes in a variety of sweetness levels.
Champagne comes only from the region of La Champagne , France.
Champagne ferments out very dry and has a high alcohol tolerance.
Champagne flows freely.
Champagne has bubbles.
Champagne is alcoholic beverages.
Champagne is alcoholic drinks.
Champagne is drinks.
Champagne is located in weddings.
Champagne is wine
Champagne is wine.
Champagne isa wine.
Champagne ripens better in magnums than in standard bottles, and less well in half bottles.
Champagne sound on a beer budget.
Champagne toasts for bridal party.
Champagne toasts on the house are a given.
Champagne too is a good combination with all shellfish and oysters especially.
Champagnes can be sensual, powerful, intense, with spicy and red fruit overtones.
Champagnes go through an initial fermentation in tanks that form a very acidic still wine.
Champagnes have different names depending on how much sugar is added .
Champagnes have different names depending on how much sugar is added.
Most champagnes are amber or light straw in color.
Most Champagnes are far too dry to serve with dessert.
Most Champagnes contain about four atmospheres of carbon dioxide.
Champaign County continues to shine in the economic analysis of the Midwest.
Champaign County has an exceptionally interesting history.
Champaign County is in Illinois.
Champaign County is in the center of the region served by the group.
Champaign County is the ideal American County, a fine place to work, live and raise a family.
Champion dogs can earn a lot of prize money.
Champion industries is proud to offer a variety of solid film libricants used to optimize rotation.
Champions of change are a critical component to effectively managing change.
Champion trees are big, and to get big, they have to be old.
A champion is a competitor
Champion attempts to break it but just gets angrier.
Champion builds replacement windows from scratch.
Champion delivers custom designed fan packages for any industrial environment.
Champion furnishes deskside containers for all clean, dry paper and paper products.
Champion isa individual.
Champion isa person.
Champion isa somebody.
Champion isa someone.
Champion opposes the grant for injunctive relief, essentially on the following three grounds.
Champion points out the symbolism of the long coat to a visitor.
Champion points out the tell-tale signs as the group moves along.
Champion ranks as the world s most popular brand of spark plugs.
Champion sidecars is proud to introduce it's new luxury touring trailer.
Champions achieve their true purpose in life, measuring themselves by a higher standard.
Champions addresses the space issue with large rolling lockers housing materials.
Champions also has multiple telephone hookup capabilities as well as closed circuit television.
Champions also hosts several indoor tournaments throughout the year.
Champions also possess reliability .
Champions are champions.
Champions are communicators who help advance the concept of community health.
Champions are defenders.
Champions are different from the average youngster.
Champions are energetic and committed to public service.
Champions are first and foremost survivors.
Champions are games.
Champions are good with people and usually have a wide range of personal relationships.
Champions are here.
Champions are in parentheses.
Champions are key to stimulate interest and grow awareness of the system's advantages.
Champions are likely to both promote lifelong learning and be lifelong learners.
Champions are made, or, to be more accurate, they make themselves.
Champions are ordinary people with extraordinary determination.
Champions are people.
Champions are rivals.
Champions are the the three who are doffing their hats.
Champions are to be nurtured and rewarded.
Champions are usually in leadership roles.
Champions arrive early and stay late.
Champions become champions by discipline.
Champions begin games.
Champions believe in themselves even if no one does.
Champions believe with all of their hearts that they deserve to be champion.
Champions build two or three models at the same time.
Champions Click on the photographs to go to the drivers page.
Champions develop resistance and when behind they fight until things turn around.
Champions do one thing better than everyone else.
Champions do that.
Champions encourages children to challenge themselves and explore their world.
Champions features a video arcade with games that return tickets to be redeemed for prizes.
Champions forget they re in a race, they just love to run.
Champions give personal care appropriate to another's emotional needs.
Champions give personal care appropriate to the other person's emotional needs.
Champions guard the desires of their hearts.
Champions has two different types of memberships.
Champions have (part) arms.
Champions have (part) body substances.
Champions have (part) cell membranes.
Champions have (part) cells.
Champions have (part) corpi.
Champions have (part) cytoplasm.
Champions have (part) heads.
Champions have (part) human bodies.
Champions have (part) legs.
Champions have (part) material bodies.
Champions have (part) necks.
Champions have (part) nuclei.
Champions have (part) personality.
Champions have (part) plasma membranes.
Champions have (part) sections.
Champions have (part) vacuoles.
Champions have a wide range and variety of emotions, and a great passion for novelty.
Champions have additional tools to keep the database accurate and managed.
Champions have an inner conceit.
Champions have confidence in their own ability to meet and conquer adversity.
Champions hold their material appetites in check.
Champions is a safe place.
Champions is about golf, and making the golf experience as perfect and pure as it can be.
Champions is independent of and different from our flagship sponsorship program.
Champions is on the left side of the street.
Champions is open for lunch, dinner, and late-night entertainment.
Champions is open seven days a week, 'till late - for lunch, dinner and dancing.
Champions is perfect for a sandwich between rounds of golf.
Champions is really two books in one.
Champions keep playing until they get it right.
Champions know and make the right play in any given situation.
Champions know how to rebound.
Champions lead by example and unwavering enthusiasm.
Champions live forever.
Champions look to find an edge.
Champions make their mistakes, their compromises.
Champions manage their minds better than the rest.
Champions match the rubber motor to the propeller.
Champions offers a variety of adult leagues year round.
Champions offers a variety of interactive games and specializes in private and office parties.
Champions offers one of the largest go-kart tracks in the state of Nebraska.
Champions place boundaries on what they eat and drink, and the types of people they hob nob with.
Champions possess strength.
Champions proactively provide outreach and publicly promote supply chain management.
Champions quit when they hold the gold.
Champions reap the benefit of their wins through sales.
Champions receive nine points, while the runner-ups receive eight points, etc.
Champions respond to a challenge.
Champions seek the good of others irrespective of their own feelings.
Champions stay in the game.
Champions step up at championship time.
Champions typically have influence on campus.
Champions understand the value of endurance.
Champions win races, winning makes money, money pays the bills.
Champions often see their falterings in life as opportunity.
Champions usually have a coach.
Champions usually wear gold.
All champions are like that.
Every champion has their moments.
Most champions begin games.
Most champions possess strength.
Some champions carry pain.
Some champions have outstanding records in earning challenge certificates.
Some champions have statistics.
Some champions possess horses.
Some champions recruit warriors.
Some champions say that they had to practice daily.
Championship baseball is next, on the Connection.
Championship also houses a putting green and chipping area for golfers along with a driving range.
Championship bloodlines both sides.
Championship Goes Down To The Wire.
Championship includes some of the best skiers and snowboarders from around the world.
Championship is a contest against five other cars in a series of races.
Championship is a team effort.
Championship is competition.
Championship is contests.
Championship is high status
Championship is the premier race for the top six crews.
Championship is where the game begins to take shape.
Championship oceanside gold course, swimming pool, tennis, croquet greenswards.
Championship show reults.
Championships are at three different levels.
Championships are championships.
Championships are great, but it s always been each race that is more important.
Championships are of secondary importance.
Championships bring an awesome responsibility.
Championships generally offer excellent paybacks and incentives.
Championships have their moments, but relegation battles have even more.
Championships is one of the most prestigious in the world.
Championships mean everything.
Championship sometimes comes with a surprising award.
All championships are back on.
Every championship has a different theme.
Chancay tunics are varied in sizes and style.
Chance cards can be either positive or negative.
Chance encounter is also part of the ubiquitous mix.
Chance error is due to variability of samples taken.
Chance games involve no control over the final outcome.
A chance is possibility
Chance actually has no memory and neither does nature.
Chance allows some pollen to land on the scales of female cones.
Chance alone can do it.
Chance alone dictates who meets what among the alien races in space.
Chance alone is the source of all innovation and creation in the biosphere.
Chance also customizes rides for customers who want a specific theme.
Chance also determines the development of an organism.
Chance also plays a certain role, ensuring that the same situation is never repeated.
Chance are alcohol is going to be around at some point.
Chance are it'll be delicious even if it is calves' brains.
Chance are like an pen next prompt asics tarther ds.
Chance becomes much less of a likely factor.
Chance can also represent a token.
Chance continues to be active in the field.
Chance covers the world s top casinos and provides expert advice on gaming.
Chance deserve Explanation across many coal during a concern.
Chance determines what kind of device a species uses.
Chance does an amazing job.
Chance encounters change history's course every day.
Chance encounters in the field also appear to be more common than before in some areas.
Chance encounters on planned trips often yield serendipitous results.
Chance exists to represent product in another country.
Chance exists when everyone is on an equal footing.
Chance extends an invitation for prayer.
Chance extracts data from maps, graphs, tables and charts.
Chance favors arrival of some propagules more than others at any given time.
Chance favors only the prepared mind.
Chance favors the prepared mind.
Chance favors the trained mind.
Chance favours the prepared mind.
Chance favours the prepared.
Chance feels mandatory defenses are unnecessary.
Chance finds occur very often.
Chance happens to all, but to turn chance to account is the gift of few.
Chance has a long history of community leadership and involvement.
Chance has little or nothing to do with it.
Chance has many faces, inscrutable insect eyes that multiply like mirrors reflecting a single point.
Chance has no essance behind it.
Chance has no isness.
Chance has no material content.
Chance has no memory .
Chance has no memory.
Chance has no power.
Chance has twenty years of being a reality-based problem solver.
Chance holds sway, and it more often misses than hits.
Chance hops over the big man to the second turnbuckle.
Chance hops up and jumps to the second rope.
Chance hops up and perches on the top rope.
Chance hops up on the apron and hits the ref from behind.
Chance improve like any patriots collectibles.
Chance involves how likely the outcome is to occur.
Chance is .
Chance is a hard-working guy.
Chance is a magazine about statistics and the use of statistics in society.
Chance is a major component, as it was in several of the scores.
Chance is a non-entity.
Chance is a quantitative literacy course.
Chance is a rescue dog from a local shelter.
Chance is a ruminant-whisperer.
Chance is a simple, uncarved block.
Chance is a special needs little guy.
Chance is a survival of religion in the modern city . . .
Chance is affected by people's misconception of what the garden really represents.
Chance is also a magazine about statistics.
Chance is always powerful.
Chance is an invalid mechanism to explain the complexities seen in all parts of the cosmos.
Chance is an unconventional math course.
Chance is an undeniable feature of the created universe.
Chance is another funny lesson.
Chance is another.
Chance is at work.
Chance is available for adoption.
Chance is based in Memphis.
Chance is built like a halter horse.
Chance is crate-trained and is housebroken.
Chance is destiny.
Chance is determined by the activities of participants over whom the mailer has no control.
Chance is emblematic of how the selfish tyrannize the generous.
Chance is enraged and wants the professor fired.
Chance is for sale to an experienced competition home only.
Chance is good at drawing and likes to read.
Chance is headquartered in Lafayette, Louisiana with a division office in Houston, Texas.
Chance is in a continual state of lust.
Chance is in pretty good shape, a bit dehydrated and matted, but sound.
Chance is interviewed by other businessmen and the media.
Chance is invoked to explain random events.
Chance is irrelevant.
Chance is just a simple man, who grew up with an old man, and who likes television.
Chance is left in a very difficult situation.
Chance is like an uncarved block of wood.
Chance is looked at very superficially.
Chance is nothing, and therefore can be the cause of nothing.
Chance is now across.
Chance is now in a loving foster home.
Chance is now superintendent in Franklin County.
Chance is on the left.
Chance is only a few days old.
Chance is only a one face man.
Chance is predictable to an extent.
Chance is really a very sweet, lovable dog.
Chance is reflected in the way the items are arranged on a particular card.
Chance is sensitive, caring, flexible and capable of change.
Chance is short, and fat.
Chance is sponsored by Pets and People .
Chance is the creator and designer of the universe.
Chance is the element in which courage thrives.
Chance is the most important factor in change.
Chance is the surprising unexpected twist in time.
Chance is they are back out as some of the old favourites go back in.
Chance is to probability what necessity is to .
Chance is too variable and many-sided a factor.
Chance is very affectionate and willing.
Chance is very wise and speaks very well.
Chance isa being.
Chance isa existence.
Chance just gets to the victim in record time and barks like there is no tomorrow.
Chance keep away that clemson clothing.
Chance knows best.
Chance knows nothing of reason, ethics, or freedom.
Chance knows that from experience.
Chance Learn how to avoid cultural misunderstandings.
Chance lies in the realm of accidental causes.
Chance loves authentic Italian cooking and extreme sports.
Chance makes our parents but choice makes our friends.
Chance makes our parents, but choice makes our friends.
Chance means that winners are selected by a random process.
Chance occurs due to fuzzy initial conditions.
Chance offers no protection against sexually transmitted diseases .
Chance offers no safety.
Chance peppers our lives with uncertainty - but uncertainty can be quantified through probability.
Chance plays a considerable part even at the highest level.
Chance plays a much greater role in the near term and is a much smaller factor in the long term.
Chance plays a part, especially with small sample sizes.
Chance plays a part.
Chance plays a role in our lives, in a way that is sometimes very threatening.
Chance plays an important part in what species arrive and when.
Chance plays an influential role there.
Chance plays as important role in phenomena causing disease.
Chance plays in the most imaginative ways.
Chance plays no part in the selection of a fortnightly winner.
Chance plays no part.
Chance plays only a small role in the success of an interviewee who is well prepared.
Chance plays the defining role here.
Chance plays the dominant role in short term performance.
Chance preaches it straight forward.
Chance remain for that bank yet encourage snowmobiles.
Chance responds in one way.
Chance runs in landing a jumping corner avalanche.
Chance says the more the merrier.
Chance scares many people.
Chance seems to determine which gene the parent passes on, the dominant or the recessive.
Chance seems to prefer wherever everyone else is.
Chance selects a fabric for sleep sacks and then tests the fabric before sewing.
Chance sew before none safety since left gran canaria weather.
Chance simply shows up.
Chance stands in the midst of the pyro, unhappy.
Chance succeed Cruelty to wire under all herbal medication before follow throughout one fifteen.
Chance tells time by how large plants have grown.
Chance then disposes of the aforementioned biker.
Chance thus plays a large role in determin- ing which species happen to bridge the gap.
Chance tries to explain.
Chance uses the metaphor of the garden without knowledge of it.
Chance weigh past a makers but wept pioneer cassette deck.
Chances Are .
Chances are a company with preferred stock also has unsecured debt.
Chances are a curious squirrel is coming in to investigate.
Chances are a girl is going to be fine.
Chances are a lot.
Chances are a use file already exists to accomplish the majority of routine tasks.
Chances are a weld broke, and when one goes they'll all go.
Chances are a well-known actor is receiving an award right now.
Chances are about the same as getting struck by lightening.
Chances are all owners are sleeping.
Chances are all that is required is a little polishing.
Chances are another student has also wondered the same thing.
Chances are anyone with such symptoms is suffering from dengue fever.
Chances are better if the ink was injected on the same level.
Chances are better than even that they are talking on a cell phone.
Chances are better than ever for new laws allowing more immigration.
Chances are better that you'l pull it off.
Chances are better, analysts said, for a continuation of the interim status agreed to at Oslo.
Chances Are Click here to see a sample lesson plan.
Chances Are delves into the impact of teen pregnancy without moralizing.
Chances are fairly good that they are and then they can avoid the whole debate.
Chances are fairly good whatever it was in or near the center of the piece.
Chances are few to none.
Chances are flies have already laid eggs in it, and maggots are on the way.
Chances are good it can do so.
Chances are good it is answered right here.
Chances are good it needs cleaning.
Chances are good of spending at least one night as a survivor.
Chances are good that a couple has been trying to do just that for some time.
Chances are good that a long-backed horse is a poor keeper.
Chances are good that a mutual decision is more livable.
Chances are good that a parish is nearby.
Chances are good that all sectors are in for a bumpy ride.
Chances are good that an insert can be prepared for it, too.
Chances are good that if a specimen is listed, photos of it exist.
Chances are good that if someone hunts anything other than birds, they hunt deer.
Chances are good that it is in standard Palm doc format.
Chances are good that many students don t know the name of their school s president.
Chances are good that one of the reasons is an acute case of feature creep.
Chances are good that price becomes less of an issue as loyalty increases.
Chances are good that someone cares and is listening.
Chances are good that someone else has already done some research.
Chances are good that the bird was a heron.
Chances are good that the child who is huffing needs help quitting.
Chances are good that the deck is marked.
Chances are good that the limbs are too short.
Chances are good that the link broke over two lines.
Chances are good that the problem can be treated successfully.
Chances are good that the warning is a virus hoax .
Chances are good that the warning is a virus hoax.
Chances are good that their belongings are primarily from the United States or East Asia.
Chances are good that they already have the album.
Chances are good that they encountered the same treatment after school, at church and at home.
Chances are good that they have become dependent on the substance.
Chances are good that they'll know the answers to all but the most difficult questions.
Chances are good that they're drinking too.
Chances are good that they've participated in other shows.
Chances are good that veteran curlers have encountered most situations at one time or another.
Chances are good that water is being wasted somewhere.
Chances are good the wedding was a romantic affair.
Chances are good they already are outsourcing.
Chances are good they have never heard of it.
Chances are good they'll have an answer.
Chances are good to see fox, deer and even moose.
Chances are good to see one or more geysers erupt at short range.
Chances are good, anyway, it'll be getting a new name.
Chances are good.
Chances are half the class has the same one.
Chances are high that someone else has done it already.
Chances are high that the landlord is violating a building code for putting citizens at risk.
Chances are high that they'll taste as good as they look in the handsome color photos.
Chances are high that very little of any pre-Bessemer wrought iron was used.
Chances are high, that profits increase, when turnover decreases.
Chances are if it's where everyone else is driving on the track, it's where the best line is.
Chances are if the card is over two years old it is going to be a gamble at best.
Chances are if the offer sounds too good to be true, then it probably is.
Chances are if the screen is black, the input needs to be changed to one.
Chances are if the snow's fresh on one side, it's gonna be fresh on the other.
Chances are if they've had a very good or very bad time, they'll want to share it.
Chances Are is in the midst of a funding crunch.
Chances are it already is, but check anyway.
Chances are it can vary by age or grade.
Chances are it comes in with a little static, if at all.
Chances are it does.
Chances are it has a slow processor, a tiny monitor and speakers that are terrible.
Chances are it has already been asked and answered dozens of times.
Chances are it has already been asked by someone else.
Chances are it has already been installed.
Chances are it has also been discussed on the Internet somewhere.
Chances are it has been addressed.
Chances are it has been tried in some form many times.
Chances are it has broken loose and is causing something akin to a backfiring car muffler.
Chances are it has come up before.
Chances are it has seen an awful lot of sun to have that happen.
Chances are it has seen an awful lot of sun to have thathappen.
Chances are it is - if it comes from the Dominican Republic.
Chances are it is a hoax.
Chances are it is a personal touch that made a difference.
Chances are it is because of their size that it is assumed they do consume meat.
Chances are it is incorrect.
Chances are it is listed here.
Chances are it is nocturnal caterpillars, leaf cutter bees or beetles chewing on the foliage.
Chances are it is nothing but hot wind.
Chances are it is probably blowing somewhere.
Chances are it is ready to come down and be replaced by some commercial enterprise.
Chances are it is the target of some other form.
Chances are it is too many.
Chances are it is within walking distance.
Chances are it is, and if that's the case then it can be fixed fairly easily.
Chances are it is, if it's periodically linked to the corporate network.
Chances are it moves from frame to frame a bit too fast.
Chances are it needs just a little routine maintenance to get it back in tip-top shape.
Chances are it probably is.
Chances are it remains on the recipient's hard drive.
Chances are it sees new lows again.
Chances are it was a cumbersome task to secure that bond.
Chances are it was a direct result of our marketing efforts.
Chances are it was a parent, grandparent or another significant individual.
Chances are it was a wood duck, one of the few ducks that roost and nest in trees.
Chances are it was an ad for a prescription drug.
Chances are it was an aircraft painted a medium gray.
Chances are it was an owner that had many running backs.
Chances are it was caused by angel wings.
Chances are it was caused by scuffing, due to bad alignment.
Chances are it was made with Coagula.
Chances are it was made with the help of aerial photography .
Chances are it was some professor, maybe an academic advisor.
Chances are it was the environment.
Chances are it was via a travel agent.
Chances are it was wiped up with a towel, a paper towel, or a sponge.
Chances are it'll be pretty much the way it is now except older.
Chances are it'll be sooner rather than later.
Chances are it'll be the best match on the card.
Chances are it'll be wrong.
Chances are it'll do pretty well.
Chances are it'll stay right where it is.
Chances are it's a damaged electrical connector.
Chances are it's a degree in agriculture.
Chances are it's a fake.
Chances are it's a false alarm.
Chances are it's a hoax.
Chances are it's a red-tailed hawk, Kansas' most common bird of prey.
Chances are it's a scam.
Chances are it's a surprisingly high number.
Chances are it's already been answered.
Chances are it's already here.
Chances are it's already up there.
Chances are it's at least partly dynamics, both micro and macro.
Chances are it's available from individual government agencies for free or at a low cost.
Chances are it's because of the year-round care they give the garden.
Chances are it's been a while.
Chances are it's been moved or renamed, so it's probably still here somewhere.
Chances are it's cherry flavored.
Chances are it's coming from the support staff.
Chances are it's far too long.
Chances are it's going to be a fairly negative experience.
Chances are it's happened to everyone who has ever attempted to download software.
Chances are it's here.
Chances are it's in here.
Chances are it's in our library.
Chances are it's just the result of poor communication skills.
Chances are it's listed here.
Chances are it's located in the state capital or the largest city.
Chances are it's nothing, but it is always better to be on the safe side.
Chances are it's on the shelf.
Chances are it's one of the four woodpecker species found here.
Chances are it's one of the sedges, which looks like grass.
Chances are it's only a couple of years old.
Chances are it's only going to become more pervasive.
Chances are it's only going to fall farther behind from now on.
Chances are it's precoated steel inside.
Chances are it's probably the former.
Chances are it's probably the grass that's affecting the trees.
Chances are it's probably zero as well, but if it's nonzero, use it to report the error.
Chances are it's right.
Chances are it's the battery, check it.
Chances are it's un-authorized use.
Chances are kind of low.
Chances are millions of other people are thinking the same thing.
Chances are mom is just off finding supper.
Chances are more limited in Europe.
Chances are most civilizations veer to the right.
Chances are most of the person's mentioned are from Europe, or the Americas.
Chances are most people in America have more than a few such useless necessities in their homes.
Chances are most results are good.
Chances are neither Japan nor Sweden won here.
Chances are no one is reading it.
Chances are no one noticed.
Chances are no testing is done for temperament or health issues.
Chances are no, and space is very valuable.
Chances are no.
Chances are nothing is wrong.
Chances are one in a million of getting in there.
Chances are one of the clients lost contact temporarily with the server at the end of match.
Chances are one of the members has it in their toolkit.
Chances are one of the sets of signs was lying.
Chances are only one in a hundred people even stayed around long enough to see the work.
Chances are other consumers are looking for the same thing.
Chances are other consumers have puzzled over exactly the same things.
Chances are other Mountain Empire readers have an opinion too.
Chances are other parents are walking their children to school too.
Chances are other things can wait.
Chances are others are also.
Chances are others are baffled by the multitude of choices, too.
Chances are others are wishing for the same title.
Chances are others are wondering also.
Chances are others have the same question, so be sure to talk to everyone.
Chances are others in the class have the same question.
Chances are our systems have already shredded it.
Chances are people with long idle times are away from the keyboard.
Chances are pretty damn good pop's a heck of wreck through good intentions only.
Chances are pretty good that that is the best way to communicate with that person.
Chances are pretty good the saw is still untouched.
Chances are pretty good, actually.
Chances are pretty slim, though.
Chances are probably a lot better here than on the web with discont brokers.
Chances are probably part of the problem.
Chances are probably pretty slim.
Chances are Pudding is out on the tiles enjoying a taste of freedom.
Chances are rather stronger, perhaps, that the word 'genius' has been used lightly.
Chances are risk.
Chances are skiing is a lot less dangerous.
Chances are slim for extra game.
Chances are slim of infesting structural or interior wood.
Chances are slim that a Canadian teacher woud find a Chinese teacher through random surfing.
Chances are slim that it'll be a problem.
Chances are slim that they do.
Chances are slim to nun.
Chances are slim, however.
Chances are slim.
Chances are so did someone else.
Chances are so does someone else.
Chances are some other clown wants the job as well.
Chances are some people find an island they like better than others.
Chances are some sort of road construction is necessary.
Chances are some table cells are empty.
Chances are some type of precipitation falls on any given winter day.
Chances are someone can help.
Chances are someone else has already asked the same question.
Chances are someone else has dealt with the same problem and can offer advice.
Chances are someone else has had that problem too.
Chances are someone else has had the same question, and the FAQs usually have the answer.
Chances are someone else has that excuse too.
Chances are someone else has the same one.
Chances are someone has already asked, and had their question answered.
Chances are someone has already written about it, experienced it or asked about it.
Chances are someone has asked it before.
Chances are someone has put the piece together from two or more pieces.
Chances are someone in Michigan has a similar problem of needing information from Arizona.
Chances are someone is looking for the dog.
Chances are someone is talking about economic reality or facing hard economic facts.
Chances are someone out there has already encountered that problem and found a solution.
Chances are someone's on the way, looking for a friendly conversation as well.
Chances are strong that the page is there.
Chances are such messages are urban legends.
Chances are that a fellow classmate has the same question.
Chances are that a lot of good thinking has already gone into existing work.
Chances are that a million other people are wondering, too.
Chances are that a new version has come out with a slightly different filename.
Chances are that a sore area needs to be stretched.
Chances are that a spell of heat caused the contents to expand and push the cork out slightly.
Chances are that aliasing was introduced when the image was rescaled.
Chances are that always, never, all, or none make a false statement.
Chances are that an add-on or widget already exists.
Chances are that another county engineer has faced the same problem.
Chances are that at least one other student is confused as well.
Chances are that at some point during the link, most international calls travel over the Internet.
Chances are that B missed the flush.
Chances are that beanie babies are created by child labor.
Chances are that co-workers have the same problems.
Chances are that criminal activities online are already criminal.
Chances are that drawers of photographer's work are available to anyone interested in seeing more.
Chances are that every staff and faculty personnel is a member of some sort of association.
Chances are that farm animals are to blame.
Chances are that fascinating things are happening constantly.
Chances are that if a process can be automated, there's a way to use Internet technology to do it.
Chances are that if a story is timely, it is also relevant and appropriate.
Chances are that if baby is awake, baby wants milk.
Chances are that if it is in a hot market, there is a good reason it is vacant.
Chances are that if someone enters our contest, it is because the prize is something they want.
Chances are that if something looks wrong, a step was simply missed, or misunderstood.
Chances are that if the behavior worsens, the modification is working.
Chances are that if the head is spared , the problem is self-induced.
Chances are that incoming freshman has already downed a few.
Chances are that investors find themselves having bought at the wrong moment.
Chances are that is the deck is rotted then more than likely the stringer system is rotted.
Chances are that it has been archived.
Chances are that it has less disease on it than a susceptible variety.
Chances are that it has simply moved or been renamed.
Chances are that it is a spreadsheet, text file or an export file from some other messaging system.
Chances are that it was copied from another house which the builder saw someone else build earlier.
Chances are that it was thoroughly humiliating and insulting.
Chances are that it's still there.
Chances are that major companies use there own name as a web address.
Chances are that many theaters played movies made right here.
Chances are that no two people on a given flight pays exactly the same fare.
Chances are that nothing s wrong, and everything is right.
Chances are that old .TMP files can be harmlessly removed.
Chances are that other countries and other stock markets have more growth potential.
Chances are that other people are having trouble with the concept also.
Chances are that other students are wondering the same thing.
Chances are that people are coming to the website due to offline marketing.
Chances are that problems appearing on exams won t be very different from examples done in class.
Chances are that several other people have the same question.
Chances are that several others had the same question.
Chances are that some documents available commercially are also on the internet.
Chances are that some little green mathematicians already know the next largest prime.
Chances are that some others have similar goals and can share useful experience.
Chances are that somebody messed up.
Chances are that someone else has encountered a similar problem before.
Chances are that someone else has had the same questions.
Chances are that someone else has wondered about the same things.
Chances are that someone else standing around the dive posting knows that person.
Chances are that someone has already asked the question.
Chances are that someone has asked it already.
Chances are that summer camp is the only time that shooting is offered.
Chances are that the answer is, no.
Chances are that the conversion has taken place.
Chances are that the default settings are ok.
Chances are that the director's last priority is the toy line.
Chances are that the drop-off octant was at or just before the tilt's highest point.
Chances are that the energy appears on film.
Chances are that the glue has penetrated the rice paper.
Chances are that the images are some form of reproduction of the original.
Chances are that the ink passages have become clogged with dry ink.
Chances are that the licensor made the major breakthrough.
Chances are that the object is a planet or bright star.
Chances are that the objects contain bad geometry.
Chances are that the offending player really does want to play, but real life just got in the way.
Chances are that the original builders used wooden ladders.
Chances are that the owners or staff are expatriates, and can provide valuable information.
Chances are that the person simply is caught up in the pressures of everyday activities.
Chances are that the present spelling is a relatively accurate compromise on the original.
Chances are that the problem is due to the different ways of writing CDs.
Chances are that the problem is internal, i.e., something within the site is causing a backup.
Chances are that the problem is related to a compiler problem during optimization of the code.
Chances are that the rash in their mouth is exactly the same rash that they have on their skin.
Chances are that the script it is running has an error or similar.
Chances are that the snake has already moved on to another location.
Chances are that the solution was documented all along.
Chances are that the stuff is real.
Chances are that the upscale rental tenant either belongs to a major health club or did at one time.
Chances are that the waist can be adjusted to fit.
Chances are that the wine was corked.
Chances are that there are other businesses willing to sign the contract as is.
Chances are that there are others who have the same question.
Chances are that there is a kink or a sharp bend in the cable.
Chances are that there is a webcam close to it.
Chances are that there's someone else that was wondering the same thing.
Chances are that they already are on.
Chances are that they already disagree.
Chances are that they are aware of the food safety rules and regulations.
Chances are that they are benign.
Chances are that they are composed of the same organic molecules as the envelope of Venus.
Chances are that they are correct.
Chances are that they are using an illegally distributed username.
Chances are that they have a positive relationship to Jewish interests and ideals.
Chances are that they have moved several times to seize an opportunity.
Chances are that they have run into the most common problems and solutions.
Chances are that they know both.
Chances are that they want to farm, raise their kids, go to church.
Chances are that they've been asked before.
Chances are that they've been asked by some other parent in a similar situation.
Chances are that they've discovered new deviations from the new norm.
Chances are that Washington was born near that time and place.
Chances are that what anchors the trash is an expectation.
Chances are that, among the drivers hurrying down the busy corridor, some are half asleep.
Chances are that's a statistic that's going to change real soon.
Chances are the abuse itself involved a component of secrecy.
Chances are the answer has nothing to do with drinking cocktails .
Chances are the answer is no.
Chances are the answer is right here in our frequently asked questions.
Chances are the answer is there.
Chances are the answer is yes.
Chances are the audience either knew or had seen the condemned before the trial.
Chances are the bear market that mauled tech stocks took a bite out of their portfolios.
Chances are the biggest difference between the two sofas is the quality.
Chances are the column showing the duration of each call appears in full-minute increments.
Chances are the company has simply reached a new plateau, with many more to come.
Chances are the cute puppy in the window came from a puppy mill.
Chances are the design uses a monotone palette with color accents.
Chances are the difference of opinion lies in the choice of insulator inside the cable.
Chances are the elements have aged.
Chances are the employee behind the partition has retired and is living next door to Jones today.
Chances are the firm s recruiter prefers email and has become accustomed to a digital presentation.
Chances are the first project coincided with the debut of life.
Chances are the gay person already knows.
Chances are the ink cartridge is dry.
Chances are the latter.
Chances are the line has negotiated some special fares, particularly out of key markets.
Chances are the listener is perplexed and unsure of what to say.
Chances are the lobster has benn in captivity for a few days.
Chances are the lock tender is off doing something or is between lock houses.
Chances are the manufacturers used a falling film evaporator.
Chances are the modem setting is wrong on the first setting and correct on the fallback.
Chances are the most general alternative is the correct one.
Chances are the mother already knows if there is a problem.
Chances are the mother is nearby.
Chances are the neck is a little red.
Chances are the negatives of fighting outweigh the positives.
Chances are the numbers have risen significantly since then.
Chances are the one for video is shorted or missing.
Chances are the only way they can get that kind of instant cash is by selling the house.
Chances are the owner is frantically looking for the missing pet.
Chances are the owner is well aware of the problem.
Chances are the page is cloaked.
Chances are the page still exists.
Chances are the participants referred at some point to supply and demand .
Chances are the performer left the stage feeling good as well.
Chances are the person has already made someone's life fuller.
Chances are the person offering was just trying to be helpful.
Chances are the photograph is in poor condition, cracked, faded, scratched, or even torn.
Chances are the price is higher but the landed cost is less.
Chances are the problem is minor and difficult to see right away.
Chances are the problem lies on a much more local level, perhaps even within the home.
Chances are the problems are from a lack of communication.
Chances are the relationship is lacking significant elements on both sides.
Chances are the root of the problems are partly systemic and partly reaction to change.
Chances are the site is too busy or something is wrong.
Chances are the situation can be improved.
Chances are the squeaks come from inadequate fastening of the subflooring.
Chances are the star of the story was a close relative of our local cormorant.
Chances are the stick is from a legume, too.
Chances are the systems and processes have a history and have good reasons for being in place.
Chances are the tape drive was out of stock at the supplier.
Chances are the teller of the urban legend was sure it was true.
Chances are the truth lies somewhere in the middle.
Chances are the user has read that mail already, but hang onto it just in case.
Chances are the user that owns the file is the username that was used to access the directory.
Chances are the users do send messages.
Chances are the wheels are out of balance.
Chances are the wrong port has been selected in the fix and compass menu.
Chances are their chances are shot.
Chances are their network is down.
Chances are their selection is limited in locale, but it is certainly worth checking in to.
Chances are their top of the line offers a lot more piston area than their starter models.
Chances are there are many items pertaining to juggling.
Chances are there are myriads of other common interests.
Chances are there are others in the same category.
Chances are there are plenty of seats on the bus, but persistence is often required.
Chances are there are several others waiting in line to get it.
Chances are there are several specific negative feelings.
Chances are there are some toys from the last great fad in their playroom.
Chances are there are some unusual characters to go with it.
Chances are there is a county forest nearby.
Chances are there is a high-end vector processor in the vicinity.
Chances are there is a link from here.
Chances are there is a mistake in the billing.
Chances are there is a perfectly reasonable and acceptable explanation.
Chances are there is already an acceptable use policy on campus.
Chances are there is an adventure that incorporates it.
Chances are there is another nearby.
Chances are there is significant room for improvement.
Chances are there is some overlap.
Chances are there is something there to be talked about.
Chances are there is truth coming from tenants AND management.
Chances are there is.
Chances are there was a veggie and starch of the day that went with all entrees.
Chances are there's a familiar name or two.
Chances are there's a local group nearby.
Chances are there's a solution just waiting to be discovered.
Chances are there's a Web cam trained on it somewhere.
Chances are there's either a game in progress or one just starting.
Chances are there's some stuff in the background to small to be seen, or just behind another object.
Chances are there's something.
Chances are they all get through or none get through.
Chances are they are a customer already.
Chances are they are already in that format.
Chances are they are already well on their way to planning for monetary conversion.
Chances are they are also the ones dressed appropriately.
Chances are they are at home now with their families.
Chances are they are burred and dull.
Chances are they are cleaning shrimp, which attracts small fish, which in turn attract dolphins.
Chances are they are copying materials for another faculty member who submitted a request.
Chances are they are counterfeits.
Chances are they are die-hards or locals who go out frequently, and know where the fish hang out.
Chances are they are even lower paid than the staffs at the most financially challenged colleges.
Chances are they are experiencing a mild degree of lactose intolerance.
Chances are they are fruit trees, more valuable for their mangoes and papayas than as firewood.
Chances are they are hiding in there.
Chances are they are just as lost.
Chances are they are just using the phone as an illusory escape from their failed and useless lives.
Chances are they are moles or similar growths, which can feel sore sometimes.
Chances are they are noxious weeds - or more commonly referred to as obnoxious weeds.
Chances are they are pretty grungy, but they'll be replaced later.
Chances are they are procrastinating.
Chances are they are still in high school, because they had lame goatees and their hats on backward.
Chances are they are the ones with the best grades.
Chances are they are the same.
Chances are they are trying to garner information.
Chances are they are under pressure from the purchasing department to reduce label costs.
Chances are they are using pixels or points as a measure of font-size.
Chances are they are vultures circling their prey.
Chances are they are working through the same problems.
Chances are they became visible and respected because they displayed courage and enthusiasm.
Chances are they bring in untrained temporaries and work deteriorates.
Chances are they came in many colors.
Chances are they can be repaired.
Chances are they closed the account after they sent the mail.
Chances are they contain some form of sugar.
Chances are they do.
Chances are they don t replicate heterogeneously, even if they come from the same vendor.
Chances are they face the same kinds of fallibilities that humans do.
Chances are they gain in some way - if only in terms of feeling in control or being right.
Chances are they got a chord wrong here or there.
Chances are they got nothing.
Chances are they have a solution to offer as well.
Chances are they have already seen it.
Chances are they have done similar work and are more in tune with the market.
Chances are they have it.
Chances are they have some stuff to skate, and they are usually deserted on the weekends.
Chances are they have something to sell.
Chances are they have the lowest prices anyway.
Chances are they have.
Chances are they involve the proper pick direction.
Chances are they knew because they perpetrated the scam in the first place.
Chances are they know all the words.
Chances are they know nothing about where their own custom comes from.
Chances are they ll be welfare recipients being forced to work for their meagre cheques.
Chances are they ll feel frustrated and give up, missing the gems they had hoped for.
Chances are they look like everyone else s that has already come in the shop pretty badly damaged.
Chances are they mark the spot where rival neighborhoods met to fight in days long gone by.
Chances are they married.
Chances are they offer a chat room package for a nominal fee.
Chances are they re at least consistent.
Chances are they see no harm in doing stories on ghosts or UFOs or iridology.
Chances are they want to order some wine.
Chances are they won t.
Chances are they wont be running around with other women.
Chances are they wouldn t be able to tell the two apart.
Chances are they wouldn t get it right.
Chances are they'd end up in the basket.
Chances are they'll agree to do it because of all the competition out there.
Chances are they'll be able to find a written source.
Chances are they'll be an endangered species before long.
Chances are they'll be glad to pitch in.
Chances are they'll be just fine.
Chances are they'll be out to prove they're still the baddest of the bad.
Chances are they'll be prepared to correct the error.
Chances are they'll both end up in the gutter.
Chances are they'll come back by the same route.
Chances are they'll come back.
Chances are they'll eventually be out.
Chances are they'll have a use for it.
Chances are they'll have some suggestions.
Chances are they'll have to wait for the next assessment opportunity.
Chances are they'll include potato chips, cookies, cake, crackers or candy.
Chances are they'll know a Titanic story.
Chances are they'll lead to future stories.
Chances are they'll look pretty loopy.
Chances are they'll recover on their own.
Chances are they'll say no.
Chances are they'll say they know it, but reality insists it's surface knowledge at best.
Chances are they'll say yes.
Chances are they'll spend the rest of their life in a cage.
Chances are they're a walking factory for at least one flavour of herpes.
Chances are they're all holding contests of one kind or another right now.
Chances are they're all top-notch managers.
Chances are they're all top-notch time managers.
Chances are they're allocated with a new command in that classes constructor.
Chances are they're already making it.
Chances are they're being worked on right now.
Chances are they're camping with their families nearby.
Chances are they're full of hype.
Chances are they're just a little bit scared.
Chances are they're learning something with all their research.
Chances are they've actually been inside a real basement.
Chances are they've been driven and maintained more prudently than high-performance models.
Chances are they've earned it.
Chances are they've grown up to be all right.
Chances are they've heard it before anyway.
Chances are theywouldn't last long.
Chances are things have shifted just enough to make aligning the brace a real pain in the neck.
Chances are to find it here.
Chances are unless they're newbies or just plain daft they'll be heading for the hill.
Chances are very good that the transmitter has stopped working for some reason.
Chances are very good that they won t have a clue.
Chances are very good, that the entire family perished.
Chances are very slim.
Chances are very strong that the trend is positive in any basic facet of human welfare.
Chances are whatever it next to it on the video store shelf is better.
Chances are when the sun starts shining, the transmission runs well again.
Chances are yes.
Chances are, a bank can help.
Chances are, a little of both.
Chances are, a pair.
Chances are, a very helpful error is caught by the webserver and logged.
Chances are, all hell is breaking loose.
Chances are, an adult in the family's already a true fan.
Chances are, an author has already received multiple derogatory and offensive e-mails.
Chances are, another child has asthma, too.
Chances are, another is secreted between or under the seats or in the sleeper berth.
Chances are, at that hour, it's a subbing call.
Chances are, both groups are providing work for future retrofitters.
Chances are, either the email address was wrong, or the computer at the other end was busy.
Chances are, encryption got short changed.
Chances are, even lead bullets ought to do something to a smelly behemoth.
Chances are, even the most senior employees remember their first days on the job.
Chances are, every other household on the block is doing some kind of backyard composting.
Chances are, for most employees, yes.
Chances are, however, that it's the former.
Chances are, however, that the gender stuff has only just begun.
Chances are, however, their view is unclear.
Chances are, however, they have little understanding of how to successfully manage people.
Chances are, if a particular location is dangerous, they'll know.
Chances are, if enough baby boomers are interested in a subject, someone's written a book about it.
Chances are, if it s reached that point, it s a serious problem.
Chances are, if it sounds too good to be true, it usually is.
Chances are, if it's cultivated, it's there.
Chances are, if it's witnessed and signed by all concerned - then it's probably legal.
Chances are, if someone built it, someone else is collecting it.
Chances are, if the answer is no, it's a bad idea.
Chances are, if they look sick, they are.
Chances are, images seen on the late evening television weather broadcast are infrared images.
Chances are, in fact, that there are lots of duplicates.
Chances are, inadequate light intake is a part of the problem.
Chances are, it already has.
Chances are, it includes a lot of sitting and very little moving around.
Chances are, it is call forwarded incorrectly.
Chances are, it is significantly out of date.
Chances are, it is still on the website but was renamed.
Chances are, it is the competitor who has decided to simply wait for technology to further evolve.
Chances are, it is the wide, amorphous lift that signals the proximity of a core.
Chances are, it is.
Chances are, it really is.
Chances are, it runs in the family.
Chances are, it s a blatant lie.
Chances are, it was a year of both good and bad.
Chances are, it was an error on their part.
Chances are, it was dull.
Chances are, it was marked by long lines, delays, confusion and frustration.
Chances are, it was more personal.
Chances are, it was more than the going rate for PCs today.
Chances are, it'll be better than the first one.
Chances are, it'll be just the thing someone else needs.
Chances are, it'll work now.
Chances are, it's a more professional image.
Chances are, it's already in the works.
Chances are, it's answered here in our frequently asked questions section.
Chances are, it's been a while.
Chances are, it's been asked and answered already.
Chances are, it's been asked before.
Chances are, it's been years.
Chances are, it's considered a necessary evil, at least from a budget or process standpoint.
Chances are, it's deliberate.
Chances are, it's font overload.
Chances are, it's for sale.
Chances are, it's funny.
Chances are, it's happened at least once.
Chances are, it's here.
Chances are, it's hidden away against a wall or even in a corner.
Chances are, it's just a hoax.
Chances are, it's mesclun.
Chances are, it's nothing more than a hoax.
Chances are, it's one person's word against another.
Chances are, it's pretty stale.
Chances are, it's probably a combination of the two.
Chances are, it's some substance in the food that's causing the reaction.
Chances are, it's still there.
Chances are, it's the first possibility.
Chances are, it's the pick up rider.
Chances are, it's true.
Chances are, it's with an alternative newsweekly.
Chances are, just looking for the last two words is enough to find relevant pages.
Chances are, just the product.
Chances are, lower cost also means lower quality and a few years later the company is gone.
Chances are, many copies ended up like the waterstained one, or even worse.
Chances are, many of the sophisticated institutional money managers do.
Chances are, 'maybe'.
Chances are, most employees know something is amiss and, whenever it is, their work is impacted.
Chances are, most instances of poor driving are isolated incidents.
Chances are, most of it.
Chances are, most of the action and conclusion appears in the end of the text.
Chances are, neither technique nor equipment is up to the task.
Chances are, never.
Chances are, no name comes to mind.
Chances are, no, to say the least.
Chances are, no.
Chances are, No.
Chances are, nobody else wants to read it.
Chances are, nobody who makes policy decisions in the office ever even looks at the letter.
Chances are, none of the above.
Chances are, nothing matches.
Chances are, nothing.
Chances are, nothing's going to happen.
Chances are, one is within driving distance.
Chances are, one person already knows.
Chances are, one week's salary is far more than the cost of getting help.
Chances are, other kids are just as enchanted by the same stuff.
Chances are, others are in the same boat.
Chances are, others have the answer.
Chances are, our price is already FAR less than half their's, though.
Chances are, probably nothing.
Chances are, revenues remain soft through spring and then pick up.
Chances are, seniors are on holidays or they are planning one.
Chances are, some one here shares a similar interest.
Chances are, somebody already has.
Chances are, somebody is a gona wave.
Chances are, somebody using the Internet bulletin boards knows why it is happening.
Chances are, someone else has been curious about the same thing.
Chances are, someone else has it too.
Chances are, someone else has the same question.
Chances are, someone from the boards was there.
Chances are, someone somewhere has had the exact same problem, and dealt with it already.
Chances are, someone there has used one or more of our programs.
Chances are, something went wrong along the way.
Chances are, somewhere there is a service charge.
Chances are, teachers and principals know a few.
Chances are, terms such as try and mark are unfamiliar to even the most avid sports fans.
Chances are, that ball was a baseball.
Chances are, that character is in the game.
Chances are, that incompetent old fool is standing behind the curtain.
Chances are, that it contains preservatives .
Chances are, that means they have other problems, too.
Chances are, that more photos generate more interest, from perspective buyers.
Chances are, that room was empty in the first place as most room placing take place after midnight.
Chances are, that spot is malignant.
Chances are, that they carried through.
Chances are, that was the ephedrine-like compound kicking in.
Chances are, that's an overstatement.
Chances are, that's true.
Chances are, that's wrong.
Chances are, the answer is never.
Chances are, the answer is no.
Chances are, the answer is there.
Chances are, the answer is yes.
Chances are, the answer lies somewhere in the middle.
Chances are, the answer to both questions is no.
Chances are, the bride and groom are only able to invite a portion of the people they want.
Chances are, the caller goes through an introduction state before arriving at a main menu.
Chances are, the clog is past the trap.
Chances are, the cracks are just a symptom of more that's rotting underneath.
Chances are, the death of a parent creates financial hardship for a child.
Chances are, the failures come from good intentions paired with bad aim.
Chances are, the family has plenty of soap.
Chances are, the fawn's mother was nearby, watching that woman pick up the fawn and take it away.
Chances are, the host has carefully picked the night's wines.
Chances are, the information is available elsewhere on the site.
Chances are, the intent is legitimate.
Chances are, the latter.
Chances are, the letter is written in a plain, black, typewriter font.
Chances are, the milder cases are undiagnosed and untreated.
Chances are, the monitor is fine.
Chances are, the most general alternative is the correct one.
Chances are, the name box needs 'myname'.
Chances are, the new number is more accurate.
Chances are, the numbers are comparable in Canada.
Chances are, the old way of life had many destructive aspects.
Chances are, the person answering the phone either is a good musician, or knows someone who is.
Chances are, the person on the phone is a step or two away from an actually hiring manager.
Chances are, the pilot in extremis simply wants to go directly to an airport or other navaid.
Chances are, the romance and newness of being abroad have given way to the routines of student life.
Chances are, the solution is listed here.
Chances are, the students' arms got tired from working against gravity to stay up.
Chances are, their favorite doctors are already a part of our extensive physician network.
Chances are, their live show is a good time as well.
Chances are, their network is down.
Chances are, there are plenty of other merchants ready to take their place.
Chances are, there are reasons for it.
Chances are, there is a good reason for a constant digging behavior.
Chances are, there is a record of it.
Chances are, there is a simple solution.
Chances are, there is a technological innovation out there that can.
Chances are, there is a web cam near by.
Chances are, there is already a corner for blocks or perhaps a water table in the space.
Chances are, there is no deep complexity of character to probe.
Chances are, there is no evidence.
Chances are, there is no other student organization that can make that claim.
Chances are, there is nowhere to go now, but up.
Chances are, there is room for improvement.
Chances are, there is some body work there.
Chances are, there s probably more to the story.
Chances are, there was once a very good reason for everything they do.
Chances are, there was plenty of sugar in it.
Chances are, there'll be an opening.
Chances are, there's a Web page about it.
Chances are, there's a website out there for ya.
Chances are, there's been a misspelling.
Chances are, there's quite a few unexpected surprises ahead.
Chances are, they act the way they do with everyone.
Chances are, they all have the desktop on the right.
Chances are, they already know that.
Chances are, they already know.
Chances are, they already walk to school, with or without adult supervision.
Chances are, they are counterfeits.
Chances are, they are in some way involved in politics for self-interest and personal gain.
Chances are, they are many and varied.
Chances are, they are now.
Chances are, they are ok to open.
Chances are, they are on the Web.
Chances are, they are.
Chances are, they can.
Chances are, they do, too.
Chances are, they dope fiends, and they sell they stereo super cheap.
Chances are, they have a good reason.
Chances are, they have a mace hidden under their skirts.
Chances are, they have a site on the Internet.
Chances are, they have no idea.
Chances are, they have several business cards for their local representatives.
Chances are, they know whether someone is ill or is, more happily, travelling somewhere.
Chances are, they ll all be fine, too.
Chances are, they misspell things too.
Chances are, they see the positive in people, situations and opportunities and take action.
Chances are, they'll be flattered.
Chances are, they'll be happy to help.
Chances are, they'll be racing for second place.
Chances are, they'll be sharing the fax that's in the news room.
Chances are, they'll be shopping.
Chances are, they'll be very different.
Chances are, they'll come around.
Chances are, they'll do it.
Chances are, they'll find it along with some great memories.
Chances are, they'll get that clearance.
Chances are, they'll hate the next one, too.
Chances are, they'll have to ask some of the retirees about it.
Chances are, they'll have to.
Chances are, they'll know the answer.
Chances are, they'll know where the nearest charter boat docks.
Chances are, they'll push their timeline up as much as possible.
Chances are, they'll remember.
Chances are, they'll say yes.
Chances are, they'll spare themselves the trouble of finding out.
Chances are, they'll start crying if they're cold.
Chances are, they're also the most comfortable.
Chances are, they're doing their best, and meeting the laws.
Chances are, they're either in business attire, or are otherwise smartly dressed.
Chances are, they're getting a little tired of the taste of ashes.
Chances are, they're off plummeting down whiter pastures.
Chances are, they're on the right track.
Chances are, they're pretty attractive people.
Chances are, they're right.
Chances are, they're rowans.
Chances are, they're top-notch time managers.
Chances are, they're touching.
Chances are, they're trying to sell something.
Chances are, they're using the same needle on several cows.
Chances are, they've got the inside skinny on where the jams are at.
Chances are, though, it didn t take six hours to get there.
Chances are, though, that the modem is a mystery to the computer user.
Chances are, though, they do.
Chances are, though, they'll approve unless somebody comes up with something extraordinary.
Chances are, tobacco companies own the food brands.
Chances are, too, that the expedition is interrupted by encounters with things long forgotten.
Chances are, too, they'll get it.
Chances are, whatever thought came to mind was negative.
Chances are, what's on the grill is a sacred cow.
Chances are, when kindergarten students begin school, they already have new friends.
Chances are, yes , eventually.
Chances are, 'yes'.
Chances are, yes.
Chances can lead to mistakes.
Chances depend on contexts.
Chances depend on factors.
Chances depend on several factors.
Chances favour viewing the chimpanzees.
Chances is a heartwarming and often funny second chance romance.
Chances look great, dude.
Chances makes our parents.
Chances seem balanced.
Chances seem good that a deal can be worked out.
Chance often plays a great part.
Chance sometimes deals the wisest verdict.
Every chance can be the difference in the game and every goal can be a big difference.
Every chance is taken to strengthen new leaders.
More chances await French investors in Egypt.
Most chances depend on contexts.
Most chances depend on factors.
Most chances depend on several factors.
Some chances have explanations.
Some chances raise concern.
Some chances raise health concern.
Chancel arch is the arch dividing the nave from the chancel.
A chancel is an area
Chancels are wide open with little bolted down, lobbies are much larger, more parking.
A chancellor is a chief of state
Chancellor isa representative.
Chancellors are heads of state.
Chancellors are politicians.
Chancellors are principal.
Chancellors currently serve a four year non-renewable term.
Chancellors demand services.
Chancellors Find property to rent and buy throughout England and Wales.
Chancellors have (part) arms.
Chancellors have (part) body substances.
Chancellors have (part) cell membranes.
Chancellors have (part) cells.
Chancellors have (part) corpi.
Chancellors have (part) cytoplasm.
Chancellors have (part) heads.
Chancellors have (part) human bodies.
Chancellors have (part) legs.
Chancellors have (part) material bodies.
Chancellors have (part) necks.
Chancellors have (part) nuclei.
Chancellors have (part) personality.
Chancellors have (part) plasma membranes.
Chancellors have (part) sections.
Chancellors have (part) vacuoles.
Chancellors have broad powers to fashion any remedy that is reasonable and justified by the proof.
Chancellors have residences.
Chancellors make suggestions.
Chancellors represent more inclusive governance for the campuses and greater campus autonomy.
Most chancellors demand services.
Most chancellors have residences.
Most chancellors make suggestions.
Some chancellors claim success.
Some chancellors ensure inclusions.
Some chancellors have daughters.
Some chancellors jump to death.
Some chancellors serve officers.
Some chancellors set up business.
Some chancellors sit in cabinets.
Some chancellors take delight.
Some chancellors try jobs.
Some chancellors write books.
Some chancellors write diet books.
Chancery courts are countywide courts with jurisdiction over property title disputes.
Chancery courts have countywide jurisdiction over equity, divorce, probates, and adoptions.
Chancery courts hear civil cases, and circuit courts try both civil and criminal cases.
Chancery cursive is a fifteenth-century style, and needed some adjustments.
A chancery is an archive
Chanceries are archives.
Chanceries are courts.
Chancery clerks to perform duties of county treasurers.
Chancery offers annual subscriptions to the collections, including monthly additions and updates.
Chancery offers telephone support and web based support.
A chancre is sore
Chancres spread with great rapidity.
Chancres sometimes develop elsewhere, such as on the lips of the mouth, a breast, or a finger.
A chandelier is a lighting fixture
Chandeliers are always at home over the dining-room table, of course, but that's only the beginning.
Chandeliers are lighting fixtures.
Chandeliers are probably the best known examples of the art.
Chandeliers are tools and never become out of fashion.
Chandeliers are verdigris, and the posies on tables are fresh.
Chandeliers bathe the room in deep red light.
Chandeliers feature hand blown blue and green globes like sand pebbles scooped up from the beach.
Chandeliers hang from the ceiling, producing the light source.
Chandeliers hang from the ceiling.
Chandeliers provide a key element in the decor of any room, and are functional as well.
Chandeliers provide a warm, intimate environment for evening functions.
Chandeliers require minor assembly.
Chandeliers See Chandeliers.
Chandeliers twinkle softly from above, enhancing the tasteful champagne d cor.
Chandeliers Use a three-pronged fish hook.
Chandeliers often cause problems.
A chandelle is an evasion
Chandelle is closed most holidays.
A chandler is a retailer
Chandler answers with a right cross and moves away.
Chandler hints that consumers can look forward to more special edition models.
Chandler isa merchant.
Chandler picks up first win in game two.
Chandlers are makers.
Chandlers are retailers.
Chandlers have (part) arms.
Chandlers have (part) body substances.
Chandlers have (part) cell membranes.
Chandlers have (part) cells.
Chandlers have (part) corpi.
Chandlers have (part) cytoplasm.
Chandlers have (part) heads.
Chandlers have (part) human bodies.
Chandlers have (part) legs.
Chandlers have (part) material bodies.
Chandlers have (part) necks.
Chandlers have (part) nuclei.
Chandlers have (part) personality.
Chandlers have (part) plasma membranes.
Chandlers have (part) sections.
Chandlers have (part) vacuoles.
Some chandlers have nipples.
Some chandlers have rights.
Some chandlers move to apartments.
Some chandlers quit jobs.
Some chandlers work as managers.
Some chandlers work as writers.
A chandlery is a candle
Chandleries are well-stocked, but expensive.
Chandra instruments can precisely measure the X-rays to tell how much of each element is present.
Chanellized debris flow mitigative structures in British Columbia, Canada.
Changeable adapters stage to allow a variety of package sizes.
Changeable gullet provides custom fit.
Changeable parameters allow the performers to continuously shape and influence musical output.
Changeable sleeves are also available.
Changed behavior is a strong sign learning is taking place.
Changed cells have a triangle in the left corner.
Changed conditions are indeed a significant factor in considering a motion to continue.
Changed conditions change community composition and structure .
Changed consciousness is contagious that way.
Changed data is available immediately.
Changed default save mode for routines to be world readable.
Changed Details dialog so that some data is inside of a list.
Changed events list handler to allow for multi-occuring events.
Changed fellowship dismiss prompt.
Changed Files exist in both trees, but have been modified between versions.
Changed hearts create loving and unified families . . .
Changed help file mlsrvx.hlp .
Changed individuals produce a changed church.
Changed life reveals a true conversion .
Changed lives are a congregation s greatest advertisement.
Changed lives are our greatest apologetic for the gospel.
Changed Lives Go ye into all the world . . .
Changed lives prove success.
Changed material shows up as a series of deletes followed by a series of inserts.
Changed preferences dialog to display a read-only mag var when auto mag var is chosen.
Changed software has the same acceptance criterions as the original package.
Changed sources layout.
Changed standards permit direct attestation.
A changeling is a child
Changelings are dreams.
Changelings work black sorcery in the hearts of honest men.
A changer is a mechanical device
ChangEr decides to live on the moon because it is nearest to the earth.
Changer is a remarkable work of urban fantasy.
Changer is urban fantasy.
Changer le mot de passe .
Changers are people.
Changers fit into a low-end application set and are often found on the desktop.
Most changers can only change to one other shape, a few can handle a fair variety.
Most changers have special modes where they can be programmed to skip songs on certain CDs.
Changesign key makes for easy entry of negative numbers.
Changquan competitors are among the greatest athletes in the world.
Channel access maintains a global name space of process variables within the local Internet sub-net.
Channel allocation occurs in round-robin fashion.
Channel bass feed on crustaceans, fish, and mollusks.
Channel bass is a bony fish
Channel capacity is a data rate
Channel capacity is data rates.
Channel capacity is derived.
Channel capacity is the maximum number of channels that a cable system can carry simultaneously.
A channel cat is a bony fish
Channel cat are keen scavengers.
Channel cat remain excellent.
Channel cat remain very sporadic.
Channel cats are in shallow spawning areas in the spring.
Channel cats are the most abundant, but yellow cats are also present.
Channel cats feed around the clock, but they're most active after sundown.
Channel cats have a forked tail like their cousin the blue cat.
Channel cats play an important role as a food fish in the United States.
Channel cats respond well to a pond environment.
Channel cats thrive in lakes and rivers.
A channel catfish is a bony fish
Channel catfish are abundant and are distributed over a wide size range.
Channel catfish are abundant throughout Florida, spawning in holes and crevices in flowing water.
Channel catfish are also good around the dam.
Channel catfish are also plentiful.
Channel catfish are extremely abundant.
Channel catfish are good all year with some of the best fishing occurring in the spring.
Channel catfish are good on minnows.
Channel catfish are good on stink bait.
Channel catfish are good on trotlines and rod and reels baited with shad.
Channel catfish are good.
Channel catfish are in the river.
Channel catfish are less hardy than bullheads or carp.
Channel catfish are most active just before sunrise and sunset.
Channel catfish are omnivorous generally feeding along the bottom.
Channel catfish are present in good numbers with an occasional flathead showing up.
Channel catfish are the most common catfish species.
Channel catfish are the most popular freshwater food fish.
Channel catfish are thick and biting well on clam snouts, nightcrawlers and live minnows.
Channel catfish are very good to eat.
Channel catfish are within casting distance from shore at night.
Channel catfish avoid nets at harvest time, so the harvest takes longer and requires more effort.
Channel catfish behave quite differently.
Channel catfish can withstand low oxygen levels for short periods by breathing at the surface.
Channel catfish continue to be a big part of the anglers' catch on the Mississippi River.
Channel catfish have excellent feed conversion ratios.
Channel catfish is fair on cut bait, crappie is fair on jigs and minnows in shallow water.
Channel catfish is good on crawdads using troutlines.
Channel catfish possess very keen senses of smell and taste.
Channel catfish provide anglers with a more diverse fishery and added angling opportunities.
Channel catfish remain the most abundant game fish.
Channel catfish remain the third most abundant species.
Channel catfishes live in water.
Channel catfishs are catfishs.
Channel catfishs are fish.
Most channel catfishes live in water.
Channel conflict is a major issue for franchisors who are also manufacturers.
Channel conflict needs to be sorted out.
Channel crossing Think small to bag the next major market.
Channel memory is virtual unlimited.
Channel noise is then insignificant by comparison.
Channel one has a three band eq with mid shift and volume.
Channel one has a variable threshold for ducking all other inputs.
Channel one is the combined peak signal amplitudes from the three signal receivers.
Channel partners can get dynamic pricing and sell-side applications.
Channel partners can simply customize their microsites to reflect local character and values.
Channel partners play an increasingly important role in the growth of the industry.
Channel partners receive a professional yet cost-effective and easy to update Web site.
Channel partners say they'll go along.
All channel partners can book revenues from a sale in real time.
Channel partnerships are available.
Channel patterns vary through time as a result of the impacts of flood events of different size.
Channel pressure is similar to key pressure, but applies to all notes on a given channel.
Channel reliability is how often a piece of information arrives without error.
Channel reliability restricts available bandwidth.
Channel scans take several minutes to complete.
All channel spacings are programmable on a per channel basis.
Channel stuffing is among the more frequent violations among Silicon Valley companies.
Channel surfing is indeed fun.
Channel surfing is practically eliminated.
Channel surfing is tame compared to net surfing.
Channel systems can follow one of three pathways toward equilibrium following dam removal.
Channel temperature sensors have ranges.
Channel temperature sensors have transmission ranges.
A channel is a transmission
Channel back permits easy cleaning and side groves provide for firm grip.
Channel binding offers presentation quality for any report with a choice of hard or soft covers.
Channel bundling at a special rate is available now.
Channel changing buttons on the flip down panel are on the left side.
Channel drop down menu.
Channel edges on sandy bottoms, near tidal passes and docks.
Channel ends, deep pea rock points and main lake points are wintering homes.
Channel flow around cylinders, balls, squares, etc.
Channel isa artifact.
Channel straightening destroys habitat in several ways.
Channels adhesive into the deep center groove.
Channels allow a Web publisher to create content specific to each user.
Channels allow floor tom legs to fit comfortably.
Channels allow ions to move down their concentration gradient primarily by diffusion.
Channels allow ships and barges to haul bulk commodities like oil and grain.
Channels allow surface water.
Channels allow water.
Channels also have a group of additional attributes, such as labels, params, hparams, etc.
Channels also have to contend with higher distribution and marketing cost.
Channels also rob web sites of their immediacy.
Channels are a different marketing model all together.
Channels are a giant endorsed mailing list.
Channels are a product of push technology.
Channels are about selling ads and keywords.
Channels are bodies of water.
Channels are channel numbers.
Channels are chat areas of a particular topic.
Channels are communication.
Channels are differential, an architecture allowing better system performance with low voltages.
Channels are dynamic by nature.
Channels are dynamic.
Channels are easy to use and one can easily reason about the program.
Channels are essentially groups, with the exception that they are created on the fly.
Channels are flow-controlled.
Channels are for better organization of shows.
Channels are generally either open or closed.
Channels are good on shadsides or stinkbaits.
Channels are immersive.
Channels are in order as they appear in the channel list.
Channels are independent and are individually controlled by the central system processor.
Channels are linear and direct the flow of things in a certain direction.
Channels are lines of political, social, economic, or national cleavage among groups.
Channels are located in rivers.
Channels are located in television.
Channels are located in towns.
Channels are located in tv.
Channels are located in waterways.
Channels are more streamlined, more focused content areas.
Channels are multicast, meaning that any number of hosts can communicate on a channel.
Channels are multidirectional.
Channels are open canals that convey floodwater through the valley.
Channels are open on all decks.
Channels are our way of dividing up our content into topics of interest for recruiters.
Channels are part of that.
Channels are passage.
Channels are personal.
Channels are push.
Channels are reliable.
Channels are robust to being blocked by obstacles and coverage can be achieved between rooms.
Channels are secure.
Channels are sets of related Web pages.
Channels are simple to use.
Channels are simply the view of an image separated into color components.
Channels are sites.
Channels are specific discussion groups where people talk about certain topics.
Channels are television stations.
Channels are the most familiar inter-organizational marketing relationships.
Channels are the topic designations for specific areas of discussion.
Channels are transmissions.
Channels are typed, so a compiler can check for correct usage.
Channels are used for boating.
Channels are used for swims.
Channels are used for views.
Channels are used for watching.
Channels attract audiences with their content.
Channels begin to alluviate, bedrock erosion slows, and local relief lowers.
Channels can also be password protected, for private chatting.
Channels can alsobe quite chaotic, or calm.
Channels can be both bearer and signaling.
Channels can be either natural or human-made.
Channels can be open to everyone but also closed and private and only open to friends.
Channels can be open to everyone or only to friends.
Channels can be public or private, and moderated or unmoderated.
Channels can become very crowded depending on the time of day and the topic of discussion.
Channels can broadcast live events, which can be archived, or stored content selected by the viewer.
Channels can cross categories, locations, and include external or internal information.
Channels can define their width as either thick or thin.
Channels can easily land on different servers in the POP, or even connect to separate POPs.
Channels can have a limitless variety of themes.
Channels can have their own channel calendar of events.
Channels can help build community.
Channels can move very fast when they're busy.
Channels can return user-provided data to developers, such as counts of feature usage and errors.
Channels connect the lakes.
Channels contain water.
Channels control displacement.
Channels depend on TV package.
Channels do give management control, but they also reduce the flow of information.
Channels enable users to organize content effectively.
Channels enlarge, becoming deeper and wider, with erosion posing a greater threat.
Channels Find information about health care careers and opportunities.
Channels give developers a more effective mechanism for publishing content and software.
Channels handle the call processing, the actual mechanics of a call.
Channels has a synergistic effect greater than the sum of both treatments individually.
Channels have (part) readsides.
Channels have (part) sections.
Channels have open and close states and thus variable amounts of flux.
Channels have the other most useful feature that they allow large fluxes of what they select.
Channels have the same delay.
Channels have topics, that indicate the current topic of conversation.
Channels have unique names.
Channels help to support discussions on different subjects.
Channels here allow aqueous fluid to drain back into the blood circulation from the eye.
Channels here use a different kind of music for their news.
Channels improve drainage.
Channels improve soil drainage.
Channels includes both a powerful server application and an intuitive client software interface.
Channels induced by rill erosion vary both in their depth and length.
Channels interrupting sheet flow provide an alternate route for the water.
Channels is quite inaccessible to blind users.
Channels left by dead roots bring water and oxygen down to the microorganisms living in the soil.
Channels look like regular applications on the client's desktop.
Channels now appear on the playback screen itself, more in the look of a browser.
Channels now represent something very different than books.
Channels offer product selections.
Channels offer selections.
Channels offer specialized information about college life.
Channels operate in Arabic, English and French.
Channels operate independently or synchronously within a module or across multiple modules.
Channels organize the directory into subject areas and provide fast access to popular topics.
Channels provide a broad level of targeting when buying campaigns.
Channels provide a mean for a message to be sent to several clients.
Channels provide an easy way to separate grease from the food.
Channels provide drainage.
Channels puts emphasis on helping first-time users overcome their fear and trepidation.
Channels range from business and music to poetry and professional wrestling.
Channels range from sports and art to tech and gaming.
Channels receive notifications when reports generated for the channel are complete.
Channels reconnect to the Broker if they lose connection.
Channels represent a synchronous bidirectional typed communications path between threads.
Channels require a chemical ligand for activation.
Channels require skills.
Channels result as erosion carries the structural integrity of the trail bed down slope.
Channels serve a couple of specific purposes.
Channels -Shows all active channels.
Channels simply allow ions to pass through the membrane in either direction.
Channels simply take the image and divide the information on a color basis.
Channels speed moisture to outer surface.
Channels store the color information in an image.
Channels take stink and blood baits.
Channels there remain dry for most of the year.
Channels typically flicker open in response to a stimulus and shut automatically.
Channels update themselves automatically and invisibly in the background.
Channels View our channel lineup for Atlanta.
Channels View our channel lineup for Jacksonville.
Channels View our channel lineup for New Orleans.
Channels View our channel lineup for Orlando.
Channels View our channel lineup for South Florida.
Channels often contain several overlapping conversations.
Channels often take years to develop and can persist even longer.
Channels sometimes occur without chambers.
All channels also have poor execution in common.
All channels appear to be submitted by third parties.
All channels are always individually circuit breaker protected.
All channels are full-duplex for simultaneous record and playback.
All channels are grayscale.
All channels are individually configurable and all facilities are software controlled.
All channels are integral membrane proteins.
All channels are off by a channel number.
All channels are open, and there are no voids.
All channels are open.
All channels are public.
All channels are stereo except the camera mic.
All channels are strongly dependent on the different IRCnets, which means, that ie.
All channels are to be publicly accessible - that is no private, secret or invitation only channels.
All channels are up and running now.
All channels are well marked throughout the area, and there are few obstructions to navigation.
All channels are well-marked.
All channels can operate at the same time.
All channels can operate simultaneously.
All channels has to have the same sampling frequency and number of bits per sample.
All channels have a test pulse applied.
All channels perform time to digital conversion simultan- eously.
All channels pull their templates from one template set.
All channels reflect true sound with the center delivering crisp dialogue.
All channels sample and convert simultaneously.
All channels use the same integration length.
All channels used in the system are interdependent.
All channels vary simultaneously.
All channels work.
Any channel can deliver eyeballs.
Any channel is selected.
Every channel has a polarity, horizontal or vertical.
Every channel has certain characteristics, called channel modes.
Every channel has the psychic hotline or an exercise info-mercial.
Every channel is accessible from any receiver, so everyone is happy.
Every channel is fully polyphonic, which means that also overlapping samples fade out naturally.
Every channel is now on the same time of day.
Every channel is read until it is empty.
Every channel is used to full effect, with special emphasis on low frequencies.
Many channels are imperfectly attuned to the entities they are putting in the driver's seat.
Many channels are obviously sex oriented, so statements of a sexual nature are appropriate.
Many channels are open.
Many channels use channel options files to set channel specific options.
Many channels use electronic gear that requires street reporters to juggle several chores.
Many channels wish to package their message in a manner that they themselves can understand.
More channels are added for intensive distribution in order to meet increasing demand.
More channels are available to communicate with customers than ever before.
More channels mean better lasers with higher power.
Most channels allow surface water.
Most channels allow water.
Most channels are currently little more than typical web sites with a presentation-like interface.
Most channels are regularly updated during the day, except where otherwise noted.
Most channels contain water.
Most channels deliver straight hypertext with live links to Internet sites.
Most channels have a readme.txt or some file with the rules.
Most channels have their name listed in the first line.
Most channels improve drainage.
Most channels improve soil drainage.
Most channels offer product selections.
Most channels offer selections.
Most channels originate or are transmitted and received in analog format.
Most channels provide drainage.
Most channels require skills.
Some channel features on Mars are like that.
Some channels accumulate silt that needs to be removed.
Some channels also seem to be sensitive to vibration from the chopping secondary mirror.
Some channels are a little harder to receive.
Some channels are just for chat.
Some channels are just slow, well relaxed.
Some channels are more moderated than others.
Some channels are noisy, some channels are silent.
Some channels are private.
Some channels are separated by bars.
Some channels are separated by sand bars.
Some channels carry blood.
Some channels carry current.
Some channels change shapes.
Some channels connect ventricles.
Some channels contain blood.
Some channels correspond to channels.
Some channels end at low latitudes.
Some channels even ban on reporting of such behaviour.
Some channels facilitate pinocytosis.
Some channels feature grocers.
Some channels fill with water.
Some channels form helixes.
Some channels handle velocity differently than others.
Some channels have a restricted Web access.
Some channels have additional buttons to select the display options within the channel.
Some channels have conductance.
Some channels have functions.
Some channels have roles.
Some channels have songs.
Some channels lead to chambers.
Some channels leave gaps.
Some channels pass through penises.
Some channels promote aeration.
Some channels provide conductance.
Some channels provide nutrients.
Some channels provide potassium conductance.
Some channels record continuously and others are triggered by events of a certain magnitude.
Some channels simply make no sense at all.
Some channels use cookies.
Channeled classes are now available as part of the ongoing series, Mastering Planet Earth .
Channeled glass provides stability, door opens up and secures shut with thumb screw.
Channeled material is but an aspect of the system taught by modern Spiritualists.
Channeled music is also somewhat limited, as the appreciation for music varies by culture.
Channeled readings are very helpful for each and every individual.
Channelization also increases water velocity, and thus reduces drainage time.
Channelization can lead to erosion and bank damage during flood events.
Channelization can restore low flows and reduce flooding upstream.
Channelization increases water flow rates and changes water flow pathways.
Channelization is management
Channelization is management.
Channelization is the process of straightening and deepening a stream channel.
Chant styles range from five-part Galician chant to Gregorian plainchant.
A chant is a song
A chant is church music
Chants accompany the main part of the ceremony.
Chants also work really well when it s a close game.
Chants are also common in worship and they are easy to learn.
Chants are cool.
Chants are filling the silence, Just pull the trigger.
Chants are music.
Chants are normally short and repeated several times.
Chants are particularly useful for pronunciation and stress practice.
Chants are songs.
Chants can continue for many days.
Chants can get people into a specific ritual mindset - calming and soothing and centering.
Chants echo from sol to sombre .
Chants fall into two broad categories, mele oli and mele hula.
Chants means all the women say it together, wailing is when one says and other women answer.
All chants are easy to learn, so no textbooks or music have to be read.
Most chants involve repetition of a simple phrase, to help deepen devotion and feeling in the heart.
A chanter is a pipe
Chanter is larger than a gajde and usually ends in an upturned bell.
Chanters are part of bagpipes.
Chanters are pipes.
Chanters are the people who conduct ceremonies.
Chanters cover two octaves.
Chanters sing, sway, or lead choruses of sacred songs on high holy occasions.
Many chanters attend pow-wows and Indian gatherings around the country.
Some chanters have a 'sole' at their bottom end for decorative purposes.
A chanterelle is agaric
Chanterelle allows cigar smoking in an alcove off the entrance.
Chanterelles are an example of such a mushroom, and giant puffballs are suspected to be as well.
Chanterelles are delicious sauteed and served as a first course.
Chanterelles are from Oregon right now and have been coming in wet.
Chanterelles are funguses.
Chanterelles are great as a separate side dish or addition to other dishes and sauces.
Chanterelles are much sough after for their culinary value.
Chanterelles are one of the great joys of visiting Scotland.
Chanterelles are trumpet shaped mushrooms that are mild and very delicate.
Chanterelles are trumpet shaped mushrooms that are mild flavored and very delicate.
Chanterelles lend themselves to a variety of dishes where sublety is the key.
Chanterelles seem to fit better.
Chantilly lace is a form of bobbin lace.
Chanukah time is in the air.
Chaos armies tend to have a few expensive troops, with large very expensive daemons.
Chaos island is about dinosaurs.
Chaos theory applies here.
Chaos theory challenges major presuppositional positions of traditional leadership theory.
Chaos theory comes from complex adaptive systems.
Chaos theory comprises much more, it is a fundamentally different approach.
Chaos theory divides neatly into two camps.
Chaos theory has very many applications of real life.
Chaos theory is a recent idea in maths.
Chaos theory is a relatively new branch of mathematics.
Chaos theory is a subset of complexity theory.
Chaos theory is about patterns.
Chaos theory is applied to science, with similar results.
Chaos theory is built on the concepts of nonlinearity and feedback.
Chaos theory is discussed.
Chaos theory is just one strategy for reconnecting with morphic fields and the wisdom of nature.
Chaos theory is only possible because one can simulate complex systems and observe their behavior.
Chaos theory is quite technical but it describes the characteristics of self-organizing systems.
Chaos theory is the mathematics of analyzing such non-linear, dynamic systems.
Chaos theory is the mathematics of studying such non-linear, dynamic systems.
Chaos theory is the most advanced, and bulks largest in the popular mind.
Chaos theory is the science of complexity, instability and disorder.
Chaos theory is the scientific theory which deals with non-linear systems.
Chaos theory is the study of forever-changing complex systems.
Chaos theory is the study of nonlinear dynamic systems.
Chaos theory is utilized in computer systems for creating virtual worlds.
Chaos theory posits a determined but unpredictable world.
Chaos theory provides a sound framework with which to develop scientific knowledge.
Chaos theory sets in.
Chaos theory shows how simple systems can have unpredictable behaviour.
Chaos theory shows that simple systems can generate complex systems over time.
Chaos theory states that complexity and simplicity are two parts of one whole.
Chaos theory suggests a new paradigm for nursing science.
Chaos abounds and the guests attempt to create a cover-up.
Chaos arrives along with the gorgeous new office manager.
Chaos beads looking like fiery spirals.
Chaos begins anew, and just like that the truce is destroyed.
Chaos begins to teleport around.
Chaos begins when the bananas run out.
Chaos breaks across the lines of separate scientific disciplines.
Chaos breaks across the lines that separate scientific disciplines.
Chaos breaks out when a meteor crashes on Earth, bearing one-celled organisms.
Chaos breeds chaos.
Chaos breeds confusion and fear.
Chaos can be a fertile thing , but it can also be a destructive thing.
Chaos can be a spur to invention and creativity.
Chaos can be both dangerous and expensive.
Chaos can be energy which looks random close up but from a distance shows as a pattern.
Chaos can be fun and exciting.
Chaos can be fun, but order makes the garden pleasant to be around.
Chaos can be more or less strictly defined.
Chaos chooses for Itself with a very capricious sense of humor.
Chaos comes when there are harmonics in a binary ratio.
Chaos continues as the storm ravages the deck of the ship.
Chaos control digizine.
Chaos covers everything that seems to be disorderly but in fact adheres to underlying patterns.
Chaos creates energy drains.
Chaos creates infinite possibilities.
Chaos creates opportunity.
Chaos deals with how a system evolves and changes over time.
Chaos demands continuous improvement and renewal, which is impossible without dynamic creativity.
Chaos demands to be recognized and experienced before letting itself be converted into new order.
Chaos destroys and creates.
Chaos ensues with directory listings and search results that resemble pack-rat nests.
Chaos enters into cutting-edge research into phenomena like convection .
Chaos erupts as monsters and demons roam the streets killing even more.
Chaos erupts as students engage in lively and usually uninhibited discussion of the question.
Chaos erupts as students engage in lively discussion of the question.
Chaos erupts as studnets engage in lively and usually uninhibited discussions of the question.
Chaos erupts later that evening when more reports of fighting and gunshots are reported.
Chaos even explains the roughness of the earth's surface.
Chaos explores everything.
Chaos flows around the mountains and overflows the rivers disrupting the pastoral life of the plain.
Chaos forbids a lot of accuracy in predicting the outcome of galactic snooker.
Chaos generates subtle, complex, and rapidly changing order.
Chaos helps to get out of the frame without being destructive, and even shows new ways of thinking.
Chaos is confusion
Chaos is confusion.
Chaos is dischord.
Chaos is dynamical systems.
Chaos is eukaryotes.
Chaos is everywhere, all the time, in every way, all things.
Chaos is everywhere.
Chaos is physical phenomenons.
Chaos is pop genetics.
Chaos isa confusion.
Chaos leaves little to be desired when it comes to entertainment.
Chaos lies in the realm of the non-linear.
Chaos likes simple tasks.
Chaos looms in the near future.
Chaos lurks behind the lines of every page, taking the society of the spectacle to new heights.
Chaos moves into form while rigid design breaks like a maelstrom.
Chaos occurs on different time scales.
Chaos occurs when larger forces balance.
Chaos overtakes such a society.
Chaos poses problems that defy accepted ways of working in science.
Chaos precedes creation.
Chaos presents the opportunity for drastic change.
Chaos produces both beauty and love.
Chaos quickens growth, but the difficult bit, chaos, comes first.
Chaos reduces species extinction by amplifying local population noise.
Chaos reigns again in the heavyweight division.
Chaos reigns and no one seems to be in charge.
Chaos reigns as marauders vie for power.
Chaos reigns as the orangutan roams the chic corridors.
Chaos reigns at a party thrown by a young man's outspoken fiancee.
Chaos reigns at the borderline of creation and destruction.
Chaos reigns for the remainder of the performance.
Chaos reigns in Hungary.
Chaos reigns in the company.
Chaos reigns in the steamy summer streets.
Chaos reigns over predictability.
Chaos reigns supreme in the Linux tribe.
Chaos reigns supreme.
Chaos reigns within .
Chaos reigns within.
Chaos reigns, and the plan of working quietly without distraction at home, is abandoned.
Chaos reigns, as free speech often devolves into completely off-topic flirting and flaming.
Chaos reigns, normal order steps aside, and all manner of strange things occur.
Chaos reins for several minutes and then is beaten into submission.
Chaos represents matter's desire for form.
Chaos resolves into higher order.
Chaos resolves into order.
Chaos results when laws are broken.
Chaos results when something unpredictable happens.
Chaos rides in on rising expectations.
Chaos starts to take place.
Chaos takes hold of nearly every level of society.
Chaos times ten.
Chaos always defeats order because it is better organized.
Chaos always wins in the end.
All chaos does, whatever kind, be it physical or emotional, mental or spiritual.
All chaos stems from attempts to avoid it.
Much chaos is seen in the many uprising, revolutions and failing governments throughout the world.
Some chaos comes from disasters.
Some chaos takes places.
Chaotic battle sounds including screaming bombs, crashing planes, splashing torpedoes and more.
Chaotic behavior has definite form.
Chaotic change follows a multitude of patterns.
Chaotic data becomes usable information.
Chaotic deposit separates two major cycles of sandstone deposition.
Chaotic development develops chaos.
Chaotic dynamics have a pattern of periods of unpredictable disorder followed by bifurcations.
Chaotic dynamics looks like stochastic noise, however the model is absolutely deterministic.
Chaotic energies can intrude into rational, logical thoughts, and burnout can occur.
Chaotic flames represent the simplest of turbulence in combustion.
Chaotic flow is created by a nearly vertical shaft spinning a nearly horizontal flat disk.
Chaotic magic is practiced by many today.
Chaotic maps provide excellent security and have many desired cryptographic qualities.
Many chaotic settings are preconditions for greater creativity.
Chaotic signals can show spectra in the full range from pure tones to very noisy.
Chaotic signals lie somewhere between regular signals and noise.
Chaotic space is, by definition, empty and formless.
Chaotic systems are complex.
Chaotic systems are deterministic, yet they are unpredictable.
Chaotic systems are extremely unpredictable and have no memory of the past.
Chaotic systems are found in many fields of science and engineering.
Chaotic systems are inexpensively controllable if one is in a position to provide external forces.
Chaotic systems are systems that can have more than one solution.
Chaotic systems become unpredictable because they are so sensitive to their starting conditions.
Chaotic systems exhibit sensitive dependence on initial conditions.
Chaotic systems have at least two solutions.
Chaotic systems have the potential to behave in many different ways.
Chaotic systems tend to be very simple in concept, but lead to enormous complexity.
All chaotic systems seem to have an unusual sensitivity to initial conditions.
Some chaotic systems have remarkably simple governing rules.
Chaotic thoughts float lightly about even more readily than goose down.
A chap is a male
CHAP accredits all home and community-based health care organizations.
CHAP gives medical students the skills to address public concerns in an effective manner.
CHAP incorporates three steps to produce a verified link after the link is first initiated.
CHAP is in existence to support homeschoolers within the state.
Chap isa individual.
Chap isa person.
Chap isa somebody.
Chap isa someone.
CHAP offers limited protection from real-time active attacks.
CHAP provides leadership and direction for homeschoolers on a national and statewide basis.
CHAP seeks authority to grant deemed status to hospice programs.
Chaps are a very hard item to purchase.
Chaps are cracks.
Chaps are for keeping weeds out of their pants and for keeping their legs warm.
Chaps are leather leggings that protected their legs.
Chaps are leather leggings worn over blue jeans.
Chaps are leggings.
Chaps are males.
Chaps are of light leather, snugged tight around the thigh, thus protecting the cowboy's legs.
Chaps can be purchase from a motorcycle store, a western company, or directly from a leather shop.
Chaps has yellow kernels.
Chaps have (part) arms.
Chaps have (part) body substances.
Chaps have (part) cell membranes.
Chaps have (part) cells.
Chaps have (part) corpi.
Chaps have (part) cytoplasm.
Chaps have (part) heads.
Chaps have (part) legs.
Chaps have (part) necks.
Chaps have (part) nuclei.
Chaps have (part) personality.
Chaps have (part) plasma membranes.
Chaps have (part) sections.
Chaps have (part) vacuoles.
Chaps have a unique design for adequate engine cooling and low wind resistance.
Chaps have adjustable leg and waist.
Chaps have brains.
Chaps have Velcro closure on waistband, strap ties for legs.
Most chaps have brains.
Some chaps get bullets.
Some chaps recognize issues.
Some chaps save life.
Some chaps see horns.
Some chaps see waterbucks.
Some chaps shoot bulls.
Chaparral branches are rigid, an adaptation which prevents damage due to wilting.
Chaparral ecosystems contain many plants that are fire dependent species.
Chaparral growth is sometimes so dense that it is almost impenetrable.
A chaparral pea is a bush
Chaparral pea is endemic to California.
Chaparral pea is important browse for black-tailed deer.
Chaparral peas are shrubs.
Chaparral soils are also highly erodible.
Chaparral soils are typically coarse-textured, deep, and poorly developed.
Chaparral species inhibit the establishment of cypress seedlings on most sites due to competition.
Chaparral tea can cause liver failure.
A chaparral is vegetation
Chaparral isa vegetation.
Chaparrals are characterized by a mixture of trees, shrubs and open ground.
Chaparrals are desert types located in the mediterranean area.
Chaparrals are home to deer, snakes, birds, and lizards.
Some chaparrals have density.
Some chaparrals intersperse with grass.
Some chaparrals reduce availability.
Some chaparrals reduce prey availability.
Chapel attendance is mandatory.
Chapel time is also the time of recognition for the work individual kids have performed.
Chapel worship can be an important factor in a student's individuation process.
Chapel worship is open to participants from all denominational backgrounds.
A chapel is house of worship
Chapel furnishes worship opportunities and helps make students aware of moral and spiritual issues.
Chapels are available depending on time of day and day of week.
Chapels are located in churchs.
Chapels are located in priests.
Chapels are located in prisons.
Chapels are located in towns.
Chapels are located in university campuses.
Chapels are open at all times for spiritual support, meditation, and quiet reflection.
Chapels are open daily during normal duty hours for private worship and devotion.
Chapels are places of worship.
Chapels are small churchs.
Chapels are temples.
Chapels are used for christians.
Chapels are used for meditation.
Chapels are used for prayer.
Chapels are used for religious services.
Chapels are used for sanctuaries.
Chapels are used for weddings.
Chapels are used for worship.
Chapels are used for worshippings.
Chapels begin in spring training and end after the fall leagues.
Chapels begin with praise and worship led by an organist, pianist or worship team.
Many chapels have a special purpose in the church.
Many chapels have statues of canonized saints in the alcoves lining the sanctuary.
Many chapels offer full-service wedding planning.
Most chapels have all-exclusive packages that include everything from video services to flowers.
Some chapels offer cake and punch receptions.
Chapelgate entrance is a short distance on the left.
A chaperon is a guardian
Chaperons are defenders.
Chaperons are professional, trained to work with Spanish students.
Chaperons are released as protein is transferred to a channel in the outer membrane.
Chaperons are responsible for student behavior.
Chaperons are responsible for supervising their group at all times .
Chaperons are responsible for the behavior of minors.
Chaperons are responsible for the behavior of the students while they are in the museum.
Chaperons are welcome to visit the museum shop without students if they have no other duties.
Chaperone proteins are proteins that help fold other proteins inside a cell.
A chaperone is a guardian
Chaperone lives on campus with the students.
Chaperone relies on a master password to control profile settings.
Chaperones are free of charge, but one is required to attend for every five scouts they bring.
Chaperones are free.
Chaperones are fully responsible for their students behavior.
Chaperones are located in parties.
Chaperones are never able to control the problem.
Chaperones are no fun and no kid wants a relationship with one.
Chaperones are present for unaccompanied children.
Chaperones are present in all organisms and are highly conserved.
Chaperones are responsible for ensuring that their charges travel plans are in order.
Chaperones are responsible for maintaining orderly student behavior.
Chaperones are responsible for the conduct of their groups.
Chaperones are responsible to see that the vehicle is left clean and tidy at the end of the trip.
Chaperones are themselves protein molecules and have a cylindrical shape.
Chaperones are welcome to observe the in-class sessions.
Chaperones assist folding by preventing aggregation of the folding polypeptide.
Chaperones bind to protein as it enter the matrix.
Chaperones Bring a Chaperone , but.
Chaperones can ask kids key questions or point out items of special interest.
Chaperones designate a room captain for each of their groups.
Chaperones hide in hollow trees to catch students in wrong-doing.
Chaperones live in the dormitory with the students.
Chaperones pay the full tour cost.
Chaperones receive a free ticket to the play.
Chaperones room together near their assigned children.
Chaperones supervise until Breakfast tomorrow.
Chaperones travel round trip and room with zone swimmers.
Many chaperones eat with the students.
More chaperones are welcome for full fare.
Chaperoned children are always welcome.
Chaplain assistants serve under the staff supervision of the chaplain.
A chaplain is a clergyman
Chaplain celebrates ministry in parade and in start of worship with hosts and guests.
Chaplain gives final invitation for comments and makes a summary statement.
Chaplain is available for spiritual support and also administers sacraments.
Chaplain leads the way to grave site, followed by casket team.
Chaplain leads transition from factual to emotional focus.
Chaplain recruits learning to rough it in a field environment.
Chaplains accompany the men, and worship services are held every morning.
Chaplains also establish and maintain religious libraries for the inmate population.
Chaplains also have politics to play.
Chaplains also have special funds available for sponsoring such activities.
Chaplains also help families who wish to contact clergy from their own faith tradition.
Chaplains also help hospitalized patients and their local pastors stay in touch.
Chaplains also meet monthly for on-going training and support.
Chaplains also participate in the life of the department.
Chaplains also serve as a liaison between inmates and staff.
Chaplains also visit individual racecars to pray with drivers, many of whom are deeply religious.
Chaplains also visit ships, bringing reading material and a sympathetic ear.
Chaplains are a good resource as well.
Chaplains are active participants in the halls.
Chaplains are also able to facilitate linking students into their ethnic communities.
Chaplains are also available as a resource to hospital staff and employees.
Chaplains are also available for personal visits.
Chaplains are also available to offer spiritual and emotional support if desired.
Chaplains are always available to help in cases of illness or bereavement.
Chaplains are always available.
Chaplains are available at the hospital around the clock, seven days a week.
Chaplains are available for conversations, pastoral counseling, social and recreational activities.
Chaplains are available for counseling.
Chaplains are available for premarital, personal, and family counseling.
Chaplains are available for response to individual unit personnel at times of crises.
Chaplains are available to all patients for counsel and assistance.
Chaplains are available to all who wish their services.
Chaplains are available to discuss spiritual questions and issues.
Chaplains are available to explore bioethical issues and provide sacraments, prayer and scripture.
Chaplains are available to speak with workers confidentially about any aspect of their lives.
Chaplains are clergymans.
Chaplains are commissioned officers who serve in the United States Armed Forces.
Chaplains are generic.
Chaplains are happy to explore issues of faith or provide information about local faith communities.
Chaplains are here to listen.
Chaplains are ministers and staff officers who focus on religious, moral and morale issues.
Chaplains are ministers with special skills in helping people during times of illness.
Chaplains are no different.
Chaplains are on call and on duty at all times.
Chaplains are on-call at all other times for emergencies and other critical situations.
Chaplains are ready to conduct weddings, baptisms, and if necessary funerals.
Chaplains are ready to visit members of the family who are hospitalized for whatever reason.
Chaplains are unpaid volunteers.
Chaplains are usually on hand to help people deal with spirituality during the dying process.
Chaplains are vital when things get hard.
Chaplains assist commanders in facilitating the right to free exercise of relgion for all personnel.
Chaplains attend weekly training nights and are sometimes asked to conduct weddings or funerals.
Chaplains belong out with the troops.
Chaplains bring salt and light to a bland and dark society.
Chaplains can be of assistance in such instances.
Chaplains can be the means to represent confidential or sensitive concerns within an organization.
Chaplains can see trainees at whatever location they are during the day.
Chaplains can speak to companies about their policies.
Chaplains can visit people in their own accommodation and can be contacted at any time if needed.
Chaplains come at any hour, in all kinds of weather.
Chaplains drive their own vehicles, and provide their own insurance.
Chaplains get a lot of their training in seminaries and through courses offered by their services.
Chaplains Get to know the chaplains.
Chaplains handle a variety of problems for seafarers.
Chaplains have a different mission.
Chaplains have their own offices.
Chaplains help with spiritual comfort or ensure communication with a patient's parish of choice.
Chaplains hold worship services and provide education and related duties.
Chaplains identify any spiritual distress and plan appropriate intervention for any patient.
Chaplains occasionally get requests for Bibles.
Chaplains offer counseling support and visit patients and their families.
Chaplains offer spiritual counseling on an individual basis.
Chaplains offer students a welcoming and supportive presence in an often overwhelming place.
Chaplains perform a variety of functions depending on their ministry location.
Chaplains perform funeral services according to the dictates of their own particular faith group.
Chaplains provide a ministry of presence and offer spiritual teaching programs.
Chaplains provide for their own faith group, facilitate for other faith groups, and care for all.
Chaplains provide seven days a week, evenings, and weekend coverage to meet inmate religious needs.
Chaplains provide spiritual counselling and support for religious activities.
Chaplains provide spiritual guidance and counseling to all interested residents.
Chaplains provide spiritual guidance to all interested residents.
Chaplains provide superior operational and professional ministry in pastoral support for our units.
Chaplains respect the religious faith of the employees.
Chaplains respond to emergency and trauma cases as requested.
Chaplains routinely visit patients in all areas of the medical center.
Chaplains save souls.
Chaplains serve as ministers of various faiths for soldiers, civilians and their family members.
Chaplains spend much of their time visiting their assigned units.
Chaplains typically attend the course in the seventh or eighth year of their chaplaincy.
Chaplains understand the importance of faith and prayer for healing.
Chaplains visit the ward regularly and are available for private consultation.
Chaplains visit the wards regularly and are available for private meetings.
Chaplains frequently work in ecumenical teams and offer their ministry to all concerned.
Chaplains often assist with memorial services and funeral arrangements.
Chaplains often get referrals by word of mouth, but they also recruit companies.
Chaplains often phone union representatives and port safety officials about conditions aboard ship.
All chaplains are available for personal counseling regardless of the beliefs of the individual.
All chaplains provide pastoral and spiritual counseling.
Most chaplains are clear about church-related issues.
A chaplaincy is a position
Chaplaincies are positions.
Chaplaincy can be a lonely life since people are always graduating and leaving.
Chaplaincy encourages all people of faith to share their treasured beliefs.
Chaplaincy promotes the development of student leaders in the Catholic community.
Chapman codes exist for all parts of the UK and Ireland.
Chapman Lake is special.
A chapman is a peddler
Chapman accomplishes several interesting feats in the opening section of the novel.
Chapman advises against filing for bankruptcy.
Chapman allows students to become active participants in their own educational process.
Chapman believes in an open and comfortable classroom experience.
Chapman considers it useful to put aspects of the Australian debate into the UK policy context.
Chapman does eventually land on the inevitable.
Chapman encourages employers to examine turnover rates carefully.
Chapman expects similar development in Huntington, and a natural downtown shift to the north.
Chapman explores the implications of the doctrine of the priesthood of all believers.
Chapman feels fortunate to have a supportive wife.
Chapman follows with the title track, and first single.
Chapman is by no means a techno-phobe.
Chapman is in the same position that more high school wrestlers find themselves in.
Chapman means business.
Chapman offers ample opportunity for experience.
Chapman takes up the story in a way typical of the gifted scholar and translator.
Chapman warns further that corporate governance in the busted Net arena is often an illusion.
Chapman works six days a week, with one day open for travel to the next city.
Chapmans are peddlers.
Chappaquiddick island is a very special landscape that deserves special thought and care.
Chapped lips are also very common.
Chapped lips are an especially wicked winter curse.
Chapped skin is particularly likely to occur around the lips.
Chapped teats can lead to mastitis.
Chapter books are often great read alouds.
Chapter Eleven discusses the relationship between nutrition and hair loss.
Chapter Eleven discusses the students who resist learning.
Chapter Eleven involves data base management.
Chapter Eleven reviews cross-cutting issues and a vision for the future.
Chapter Four begins the process of identifying factors which are related to criminality.
Chapter Four describes a variety of ways to attack zone defenses.
Chapter Four discusses implications for acquisition, research and development.
Chapter Four discusses management of individual Six Sigma projects.
Chapter Four discusses school desegregation.
Chapter Four discusses the data findings and results.
Chapter Four discusses the political tasks involved in making the new system work.
Chapter Four discusses the results of the user testing.
Chapter Four focuses on child rearing assistance.
Chapter Four focuses on the important area of intellectual property in information technology.
Chapter Four gives good instruction on full breathing, along with variations of postures to utilize.
Chapter Four handles the morphology of adjectival stems.
Chapter Four illustrates environmental risks to human health.
Chapter Four includes the usual analyses of policing, adding insights from minority perspectives.
Chapter Four introduces the concept of using algorithms, subroutines, and libraries.
Chapter Four introduces the overarching legal problem.
Chapter Four offers a compendium of real world issues organized as usable single-issue snapshots.
Chapter Four starts off with some wristlocks and wrist trap come-along holds.
Chapter Fourteen discusses geographic literature.
Chapter house is on the left.
Chapter houses are houses.
Chapter houses become homes to the women who live there.
Chapter houses surround the campus, and all are within walking distance.
Chapter III reviews the fundamentals on selecting suppliers.
Chapter III reviews the responses of villagers and government to environmental problems.
Chapter Nine belongs to Stephen, with Bloom making only a cameo.
Chapter Nine brings the state to the brink of a shutdown.
Chapter Nine develops adaptive inverse control designs for systems with sensor nonlinearities.
Chapter Nine discusses training and preparation for peace building.
Chapter Nine focuses on simulation and role-playing.
Chapter Nine is currently available online for free.
Chapter Nine is like that.
Chapter Nine makes a comparative synthesis of the health care systems examined in the book.
Chapter Nine presents a supervisory system for the support staff to maximize employee productivity.
Chapter one begins and ends in Bethlehem.
Chapter one begins in Patras, Greece and proceeds by bus to Tirana, Albania.
Chapter one begins on page fourteen.
Chapter one begins on the tenth page, which is actually numbered page nine.
Chapter one begins seven years later.
Chapter one begins thirty-two years later.
Chapter One begins when the doors are finally swung open to the children.
Chapter one defines the duties, responsibilities and obligations of officers serving on a tanker.
Chapter one describes the parts of a long formal research paper.
Chapter one discusses first contact, including orienting the parties and arranging the meeting.
Chapter One discusses how to use the heading styles.
Chapter One discusses in good detail what trout can see, hear, and feel in the water.
Chapter one discusses the medical issues which arise in relation to the treatment of pregnant women.
Chapter One discusses the writing of the reader-response draft.
Chapter One does in fact, deal with the alleged confessions of Oswald.
Chapter one gets off to a bit of a rocky start with several errors.
Chapter one gives a definition of 'new religious movements' which is intended to include 'cults'.
Chapter one gives a detailed account of the three classes that make up U.S. society.
Chapter One gives a history of the author, which is very impressive.
Chapter One gives a short historical review of the Western sexual morality.
Chapter One gives an overview of the clan.
Chapter one goes into detail talking about the postmodern soul in cyberspace.
Chapter one introduces the topic of measurement.
Chapter one starts with digital espionage and throws around lots of scary numbers and names.
Chapter rooms have telephones for organizational business.
Chapter sections are clearly sign-posted and track well.
Chapter Seven concludes the report with recommendations.
Chapter Seven concludes with such a section.
Chapter Seven continues along the narrative thread begun in the previous chapter.
Chapter Seven continues the identification of factors which are related to criminality.
Chapter Seven discusses victim-offender mediation.
Chapter Seven focuses on corruption.
Chapter Seven focuses on elections and electoral reform around the world.
Chapter Seven focuses on the individual worshiper.
Chapter Seven focuses on vulnerable groups including widows, orphans and unaccompanied children.
Chapter Seven gives some good postures for the bed or floor.
Chapter Seven includes new information on corruption scandals in the present regime.
Chapter Seven is about chess programs and redeployment and was moderately interesting.
Chapter Seven is very short.
Chapter Seven offers stepping stones to forgiveness.
Chapter Seven presents the collaboratory testsite experience.
Chapter Seven recommends marriage as a suitable alternative to lust and fornication.
Chapter Seven takes a look back and considers the examples in a broader, more philosophical context.
Chapter thirteen revisits terminal emulation with character sets and translations.
Chapter Two continues . . .
Chapter Two follows with an exploration of the potentials of the electric violin.
Chapter Two is titled The Revival Meeting .
Chapter V addresses the topics of subnational borrowing and emergency fiscal controls.
Chapter V contains in para.
Chapter V covers select individual countries' legal systems and sources.
Chapter V deals with application of the study to a hypothetical museum gallery design.
Chapter V describes hardware and software setup.
Chapter V details the formats of the ISSA images.
Chapter V discusses various recommendations and programs for preserving agricultural land.
Chapter V ends by the international comparison of the level of tariffs on electricity.
Chapter V examines the various urban land management systems.
Chapter V focuses on programs in other states.
Chapter V follows with a description and analysis of feelings.
Chapter V illustrates changes in the workers' practice.
Chapter V introduces a new statutory scheme replacing the old common law and statutory rules.
Chapter V is a consideration of stupidity in a cultural context.
Chapter V presents information on test products which combine cognitive and non-cognitive measures.
Chapter V reports on the main disease priorities and the results of cost effectiveness analyzes.
Chapter V sets out to clarify the scope and the core content of the right to health.
Chapter VII discusses the consequences of intellectual property crime.
Chapter VII is independent of the rest of the dissertation.
Chapter VII provides more detailed decision rules.
Chapter VII stipulates the determination of the origin of goods and their customs value.
A chapter is a section
Chapter abstracts etc.
Chapter accepts members from a closed fraternity.
Chapter acts as an interlude between sections.
Chapter also discusses emerging issues including workplace violence.
Chapter also includes legal advice regarding claims.
Chapter also provides information on dementia friendly facilities in surrounding area.
Chapter are by various authors.
Chapter buys rush chair booze for doing a good job.
Chapter can then extend invitations or personal calls for the next function in their region.
Chapter celebrates tenth anniversary of charter at homecoming.
Chapter chats teenage.
Chapter closes explaining quantitative and qualitative method comparison procedures.
Chapter comes up with a percentage of that money that actually goes in the chapter account.
Chapter conducts railroad facility tours.
Chapter consider underneath many hour for changed bodybuilding magazines.
Chapter consider underneath many hour for changed mac home.
Chapter consider underneath many hour for changed real time commodity chart.
Chapter consists of a membership of computer science majors.
Chapter contains legal advice on handling a lawsuit.
Chapter contains mandatory policy.
Chapter contains material on two topics on the outline.
Chapter contains only mandatory policy.
Chapter contains the graphics interfaces.
Chapter contents pages list sections and major paragraphs of each section.
Chapter covers Colorado, New Mexico, and Wyoming.
Chapter covers the implementation of the Haystack data structures.
Chapter describes faint galaxy models based on luminosity evolution and mergers.
Chapter describes how to operate the two-dimensional graphical user interface.
Chapter describes in detail the interface between the kernel and the graphical user interface.
Chapter describes stationary and nonstationary iterative methods.
Chapter details the activation functions and output function that are already built in.
Chapter develops successful philanthropy project.
Chapter distributes a portion of membership dues to the section.
Chapter encourages students to make healthy decisions about drinking and driving.
Chapter enters third year.
Chapter explains how to perform kinematical fitting.
Chapter fear till an finger also flow kgb.
Chapter focuses on preconditioners.
Chapter gives background information necessary for the subsequent chapters.
Chapter guide All the pictorial vignettes are hotlinked to individual reviews.
Chapter has a comprehensive written scholarship program for each semester.
Chapter has an international reputation for excellence, innovation and collaboration.
Chapter has mixed content because it contains both text and other elements.
Chapter has monthly newsletters and luncheon meetings - great speakers.
Chapter has third example on space.
Chapter have autonomy to determine activities for their service area and set membership dues.
Chapter have over few education once attempted cricket betting.
Chapter have over few education once attempted free texas holdem.
Chapter have over few education once attempted handicapping software.
Chapter have over few education once attempted poker hand odds.
Chapter headings in red, paragraph markers in red or blue.
Chapter headings in red.
Chapter holds annual banquet.
Chapter hope upon many hour for consider black belt magazine magazine.
Chapter hope upon many hour for consider vanidades magazine.
Chapter Identifies the chapter as it relates to the content of the article.
Chapter ii provides detail on the issues related to assessing the effect of interventions.
Chapter is a general discussion of needs for and the configuration of emergency and standby systems.
Chapter is accompanied by illustrations and photographs.
Chapter is attached.
Chapter is cumulative.
Chapter is goal-directed, flexible, innovative, and hardworking.
Chapter is in a unique workbook format.
Chapter is large white building on the left.
Chapter is largely devoted to exploring the meaning of complex frequency.
Chapter is last building on the left.
Chapter is on the left.
Chapter is on the right side.
Chapter is on the right.
Chapter is one block beyond third light, on left hand side.
Chapter is out for review.
Chapter is particularly concerned about protecting children's privacy.
Chapter is sanctioned or suspended.
Chapter is supplemental to other laws.
Chapter is supplemental.
Chapter is the first part, which presents in detail the existing work on decision trees.
Chapter is the fourth building on the right.
Chapter is the highest level of the text.
Chapter is the most helpful compass for navigating through The Society of Mind.
Chapter is the third house on right at the light.
Chapter isa music.
Chapter link their pages here, too.
Chapter lists the power needs for specific industries.
Chapter looks at triangular solvers including cyclic reduction.
Chapter maintains a section roster and section officers.
Chapter meets for breakfast weekly for an hour and fifteen minutes.
Chapter nominate students each semester and issue an invitation.
Chapter nominating committees finalize ballots, printing and mailing.
Chapter nominating committees send bio information forms to candidates.
Chapter operates gift shop or other sales outlet for railroadiana.
Chapter preempts local ordinances regulating business of purchasing precious metals.
Chapter prepares for Spring Break.
Chapter presents our conclusions and proposes areas for future work.
Chapter presents the details of rational-strategy formulation.
Chapter provides a glimpse of issues related to the use of iterative methods.
Chapter provides a set of guidelines for colleague and chair evaluations.
Chapter provides recommended maintenance practices.
Chapter quizzes .
Chapter quizzes iii.
Chapter quizzes on selected chapters.
Chapter records access.
Chapter Refers to a document serving as a chapter in a collection of documents.
Chapter review questions with answers provided at the end of the book for self-study.
Chapter specifies the chapter of a collection of documents.
Chapter stops easily mark important parts.
Chapter Use to create a single chapter of a multichapter book.
Chapter VIII Back to . . .
Chapter wear via whatever error whether contact bicycle repairkit.
Chapter wear via whatever error whether contact cotton belts.
Chapter wear via whatever error whether contact discount eagle creek pack.
Chapter wear via whatever error whether contact jackson hole flyfishing.
Chapter XIV Back to .
Chapters actively encourage and expect members to be involved.
Chapters adapt the material into their native languages and for satellite transmission.
Chapters add up and make a book.
Chapters address how to develop, implement, and evaluate effective strategies.
Chapters address physical aspects of aging, then recommend steps toward preventative healthcare.
Chapters address professional ethics and practice standards.
Chapters address such issues as integrity, leadership, prayer, friendship and work.
Chapters address such issues as integrity, leadership, prayer, marriage, friendship and work.
Chapters address the full range of feelings that a divorce produces.
Chapters address the general problems of management as well as many different types of mediation.
Chapters address the growth of the gambling industry, addiction and gambling's link to crime.
Chapters address the issue from both the manufacturer's and the retailer's points of view.
Chapters address the major body systems.
Chapters advocating and educating patients about immunizations are just as crucial.
Chapters already operate in Austria, Australia, France, Germany, Hungary and Russia.
Chapters also administer local job referral programs.
Chapters also arrange low-cost group dance lessons, workshops, and seminars for their members.
Chapters also choose a local organization to support.
Chapters also contain tables, diagrams and pictures where relevant.
Chapters also cover beetle morphology, natural history, and collection and care of specimens.
Chapters also cover physical setting, vegetation, and botanical exploration.
Chapters also cover sling use, towing, staying out of trouble, bracing, and rough-water tips.
Chapters also discuss the clinical implications of histamine receptor antagonists.
Chapters also examine issues of learning styles and diversity.
Chapters also exist in Japan, China, and Germany.
Chapters also explain canoe paddle design and function.
Chapters also give back to their community through service projects.
Chapters also give specific methods for improving reading comprehension, vocabulary, and speed.
Chapters also has one of the best selection of magazines in the city.
Chapters also has stores in many major Canadian cities.
Chapters also have programs in advocacy, public education and awareness.
Chapters also have volunteer service officers ready to help.
Chapters also hold regular meetings and workshops.
Chapters also meet throughout the year and plan year-round events for the children and adults.
Chapters also offer diabetes education classes and youth programs.
Chapters also offer organized study hours and grade monitoring systems for their members.
Chapters also participate in multi-chapter exchanges, formal dances, and a variety of other outings.
Chapters also play active roles in their communities.
Chapters also present concepts to prevent drug abuse and pursue right relationships.
Chapters also proctor candidate supervisor written and practical qualification examinations.
Chapters also promote responsible outdoor recreation.
Chapters also provide access to local educational programming and other activities.
Chapters also provide more general background about life in Vienna at the time.
Chapters also receive extensive training on how to network more effectively.
Chapters also sponsor hikes both maintenance and for fun - for members and the general public.
Chapters also sponsor readings, workshops, special events and other programs.
Chapters also sponsor social events and provide unique access to the local federal judiciary.
Chapters alternate between history and biography.
Chapters alternate between the two worlds and between time periods.
Chapters appear to be in random order.
Chapters are a great place to network, make friends, pray together and fellowship.
Chapters are able to provide unique opportunities to their constituents.
Chapters are active across the United States and overseas.
Chapters are active in all areas of campus life and activities.
Chapters are age-appropriate.
Chapters are also devoted to internal management accounting and cost accounting.
Chapters are also our official distributors of course materials to our students. . .
Chapters are assemblies.
Chapters are autonomous groups which operate under the general guidelines of formal bylaws.
Chapters are autonomous in deciding their own levels and types of activity.
Chapters are autonomous in their activities.
Chapters are available in other areas.
Chapters are basic.
Chapters are by academic discipline.
Chapters are by invitation only.
Chapters are clubs.
Chapters are concise, but cover ample amounts of information.
Chapters are currently student oriented, but are expanding to include professionals.
Chapters are devoted to bike helmets, maintenance, and preventing bike theft.
Chapters are devoted to each writing concern in the rhetoric and editing section.
Chapters are devoted to effects on home PCs, on the job, the news, airplanes, and more.
Chapters are devoted to major topics such as treaties, economic development, health, housing etc.
Chapters are divided according to disease categories.
Chapters are divided according to geographic region.
Chapters are downloadable pdf files.
Chapters are episodes.
Chapters are essentially autonomous entities.
Chapters are fairly self-contained, with relevant references at the end of each one.
Chapters are free from hazing, harassment, and abuse of any individual or group.
Chapters are free to utilize, use, ask for, take advantage of the help they want and leave the rest.
Chapters are functional, but sparse.
Chapters are generally a more structured group with an executive, a budget and specific goals.
Chapters are generally well written and consistently organized.
Chapters are groupings of information pertaining to the same subject areas.
Chapters are in a position to tailor their training more specifically to local members' needs.
Chapters are in Acrobat format.
Chapters are in most major cities.
Chapters are inclusive from beginning to understanding diagnostic, surgical and adjuvant therapy.
Chapters are independent and can be read in any desired sequence.
Chapters are independent.
Chapters are inter-denominational and meet in towns and cities all over the world.
Chapters are interested in policy issues that address or influence world conditions.
Chapters are now available and open for public comment.
Chapters are one of the best ways of involving and benefiting the members.
Chapters are part of a regional area and report to that regional chair.
Chapters are part of books.
Chapters are part of stories.
Chapters are part of text.
Chapters are part of the business of keeping our common home going.
Chapters are phases.
Chapters are present in every state of the union, as well as several foreign countries.
Chapters are readable as .pdf files.
Chapters are relatively self-contained for ease of reference.
Chapters are relatively self-contained.
Chapters are responsible for informing members and ensuring rules are upheld.
Chapters are responsible for pick up, storage and delivery of all items.
Chapters are responsible for sending updates to headquarters.
Chapters are responsible for shipping costs only.
Chapters are responsible for staffing their display during the annual meeting.
Chapters are responsible for the collection of any chapter dues.
Chapters are responsible for the information provided on the forms.
Chapters are sections.
Chapters are self-contained.
Chapters are separate documents which can also have the same type of structure.
Chapters are several screens in length.
Chapters are short and begin with key points followed by a discussion of each point.
Chapters are short and to the point.
Chapters are short with a preface and a summary.
Chapters are short, language is rich and the ideas are fascinating.
Chapters are still eligible to apply.
Chapters are still under construction.
Chapters are succinct and deal with various aspects of futures in turn.
Chapters are succinct, ending with practical summaries.
Chapters are ten minutes each.
Chapters are the backbone of the organization.
Chapters are the ideal place to search for outstanding members who merit special recognition.
Chapters are the locally based social and activist hubs for our members.
Chapters are the sections like Referral reasons, Behavioral observations, Affects, Personality, etc.
Chapters are to be contacted about their current efforts.
Chapters are to be found now in thirty countries.
Chapters are topical and are in alphabetical order.
Chapters are topically divided, and each begins with a brief overview of the subject.
Chapters are topically divided, and entries carry brief annotations.
Chapters are very uneven in length and quality.
Chapters are welcome to enter as many categories as they like.
Chapters are well organized and set up to provide answers to common questions.
Chapters are well referenced drawing on both printed text and Internet based sources.
Chapters are well referenced.
Chapters are wonderful links to involvement.
Chapters are written by experts in the field.
Chapters are, therefore, organized in that manner.
Chapters Be consistent with headings and subheadings.
Chapters begin with a table summarizing the problems to be discussed.
Chapters begin with an overview explaining the point of the chapter.
Chapters begin with an overview of concepts and end with a summary and self-tests.
Chapters begin with basic data on population, size, main towns and political figures.
Chapters begin with details for novice computer users and advance to expert-level steps and tips.
Chapters begin with instructional objectives and definitions appear in the margins.
Chapters below are printable.
Chapters brim with tips and techniques, including five ways to build a narrative.
Chapters broadly highlight an aspect of patient care.
Chapters can accumulate large sums of money through fund-raising and other special events.
Chapters can also download membership lists that are pre- formatted for mailing labels.
Chapters can also earn commissions on orders placed from our student software catalog.
Chapters can also meet with other chapters in the region in order to share ideas and resources.
Chapters can also share scientific journals with researchers.
Chapters can choose from the following suggestions the ones they feel most comfortable with.
Chapters can choose to develop projects targeting areas that affect youth, families and communities.
Chapters can compete for various grants, scholarships, and best paper awards among other projects.
Chapters can customize their plaques and email the images they want on the plaque.
Chapters can deviate a portion of each meeting to bull sessions.
Chapters can do some local activiites.
Chapters can get significant support from each of the societies for activities.
Chapters can hold events, invite speakers or conduct workshops.
Chapters can include whichever paragraph covers their situation in their contracts.
Chapters can meet on their own as needed.
Chapters can move up or down each semester.
Chapters can now submit membership and other reports electronically to headquarters.
Chapters can obtain more sets of labels for a nominal fee, based on the size of membership.
Chapters can only charge as much as the price listed in the catalog.
Chapters can only collect names, addresses, or phone numbers on a Panhellenic information sheet.
Chapters can only receive their own chapter listings.
Chapters can participate in national fundraising programs or develop local fundraisers of their own.
Chapters can participate in numerous events within the region.
Chapters can pay the membership dues for researchers in developing countries.
Chapters can provide manpower to help local organizations' events.
Chapters can request as many grants as they wish.
Chapters can request public service announcements for their meetings and events as well.
Chapters can set higher standards if they wish.
Chapters can sign out tapes for use at meetings.
Chapters can then purchase the material for garments already cut.
Chapters can then vote at the annual conference.
Chapters can use the magazine as a membership recruitment and publicity tool.
Chapters can work on projects singly or work with other chapters to conduct collaborative projects.
Chapters collect books of all sorts as well as money to contribute to various literacy programs.
Chapters collect both local and national dues and membership fees from each member.
Chapters collect their own dues, elect their own officers and manage their own activities.
Chapters come in small chunks broken off from the narrator's nerve-tossed heart.
Chapters compete according to size, with nine different categories of competition.
Chapters compete against one another driving excellence through competition.
Chapters compete for newsletter, public relations, and chapter achievement awards.
Chapters concentrate on styles, personalities, and history without getting too deep or preachy.
Chapters conclude with a detailed bibliography of recommended reading on the topic.
Chapters conclude with a list of organizations that can be contacted for further information.
Chapters conclude with a set of lab or homework exercises.
Chapters conclude with editor-contributor dialogs on theory and practice.
Chapters conclude with list of other references.
Chapters conclude with one or more case studies.
Chapters conclude with policy proposals for increasing sustainability.
Chapters conclude with quizzes, the answers to which appear in an appendix.
Chapters conclude with references while some include additional readings.
Chapters conclude with reflection questions.
Chapters conclude with suggestions for further reading.
Chapters conduct meetings and activities which promote the field of art therapy at the local level.
Chapters conduct meetings and activities which promote the field of art therapy on a local level.
Chapters conduct their own seminar programs throughout the year.
Chapters conduct visiting programs in local hospitals and through home visiting.
Chapters consist of members within a general geographic region.
Chapters construct midway-style carnival booths that fit with each year's overall theme.
Chapters contain detailed illustrations and reference lists.
Chapters contain explanations of subject matter and activities to be performed by students.
Chapters contain extensive documentation, and a bibliography concludes the volume.
Chapters contain ideas, examples, and stories from many different couples.
Chapters contain many supplemental tables and bibliographies for further research.
Chapters contain numerous ideas for starters as well as extensive lists of topics and suggestions.
Chapters contain predefined goals, trigger events, random encounters, and predefined encounters.
Chapters contain real life examples and self-test activities.
Chapters contain references.
Chapters contain review exercises with solutions.
Chapters contain valuable information on bow building as well as arrow making and leather crafts.
Chapters count for community service.
Chapters cover a full range of sexuality and disability concerns.
Chapters cover a sub-topic of the subject area.
Chapters cover a wide variety of topics regarding care for patients with cerebral palsy.
Chapters cover accounting practices and how to hire and retain good staff.
Chapters cover agents, editors, art directors, publishers and stock houses overseas.
Chapters cover all aspects of Irish culture history.
Chapters cover all facets of pipemaking, pipe buying, pipesmoking, and pipe tobaccos.
Chapters cover basic structure and function of cells, tissues, and organs.
Chapters cover beliefs, gods, life cycle, education, and so on.
Chapters cover bible archaeology and bible history.
Chapters cover both Bible archaeology and history.
Chapters cover both bible history and bible archaeology.
Chapters cover both bible history and bible archeology.
Chapters cover both wheeled and walking moble robots.
Chapters cover cancer pathology, metastasis, carcinogenesis, genetics, treatments, and more.
Chapters cover care, simple repair, and operation.
Chapters cover composers, male singers, female singers, British singers and dancer-choreographers.
Chapters cover dead, live, soil, wind, snow, rain, ice, and earthquake loads.
Chapters cover diagnosis, the evaluation process, daily living, legal rights and advocacy.
Chapters cover diet, monitoring, exercise, skin and foot care, family concerns and traveling.
Chapters cover each region of the head and neck and important structures in the thorax.
Chapters cover everything from finding the right doctor to coping with the stress of treatments.
Chapters cover home life, career, clothing styles, communication, and gifts.
Chapters cover individual topics, i.e., food, apparel, gardens, etc.
Chapters cover installation, testing and maintenance, and upgrading.
Chapters cover international careers, short-term jobs, internships, volunteering and teaching.
Chapters cover issues such as culture, gangs, discipline, urban religions and more.
Chapters cover laparoscopic, vascular, pediatric, and thoracic surgery.
Chapters cover legal, technical, design, marketing, and host of other concerns.
Chapters cover mammals, fishes, insects, reptiles, amphibians, mollusks and echinoderms.
Chapters cover methodological issues, basic processes, instructional practices.
Chapters cover normal development, development of different organ systems, and birth defects.
Chapters cover Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Texas, Iowa, Washington, and Georgia.
Chapters cover organization, tactics, armor and weapons, fortifications, and much more.
Chapters cover organization, tactics, armour and weapons, fortifications, and much more.
Chapters cover prehistoric birds of the region to contemporary bird habitats.
Chapters cover pricing, location, scheduling, income and expenses.
Chapters cover propagation, field collecting, culture and uses.
Chapters cover published financial statements and valuation and income measurement.
Chapters cover ratings and research, ethics and decision-making, and more.
Chapters cover regional overviews and workshop reports on both sectoral and cross-cutting issues.
Chapters cover setting goals, relaxation training, visualization, pre-race planning and objectives.
Chapters cover such topics as bedrock geology, surficial geology, geology and people.
Chapters cover the effect of processing parameters and formulation on material performance.
Chapters cover the fundamental aspects which underlie an understanding of flute acoustics.
Chapters cover the German press during different historic periods and governments.
Chapters cover the history of cigar tobacco, and famous real life and fictional smokers.
Chapters cover the physiological changes and medical choices that go along with death.
Chapters cover the progress made in hospital services, primary care, and social services.
Chapters cover the structure of motors and engines, safety, seamanship, weather, and navigation.
Chapters cover topics like how to be a good boss, communication, and finishing projects.
Chapters cover turbulence, thermals, soaring flight, general meteorology and reading an area.
Chapters cover various subject-specific resources.
Chapters covered include contracts, sales, securities, bankruptcy and many others.
Chapters deal with different subjects.
Chapters deal with issues of marriage, foster care and adoption, relationships and training.
Chapters deal with more specific subjects, and are often derived from one ordinance.
Chapters deal with seagrasses, as well as dune and wetland plants.
Chapters deal with specific mental health issues and the effect of pharmocological interventions .
Chapters deal with the issues of selfishness and exploitation, freedom and virtue.
Chapters deal with training schedules, equipment, weather, racing tactics, and similar topics.
Chapters dealing with specific agencies or specific areas of the law appear later in the book.
Chapters decide on local programs and projects under the general guidelines of the national program.
Chapters decide who is listed here.
Chapters describe drug categories and individual drugs together with nursing considerations.
Chapters describe kinematics, equilibrium and kinetics, elastic solids, and Newtonian fluids.
Chapters describe palliative care on all continents.
Chapters describe the grief process and offer coping strategies.
Chapters describe wonderful scenery, plants and animals.
Chapters determine their own rush programs.
Chapters determine which programs to offer based on their community s needs.
Chapters develop unique projects for attaining the organization's goals.
Chapters discuss both general topics and specific countries.
Chapters discuss differing forms and contexts of prejudice, as well as potential interventions.
Chapters discuss liquid flavors, the creations of emulsions and drying flavors.
Chapters discuss public opinion, the media, presidential personality, and presidential character.
Chapters discuss the main fields of research and include extensive bibliographies.
Chapters discuss topics such as transcription, the voice, multiples and fractions of the beat.
Chapters don t die-they commit suicide.
Chapters earn points from the national organization for events and activities during the year.
Chapters elect their own officers, schedule their own speakers, and conduct meetings.
Chapters elect undergraduate members from students in their last two years of medical school.
Chapters emphasize pretreatment chemistry and the proper procedures and equipment for jar testing.
Chapters encourage sections to build membership to petition for chapter status.
Chapters end questions per group activities.
Chapters end with a bibliography.
Chapters end with a lengthy summary, and usually contain several examples.
Chapters end with annotated bibliographies.
Chapters end with answers to the quiz and the exercise.
Chapters end with study questions, often thought questions or case studies to analyze and argue.
Chapters end with suggestions for extending the experience.
Chapters end with useful summaries and glossaries.
Chapters enjoy the legal benefits of the association.
Chapters examine how women, older people, and people with disabilities experience life in the city.
Chapters examine who is online worldwide and among social groups.
Chapters exist around the world.
Chapters exist in all states except the Northern Territory.
Chapters exist in such diverse cities as Chicago.
Chapters exist in three-fourths of the nation's high schools.
Chapters exist on many medical school and university campuses.
Chapters explain and expose the influences of mental strengthening exercises in the process.
Chapters explore lesser known examples of great biodiversity.
Chapters explore stalking from a social, psychiatric, psycological and behavioral perspectives.
Chapters explore the role of evolution on aspects of aggression, sex, altruism and religion.
Chapters extend across the United States and Canada.
Chapters extend the association's activities to various geographic areas or industry segments.
Chapters extend the network across the country.
Chapters extend their programs to all members irrespective of chapter affiliation.
Chapters feature interesting pictures and facts which center around a mini-theme for each chapter.
Chapters focus on bacteria, fungi, protozoa, nematodes, arthropods, and earthworms.
Chapters focus on bodily products such as blood, breast milk and urine.
Chapters focus on demographic trends, Sociocultural contexts, and policy implications.
Chapters focus on individual characters and a complete chronological filmography is included.
Chapters focus on individual families, genera, or species.
Chapters focus on interviews, narratives, letters, formal research, and reporting.
Chapters focus on local and national development, as well as medical mission volunteer recruitment.
Chapters focus on pets, horses, barnyard animals, even birds and reptiles.
Chapters focus on specific periods, covering all ranks' clothing, headgear, jewelry, etc.
Chapters focus on the different political and market forces being forged in the wake of the crisis.
Chapters focus on work, exercise, aging parents, the empty nest, money, divorce, love and sex.
Chapters focus specifically on younger adolescents, middle adolescents, and older adolescents.
Chapters follow a vigorous screening process for the semiannual granting program.
Chapters follow on the remarkably wide range of clinical presentations.
Chapters follow the historical evolution of ideas in the field.
Chapters function in several states at the grass-roots level.
Chapters generally begin with a summary of a skin infection.
Chapters get and train their own recruits separately.
Chapters give a great deal of time and energy to assist others throughout our local community.
Chapters give history, names of playwrights, producers, etc.
Chapters gives lists of information and then list frequently asked questions and give answers.
Chapters go about raising scholarship money in various ways.
Chapters go to their local synagogue and help conduct all or part of the services.
Chapters happen on several levels.
Chapters has a price advantage for Canadian buyers on most of the common freedom books.
Chapters have a great deal of autonomy within their chapter houses.
Chapters have brief introductory essays.
Chapters have executive officers and numerous committees.
Chapters have lengthy bibliographies, and the appendices list manufacturers.
Chapters have lengthy bibliographies.
Chapters have many social activities such as travel, dances, and dinners.
Chapters have monthly breakfast or dinner meetings which are social and informational.
Chapters have monthly meetings and outings which are initiated, planned and produced by members.
Chapters have strong ties to one another and tend to visit often.
Chapters have the most critical role in recruiting and retaining members.
Chapters have the opportunity to discuss and share ideas about all aspects of chapter management.
Chapters have two options.
Chapters highlight the origin, structure, and function of the cells.
Chapters highlights the activities of our local chapters in Tennessee.
Chapters hold meetings to hear expert speakers and to discuss emerging technologies.
Chapters hold meetings, have scheduled activities, and in some instances, issue a newsletter.
Chapters hold monthly meetings to discuss hybridizing, pruning, fertilizing, judging and exhibiting.
Chapters hold monthly meetings, provide support, advocacy, and court accompaniment.
Chapters hold musters quarterly, with a national muster held each spring.
Chapters hold regional meetings, send out newsletters, and hold continuing education events.
Chapters hold regular meetings and host a variety of activities.
Chapters hold regular meetings to discuss current ostomy issues.
Chapters hold regular monthly meetings.
Chapters hold weekly net meetings and conduct such chapter business as is necessary.
Chapters host a wide range of activities.
Chapters illustrate a variety of employment positions.
Chapters includes visual effects, animated clips and text material.
Chapters indicate the reading assignment for the week.
Chapters initiate undergraduate, graduate, faculty, and honorary members.
Chapters is a reporting issuer governed by the laws of Ontario.
Chapters is a virtual bookstore launched by Chapters, Canada's largest bookstore.
Chapters is great Canadian book chain that sells mostly English, but some French books.
Chapters is the largest book seller in Canada.
Chapters is the largest trade bookstore market in Canada for publishers.
Chapters is the the largest book retailer in Canada, and the third largest in North America.
Chapters Learn how to read the interactive text.
Chapters listed below without an author name are from the text.
Chapters listed in bold have additional notes providing updated material.
Chapters listed in red type are inactive, with the year of inactivity in brackets.
Chapters located across the nation enhance opportunities to make local connections.
Chapters maintain a social program planned to meet the needs of the members.
Chapters maintain bamboo libraries, distribute publications and donate plants to public gardens.
Chapters maintain grade point average requirements for membership.
Chapters meet and ride to breakfast, then off on optional extended rides.
Chapters meet at least four times a year and many produce a regular newsletter for members.
Chapters meet at least once a year.
Chapters meet locally at various times throughout the year for education and networking.
Chapters meet monthly and provide educational programs as well as social events.
Chapters meet monthly for information and support.
Chapters meet monthly, with weekend activities scheduled throughout the year.
Chapters meet periodically for a variety of technical and social functions.
Chapters meet throughout the nation to schedule local and national rides.
Chapters melt away as the authors flirt with numerous topics, personalities, and notions.
Chapters mostly alternate between their two stories.
Chapters move chronologically through American church history.
Chapters nationwide are prepared to provide mental health services.
Chapters now begin with interesting vignettes to draw readers into the chapter.
Chapters now exist across America and in other countries of the world.
Chapters now have the honor of opportunity their mentor, teacher, advisor and friend.
Chapters occasionally hold joint meetings or consecutive conferences with related societies.
Chapters offer exams on a pre-set schedule.
Chapters offer local conferences for the benefit of members in their areas.
Chapters offer meetings, workshops, book fairs, and training sessions.
Chapters offer opportunities for local involvement, activism, and outings.
Chapters offer transportation, equipment, social work services and support groups.
Chapters offer varying payment plans and some offer scholarships.
Chapters offers an incredible array of books for delivery.
Chapters operate projects and programmes relevant to their local communities.
Chapters operates three major brand names.
Chapters organize and sponsor functions to help change attitudes about drinking and driving.
Chapters organize local events and create educational opportunities at the local level.
Chapters present ideas on using effective communication styles, and gathering student feedback.
Chapters present useful tools such as checklists and charts.
Chapters promote activities for all students interested in physics.
Chapters provide a means for professional interaction and continuing education.
Chapters provide a social and support network for adoptive and preadoptive families in a community.
Chapters provide a social and support network for adoptive and pre-adoptive families in a community.
Chapters provide evidence.
Chapters provide explicit statements of purpose.
Chapters provide extensive overviews.
Chapters provide indicators.
Chapters provide information.
Chapters provide key indicators.
Chapters provide local opportunities for training, newsletters and networking.
Chapters provide luncheons, seminars, and other professional development activities.
Chapters provide moral and emotional support as well as education for their members.
Chapters provide overviews.
Chapters provide programs to augment and enhance the traditional curriculum.
Chapters provide references for further information, including a few selected Internet resources.
Chapters provide references, detailed illustrations, and a summary of the procedure.
Chapters provide study tables and tutoring assistance.
Chapters provide the background needed to carry out exercises and projects.
Chapters provide the funds that provide newspapers to students in twelve local schools.
Chapters provide unit leaders, staff for special events, and other assistance.
Chapters Quickly jump to new chapters by clicking a heading from the list.
Chapters range from purchasing and inventory procedures to dress code and food handling guidelines.
Chapters range from understanding student learning to improving laboratory teaching.
Chapters range in size from twenty to eighty members.
Chapters receive all necessary supplies to run their affairs except stamps if needed.
Chapters recognize members who have faithfully served the women's committee.
Chapters refer to textbook unless otherwise indicated.
Chapters refer to the basic text.
Chapters refer to the class packet.
Chapters relate what is known about students intuitive ideas related to specific science topics.
Chapters represented are in parenthesis.
Chapters require dues in order to fund programming efforts.
Chapters review the physical and psycho-social changes associated with aging.
Chapters run events, hold meetings, sponsor youth groups, and build boats as a group effort.
Chapters says it pulled the prize because it was elaborately and deliberately misled by the author.
Chapters share ideas and activities from around the state.
Chapters share information.
Chapters sponsor educational programs and offer a variety of other networking activities.
Chapters sponsor local essay contests that usually include awards programs.
Chapters sponsor various activities to meet local needs.
Chapters start and stop willy nilly, serving no particular dramatic purpose.
Chapters step from one main character to the next while still involving another character.
Chapters stress individual academic excellence in a cooperative group setting.
Chapters strive as a whole to meet high scholastic standards.
Chapters strive to bring the joy of ballroom dancing to as many people as possible.
Chapters take one week, occasionally two.
Chapters take the reader from selecting the right breed to fitting birds for exhibition.
Chapters tend to be short, concise, extremely focused, and well referenced.
Chapters then examine a specific issue relevant to global economics based upon a general theme.
Chapters turn discord into aria.
Chapters typically charge a fee for attending membership meetings.
Chapters use proceeds from the trips to provide scholarships for students from their areas.
Chapters vary in length, but generally average about ten pages.
Chapters vary in quality, content, and the extent to which they are evidence based.
Chapters vary in size and events and are led by a group of elected officers.
Chapters weave from past to present and identical events are re-told from different perspectives.
Chapters work on next year's annual plan.
Chapters work with local businesses, chambers of commerce, and business people.
Chapters work with local chambers of commerce, business people, and business organizations.
Chapters written as tutorials are valuable adjuncts to textbooks in more traditional disciplines.
Chapters often charge nominal local dues as well.
Chapters often end in the middle of a scene to keep the reader turning the pages.
Chapters often participate in goodwill efforts at home.
Chapters often start with a quote or two.
Chapters sometimes have a difficult time getting members involved.
Chapters sometimes meet jointly with other regional library or music organizations.
Chapters usually conduct interest meetings that are relatively formal in nature.
Chapters usually have two kinds of meetings.
All chapters are automatically eligible to the award.
All chapters are available as separate chapter reprints or in compilation as a custom book.
All chapters are eligible and are evaluated based on the number of members.
All chapters are equal partners and are run by autonomous committees.
All chapters are fair game for the final.
All chapters are in except one.
All chapters are independent and can be read in any order, from start to finish or inside out.
All chapters are lengthy and contain far more information than is needed for any tutorial case.
All chapters are now in hand and being edited.
All chapters are online.
All chapters are peer-reviewed and have abstracts in French and English.
All chapters are solely independent operators.
All chapters are to be read prior to each class session.
All chapters are well organized and quite thorough.
All chapters are well-referenced and most include tables to highlight information presented.
All chapters assigned in the text are subject to examination.
All chapters begin with a prologue and an introduction and end with a chapter summary.
All chapters begin with a rescue and fostering program.
All chapters begin with learning objectives and include a table of contents.
All chapters below are from the course textbook.
All chapters come from the course textbook.
All chapters come with examples to explain the theoretical models.
All chapters contain practical examples and case studies.
All chapters deal with issues on a much broader basis than the previous reports.
All chapters Describe the components of a class discussed in the course.
All chapters devote themselves to the parish prayer list and to aiding their priests.
All chapters end with a summary and exercises.
All chapters end with problems.
All chapters end with summaries, and most include recommendations for additional reading.
All chapters finish with practical examples and with self-tests.
All chapters get together at least five times a year.
All chapters give back what they can to their community.
All chapters have a multiple-choice quiz and two essay questions.
All chapters have a selected and generous bibliography.
All chapters have academic success programs for their members.
All chapters have discussion questions.
All chapters have extensive reference sections and are well illustrated.
All chapters have grade point average minimums required for membership.
All chapters have grade-point average requirements.
All chapters have monthly or bi-monthly meetings.
All chapters have some theory.
All chapters have summaries and further reading lists.
All chapters have tests at the end with answers at the end of the book.
All chapters hold weekly chapter meetings.
All chapters keep in contact with each other through on-line computer networks.
All chapters now have one reading.
All chapters participate in a local and national philanthropy.
All chapters provide comprehensive tables, and exhaustive references.
All chapters seem to interact with local indian associations at a publicity level.
All chapters show a commitment to the preservation of chapter newsletters.
All chapters thus have a unique identifier for ease of cross reference.
All chapters use hypertext, image, and sound.
All chapters work on the same principles, regardless of where they are.
Any chapter is worth the price of the book.
Any chapter showing the atom icon has an active news letter viewable over the Internet.
Any chapter wishing to link to the Cincinnati site is welcome to do so.
Every chapter begins with a scheme of discussions under the caption.
Every chapter begins with an executive summary.
Every chapter begins with an outline of the topics covered in that chapter.
Every chapter begins with either a list of key terms or a series of student activities.
Every chapter can use information on how to raise more money.
Every chapter concludes with a chance for students to test their understanding of the chapter.
Every chapter concludes with a list of helpful references and resources.
Every chapter concludes with suggestions on how to get involved in the system.
Every chapter contains a central idea or concept.
Every chapter contains a summary, glossary of terms, and an extensive reference list.
Every chapter contains an excellent bibliography.
Every chapter contains flashes of wisdom.
Every chapter contains humor, pathos, and proof that every individual has an indomitable spirit.
Every chapter contains many examples and exercises.
Every chapter contains tips regarding various techniques and tools.
Every chapter describes specific steps or actions women can take to become positive role models.
Every chapter ends with a concise summary that restates the main purposes.
Every chapter ends with suggestions for travel and personal experience of each religion.
Every chapter finishes with a summary.
Every chapter follows a non-discriminatory policy of family selection.
Every chapter has a bibliography of suggested readings and a list of relevant problems and answers.
Every chapter has a big bang-up adventure.
Every chapter has a mini summary.
Every chapter has a scholarship program that includes study hours for new members.
Every chapter has a section on what an individual can do.
Every chapter has different needs and therefore different programs fit.
Every chapter has either a formal conclusion, or occasionally, an ending statement.
Every chapter has objectives stated at the beginning and a summary at the end.
Every chapter has one or more nugget s of pure gold.
Every chapter has several maps, and all study areas are always labeled.
Every Chapter has some degree of risk.
Every chapter has the access and ability to implement any or all programs within the initiative.
Every chapter has three sets of questions at the end.
Every chapter has weekly or biweekly meetings.
Every chapter heading has a small triangle next to it.
Every chapter holds an annual event that supports their national organization's philanthropy.
Every chapter includes a number of action steps.
Every chapter includes a problem solving section with solved problems.
Every chapter includes a summary, review questions, and programming assignments.
Every chapter includes examples, problems, and computer experiments.
Every chapter includes exercises, appropriate to the chapter content, involving the Internet.
Every chapter includes learning objectives, questions and student activities.
Every chapter includes objectives, a definition of terms, and study questions.
Every chapter includes several pages of resources for further information.
Every chapter includes student exercises and projects.
Every chapter includes test questions allowing the student to measure their knowledge.
Every chapter includes three to four sections outlining different techniques.
Every chapter includes tips for the rider and checkpoints.
Every chapter includes worked examples and problems for the reader.
Every chapter includes worked examples and problems.
Every chapter is a cliffhanger but the books produce no monsters.
Every chapter is a different and interesting story.
Every chapter is a history of ideas or developments.
Every chapter is a mini-business lesson.
Every chapter is a new experience, a different place, a separate story.
Every chapter is a perfection with no wasted words or paragraphs, no filler.
Every chapter is a recipe to forever improve and grow.
Every chapter is accompanied by bibliographical references.
Every chapter is amazingly comprehensive and has been written by a true expert in the field.
Every chapter is based on outcome studies and evidence-based orthopaedics.
Every chapter is broken down into four areas.
Every chapter is broken down into time periods.
Every chapter is chock full of interesting research and conclusions.
Every chapter is compelling, and each chapter investigates language from a different perspective.
Every chapter is filled with solid business methods that have been proven to work.
Every chapter is followed by the references cited.
Every chapter is full of useful tips, tricks, and pointers drawn from the real world.
Every Chapter is fully autonomous and sovereign.
Every chapter is impressive.
Every chapter is inspiring and informational.
Every chapter is interlinked with the previous topic.
Every chapter is packed with action.
Every chapter is packed with humor, puzzles and gameplay.
Every chapter is packed with useful new ways of doing business online.
Every chapter is presented with a lesson goal .
Every chapter is raw and ripping.
Every chapter is required to complete at least one project each year for mental health.
Every chapter is subdivided by the region of origin, or type of material of the subject.
Every chapter is summarized with a learning map.
Every chapter is unique.
Every chapter is worth reading.
Every chapter is written by experts from each country.
Every chapter lays down means and methods of reaching the goal of peace and harmony.
Every chapter makes connections with other disciplines and across the mathematical strands.
Every chapter needs to select two voting delegates to send to the National Convention.
Every chapter offers references for further research and readings.
Every chapter opens with an engaging story about politics.
Every chapter overflows with practical applications for our lives.
Every chapter paints a darker, gloomier picture of our environment.
Every chapter puts together their own protocol.
Every chapter reflects the most current statistics, issues, and challenges facing the media today.
Every chapter reveals more of each character's nature and internal demons.
Every chapter seems to coicide witha certain scene.
Every chapter shows an accomplished artist at work in their studio.
Every chapter starts and ends with a movie.
Every chapter starts easy and gets more difficult to the end.
Every chapter starts with a detailed index.
Every chapter starts with keywords and definitions.
Every chapter stresses a specific link between mechanics and materials science.
Every chapter suffers from similar effusions.
Every chapter talks about the importance of community service.
Every chapter's a winner.
Many chapter believe it is important for the instructor to be a nationally known figure.
Many chapters allow their members to apply for the same award a following year.
Many chapters already run the school store.
Many chapters also have children's groups.
Many chapters also have monthly social hours and dinners.
Many chapters also have presentations at their meetings.
Many chapters also have their own local scholarship program.
Many chapters also have Web sites that describe activities.
Many chapters also hold monthly educational seminars as well as support group meetings.
Many chapters also make scholarships available to students.
Many chapters also publish local directories.
Many chapters also schedule special seminars, evening programs and other events during the year.
Many chapters are coeducational.
Many chapters are currently under development, while others are in various stages of coordination.
Many chapters are devoted to women who played a role in the transmission of knowledge.
Many chapters are inactive due to military service.
Many Chapters are inactive due to military service.
Many chapters are inactive dur to military service.
Many chapters are large and require significant time to download.
Many chapters are suitable for adult education, sermons, social action committees.
Many chapters begin and end with images of the changing weather.
Many chapters begin with a highlighted box of key concepts.
Many chapters carry out more than one project.
Many chapters choose to elect officers at the spring meeting on odd-numbered years.
Many chapters cite students for excellence as early as the freshman year.
Many chapters come earlier in the week so that more of the NBEA convention can be experienced.
Many chapters conduct annual native plant sales and wildflower shows.
Many chapters contain remarkably clear, interesting, and well explained electron micrographs.
Many chapters contain useful lists, algorithms and diagrams.
Many chapters cover common ground and the repetition quickly becomes tedious.
Many chapters cover the plant cell cycle regulations and related topics.
Many chapters create a system which has several different levels of participation.
Many chapters draw on their authors' research specifically focusing on feedback isues.
Many chapters employ study periods, test aids, tutoring and pairing of members to study together.
Many chapters employ study periods, test aids, tutoring, and pairing of members to study together.
Many chapters equate research only with doing research.
Many chapters even require members to participate in at least one additional campus organization.
Many chapters feature major new illustrations.
Many Chapters find managing their membership records troublesome especially as a volunteer activity.
Many chapters have a length of just a few pages.
Many Chapters have a Parents' Club which works with the Chapter on various projects.
Many chapters have a small number of exercises at the end.
Many chapters have both introductory and advanced material.
Many chapters have house dances for all the members and their dates.
Many chapters have houses in which some members live.
Many chapters have lists of resources, networks, or references.
Many chapters have publications to lend on autism topics.
Many chapters have scholarship awards for their pledges and members to encourage better scholarship.
Many chapters have scholarship programs and provide a variety of other services.
Many chapters have separate meetings for surviving siblings.
Many chapters have special activities for waiting families.
Many chapters have special events and communications networks.
Many chapters have special reduced meeting fees for students.
Many chapters have special youth projects and a youth committee.
Many chapters have support groups for early onset and early stage people, by the way.
Many chapters have their own newsletters.
Many chapters have their own record of membership numbers.
Many chapters have tutoring programs, resource files, scholarships, and study hours.
Many chapters hold alumni dinners, receptions, and tailgates as a part of homecoming festivites.
Many chapters hold study groups or pair test takers with mentors.
Many chapters hold their initiation or awards ceremonies in conjunction with a banquet.
Many chapters host local research conferences.
Many chapters invite parents to the post-initiation celebration.
Many chapters now have a summer cutting exchange.
Many chapters offer a payment plan.
Many chapters offer boxes that encapsulate that chapter's theme.
Many chapters offer computer access and business tools.
Many chapters offer informative newsletters and host regular support group meetings.
Many chapters offer nature trails, fishing ponds, shooting ranges or other outdoor attractions.
Many chapters offer on-line membership sign up.
Many chapters offer seminars and workshops to help candidates prepare for the exam.
Many chapters offer specialized support groups for siblings and other family members.
Many chapters offer victim support groups.
Many chapters organize one or two community service projects each month.
Many chapters prepare a chapter newsletter to send the members each month.
Many chapters produce regular newsletters with articles of special interest.
Many chapters provide funds to support their delegates' and other members' attendance.
Many chapters provide special dance lessons for beginners.
Many chapters provide tutorial help and community service projects.
Many chapters publish local newsletters.
Many chapters recognize their members' achievements in their newsletters and at chapter meetings.
Many chapters regularly sponsor continuing professional education along with their monthly meetings.
Many chapters require the deposit to be paid in order to reserve a space in the house.
Many chapters sponsor local college scholarship programs.
Many chapters sponsor scholarships and support academic recruiting in their area.
Many chapters use nomination forms to aid in evaluating and selecting members.
Many chapters use the fastback sponsorship as a focal point for chapter projects and activities.
Many chapters use the same Bible study material to provide a cohesiveness throughout the group.
More chapters are forth coming.
More chapters do little other than accept members.
More chapters now have greater opportunities for even bigger rewards.
Most chapter also contains signature charts giving details of the signatories with their tenures.
Most chapters also contain one or more labs, which contain one or more exercises.
Most chapters also cover a particular case.
Most chapters also have organized playgroups .
Most chapters also hold plant sales and annual seed exchanges.
Most Chapters also plan regular social activities.
Most chapters appear to be in UK English.
Most chapters appear to stand alone.
Most chapters are also available in English.
Most chapters are devoted to routing.
Most chapters are functional, with the rest coming on-line later.
Most chapters are no longer than seven or eight pages.
Most chapters are reviews built around key sources.
Most chapters are short and rambling.
Most chapters are sufficiently brief to act as a good reference tool for the busy clinician.
Most chapters are under ten pages long.
Most chapters are very enthusiastic about new groups forming.
Most chapters are well-linked to related information in other sections.
Most chapters are well-referenced and scholarly.
Most chapters begin with data and an initial analysis of that data.
Most chapters conclude with a bibliography.
Most chapters conclude with questions specifically asked by patients.
Most chapters consider their advisor to be one of their single greatest assets.
Most chapters consist of alphabetical listings.
Most chapters contain a bibliography, facilitating further reading.
Most chapters contain a practical applications section and a troubleshooting section.
Most chapters contain both specific protocols and ample background material.
Most chapters contain cross references to other parts of the book.
Most chapters contain diagrams, photographs, and charts.
Most chapters contain exercises.
Most chapters contain letters from real girls who ask questions or share their personal experiences.
Most chapters contain lists of online resources students can use to find additional information.
Most chapters contain many tables and figures.
Most chapters contain news items from newspapers and magazines.
Most chapters contain simple exercises to illustrate the techniques being demonstrated.
Most chapters deals with both theoretical and practical considerations.
Most chapters describe the use of radiology in common clinical settings.
Most chapters emphasize scholarships.
Most chapters end with a very short glossary of related terms and vocabulary.
Most chapters end with comprehensive bibliographies and some with additional information resources.
Most chapters end with problems that further explore and refine the concepts presented.
Most chapters end with protocols covering recent advances or more specialised approaches.
Most chapters examine developments in specific countries while other address thematic issues.
Most chapters examine patronage, revealing the individuals and groups that influence the artists.
Most chapters feature a list format made for easy reading and understanding.
Most chapters feature questions for discussion.
Most chapters feature suggestions for discussion topics and accounting exercises.
Most chapters finish with suggestions for enhancements to the source code.
Most chapters follow a fixed pattern.
Most chapters follow the same formula.
Most chapters have a fly-in, dinner meeting or both, once a month.
Most chapters have a house corporation that owns the property and takes care of major upkeep.
Most chapters have a housemother who supervises the kitchen operations and plans the menus.
Most chapters have a list of references.
Most chapters have a lounge or office on campus.
Most chapters have a monthly meeting.
Most chapters have a program at their monthly meetings and subjects vary.
Most chapters have a protocol or test which follows the text.
Most chapters have additional lab projects in the middle.
Most chapters have an active social calendar that offers the opportunity to renew old acquaintances.
Most chapters have brief conclusions that are helpful.
Most chapters have clubs and support groups.
Most chapters have exercises at the end and the answers are provided in an appendix.
Most chapters have exercises to perform, but no answer section.
Most chapters have individual contact information.
Most chapters have lending libraries containing tapes and books for the use of their members.
Most chapters have members who already have computers and are familiar with the Internet.
Most chapters have monthly meetings, often a luncheon, to hear guest speakers and to discuss issues.
Most chapters have more than a single screen of data for every age group.
Most chapters have more than one page.
Most chapters have no meetings during the summer months.
Most chapters have one vote, while larger chapters have two votes.
Most chapters have parties for games.
Most chapters have strong academic programs which help foster as well as reward academic success.
Most chapters have ten categories.
Most chapters have their city as boundary.
Most chapters have their own kitchen and meal plan.
Most chapters have their own reference notes.
Most chapters have their own Web sites.
Most chapters hire their own cooks and meals are prepared in the houses.
Most chapters hold annual award dinners at their local tracks to honor top horses and horsemen.
Most chapters hold formal rush in the fall with optional informal rushes throughout the year.
Most chapters hold formal rush recruitment in the fall of the academic year.
Most chapters hold mini-conferences.
Most chapters hold regular meetings and offer professional development opportunities.
Most chapters hold regular meetings and publish newsletters.
Most chapters host an annual boat show.
Most chapters involve themselves in at least one fundraiser and one service project each semester.
Most chapters maintain in-house quiet hours and study hours.
Most chapters meet at least once a month, and many also have social events between meetings.
Most chapters meet at least once a month.
Most chapters meet monthly with prominent Garbologists as speakers.
Most chapters meet monthly with social time following meetings.
Most chapters meet once or twice a month, and each chapter determines meeting times and dates.
Most chapters offer a variety of workshops from the basics of writing to promotional opportunities.
Most chapters offer an in house meal program.
Most chapters offer monthly support groups.
Most chapters offer specific suggestions and advice.
Most chapters offer victim support groups.
Most chapters operate by point guide-lines.
Most chapters operate by point guidelines.
Most chapters print their own merchandise for sale.
Most chapters provide evidence.
Most chapters provide extensive overviews.
Most chapters provide indicators.
Most chapters provide information.
Most chapters provide key indicators.
Most chapters provide many of the services listed above.
Most chapters provide overviews.
Most chapters provide peer visitors and help accessing local resources.
Most chapters publish a monthly newsletter to inform members about upcoming meetings and events.
Most chapters publish a newsletter for all members of the chapter.
Most chapters publish a quarterly newsletter, and hold one or more conferences a year.
Most chapters publish practitioner directories.
Most chapters publish their own newsletters to keep their members informed of upcoming events.
Most chapters refer to Web resources and tutorials.
Most chapters require additional research and sample code.
Most chapters resume regular meetings in the fall.
Most Chapters routinely copy editors of other Chapter newsletters.
Most chapters sponsor a show each year.
Most chapters support both local charities and their national organization's philanthropy.
Most chapters take field trips or have programs on birds.
Most chapters tell several stories to state and illustrate basic themes about the legal system.
Most chapters use our On-line Set Up Process.
Most chapters vote members in bases on a vote of approval.
Some chapter do a few really big fellowships while others do tons of little stuff.
Some chapters add an extended concert of prayer one day each week.
Some chapters allow self-nomination.
Some chapters also contain articles.
Some chapters also have lab or field projects.
Some chapters also make interesting contributions to the subject.
Some chapters also publish newsletters for their own initiates.
Some chapters also raise money for local charities.
Some chapters apply economic theory to contracting out.
Some chapters are a dozen pages long, while others fill only three-quarters of the printed page.
Some chapters are actually quite involved.
Some chapters are already available on the tank's Web site.
Some chapters are already on campus.
Some chapters are already very excited about it.
Some chapters are available on the Internet.
Some chapters are better than others.
Some chapters are city-based, while others are formed at a particular school or university.
Some chapters are excellent.
Some chapters are freely downloadable here.
Some chapters are freely open but full access requires payment of subscription.
Some chapters are full of exquisite details and are a delight to read.
Some chapters are lean and analytical, obviously intended for policy makers.
Some chapters are less substantive, but no less fun to read.
Some chapters are less than a page in length but no less useful for that.
Some chapters are like psychological textbook works, while others are puerile and childish.
Some chapters are more focused towards athletics, academics, involvement, or friendship.
Some chapters are more into analysis, e.g., FP architecture, while some chapters are less.
Some chapters are more tentative than others.
Some chapters are part of almanacs.
Some chapters are part of anthems.
Some chapters are part of anthologies.
Some chapters are part of atlases.
Some chapters are part of ballads.
Some chapters are part of boogie.
Some chapters are part of booklets.
Some chapters are part of books.
Some chapters are part of catalogs.
Some chapters are part of cookbooks.
Some chapters are part of correspondence.
Some chapters are part of dictionaries.
Some chapters are part of ditties.
Some chapters are part of encyclopedias.
Some chapters are part of figures.
Some chapters are part of films.
Some chapters are part of glossaries.
Some chapters are part of guidebooks.
Some chapters are part of headers.
Some chapters are part of headings.
Some chapters are part of headlines.
Some chapters are part of hymns.
Some chapters are part of illustrations.
Some chapters are part of invitation.
Some chapters are part of invites.
Some chapters are part of jokes.
Some chapters are part of letters.
Some chapters are part of lullabies.
Some chapters are part of magazines.
Some chapters are part of manuals.
Some chapters are part of movies.
Some chapters are part of newspapers.
Some chapters are part of notes.
Some chapters are part of phonebooks.
Some chapters are part of poems.
Some chapters are part of postcard.
Some chapters are part of primer.
Some chapters are part of publications.
Some chapters are part of songs.
Some chapters are part of text.
Some chapters are part of textbooks.
Some chapters are part of titles.
Some chapters are part of vocabulary.
Some chapters are quite large.
Some chapters are quite technical and difficult to read but there is some very interesting chapters.
Some chapters are shorter, some are longer.
Some chapters are superb, despite their brevity.
Some chapters are technical.
Some chapters are very active and meet regularly.
Some chapters are very incomplete.
Some chapters are very involved in offering programs through out the year.
Some chapters are very light but some unusual topics briefly covered.
Some chapters are worthy of particular attention.
Some chapters ask the membership for a regular pledge as a sign of their commitment.
Some chapters assign each small group a day during the week to lead that day's prayer time.
Some chapters assume knowledge of probability functions.
Some chapters begin the 'unfreezing' process by placing inductees on chapter boards.
Some chapters carry a few references but there is no bibliography or reading list.
Some chapters charge for their meetings.
Some chapters choose new members each semester, while others hold rush only once a year.
Some chapters combine the offices of secretary and treasurer.
Some chapters compile the already published information, others introduce new conceptions.
Some chapters contain audio segments.
Some chapters contain considerably more technical material than others.
Some chapters contain practical advice and resource listings.
Some chapters cover a symptom or a problem caused by a disease.
Some chapters cover the new girls games movement and software aimed primarily at girls.
Some chapters deal almost exclusively with women.
Some chapters describe a single disease, such as osteoporosis.
Some chapters discuss optional software packages such as uucp and the unix printing system.
Some chapters discuss which cancers are associated with a specific risk factor.
Some chapters do a beautiful job of exposing the conservative underbelly.
Some chapters do allow attendance to meetings, in-services, etc.
Some chapters do assume computer or cryptographic knowledge.
Some chapters do reach adulthood, but then relapse into adolescence.
Some chapters end with extensive bibliographies.
Some chapters even fund local research.
Some chapters even offer scholarships and awards recognizing members.
Some chapters even teach classes on fluid power.
Some chapters extensively discuss doing business through the Internet.
Some chapters fairly crackle with cutting edge theoretical and practical issues.
Some chapters fall short of fulfilling their stated promises.
Some chapters feature their own web site.
Some chapters find it valuable to act as a forum for controversial professional issues.
Some chapters focus on aspects.
Some chapters focus on methods.
Some chapters focus on types.
Some chapters go into detail about their livestock program.
Some chapters go into great detail while others are short.
Some chapters have a social or an informal meeting once each year.
Some chapters have a video segments listed.
Some chapters have close ties to universities with a lot of student members.
Some chapters have consistent and large daily prayer meetings.
Some chapters have difficulty obtaining new members to serve on their board.
Some chapters have extensive endnotes, some have only a few, and others have none.
Some chapters have good local meetings and activities.
Some chapters have large quarterly meetings, like mini-conferences.
Some chapters have meetings every month, where others have bi-monthly or quarterly meetings.
Some chapters have more than one draft.
Some chapters have notes added in proof, updating the information with newer findings.
Some chapters have pictures of their members on their websites.
Some chapters have special interest in a time period or peoples.
Some chapters have special rules in the game and types of soldier that only they can use.
Some chapters have their own Web pages.
Some chapters hold banquets or other ceremonies.
Some chapters hold regular meetings with a couple hundred people.
Some chapters hold training classes for kayak rolling, canoeing or even raft guide training.
Some chapters host annual cutlural shows with Indian music and dance performance.
Some chapters keep a quilt library, fabric bank, and speaker files.
Some chapters leave it up to the students.
Some chapters make fundraising to support the sponsorship an initial chapter project.
Some chapters meander.
Some chapters meet at lunch time and others at dinner.
Some chapters meet on a regular basis around their region and hold regional training conferences.
Some chapters name it after their chapter, a chapter founder or mentor or other creative names.
Some chapters offer a text book, The Guide To Starting a Business .
Some chapters offer additional services at the local level.
Some chapters offer exam preparation assistance.
Some chapters offer sibling support groups.
Some chapters opt for quarterly meetings.
Some chapters present several different proofs of one theorem.
Some chapters provide a list of resources in the area.
Some chapters provide additional assembly-language information.
Some chapters provide additional services.
Some chapters provide descriptions.
Some chapters provide examples.
Some chapters provide guidelines.
Some chapters provide insight.
Some chapters provide lists.
Some chapters provide quick references.
Some chapters provide references.
Some chapters provide tables of studies giving citation, design, sample, findings, etc.
Some chapters publish quarterly, others bi-monthly, still others monthly.
Some chapters read like fairy tales.
Some chapters remain a bit rough.
Some chapters require a monthly certification of attendance to release payments.
Some chapters require two signatures on each check written.
Some chapters schedule monthly meetings.
Some chapters sponsor radio programs with live performances.
Some chapters sponsor scholarships and support student recruitment in their areas.
Some chapters still struggle with membership numbers, behavior, and grades.
Some chapters support groups, newsletters and asthma camps.
Some chapters take longer than others to download.
Some chapters tell tales of a time when slithering, worm-like creatures ruled.
Some chapters travel up to NINE hours to participate.
Some chapters turn the Shelter over to the mothers for a weekend.
Some chapters use e-mail to publish their newsletters electronically.
Some chapters use their newsletters as a source of revenue.
Some chapters work better than others.
CHAR defines value objects which represent characters.
CHAR is a character string containing the returned shift character.
CHAR is a copyrighted program.
Char is carbon
Char is carbon.
Char is salmonids.
CHAR is terminal representing character that are greater or equal to space character.
Char lights up the screen with every word delivered.
CHAR Moves the cursor forward or backward one character depending on the current direction.
CHAR pads strings to fill the space specified by size .
CHAR Wait until the specified character arrives.
A characin is a bony fish
Characins are small fishes, often colourful, and they include tetras and piranhas .
A character actor is an actor
Character actors are the backbone of the acting industry.
Some character actors appear in episodes.
Character actresses appear in films.
Most character actresses appear in films.
Character advancement involves experience points gained from combat and from completing quests.
Character advancement is level-based.
Character advancement is pretty typical.
Character advancement is rooted in a level-based system that places particular emphasis on guilds.
Character analysis is one of the most important elements of the rehearsal process.
Character analysis suggests that they arose from another dog-type critter.
Character animation is also available.
Character animation is also incredibly natural.
Character animation is also top-notch.
Character animation is continuous, without animation hick-ups.
Character animation is great.
Character animation is mesh deformation.
Character animation is passable but wins no awards whatsoever.
Character animation is pretty good for the most part and fairly impressive.
Character animation is really smooth, and the graphics are overall just excellent.
Character animation is smooth.
Character animation is superb.
Character animation is the foundation of good animation.
Character animation is the movement of multiple, hierarchical, articulating joints.
Character animation is very time consuming.
Character animation means constantly jumping back and forth between modeling and animating.
Character animation ranges from excellent to awkward, with players that run in stiff, jerky motions.
Character animation skills an advantage.
Character animations are another very strong positive.
Character animations are equally important.
Character animations are flawlessly smooth and suitably impressive.
Character animations are for the most part, fantastic.
Character animations are much smoother.
Character animations are small, but well done.
All character animation is great, all of their movements fluid and realistic.
Every character arc is put on hold until the dust settles.
Character armor keeps people from feeling own fluid existence and their community.
A character assassination is a message
Character assassination is an act of murder.
Character assassination is colorful and deadly.
Character assassination is common.
Character assassination is just one line of attack.
Character assassination is present here.
Character assassination is the first stage of most trials and is the part most fully reported.
Character assassination is the tool of preference of the despot and the desperate alike.
Character assassination seems to be their favorite tool.
Character assassinations are defamation.
Character building can be a major focus.
Character building comes with being able to handle winning and losing in the heat of competition.
Character building is a lot like physical exercise, or any form of learning.
Character building is accentuated.
Character building is our goal and stellar achievement in higher education is our legacy.
Character building is primary.
Character building requires hard work, perseverance and a desire to grow.
Character building rhymes with basic skills activities.
Character class allows an object to play behaviors and to be rotated in all directions at runtime.
Character classes are really useful for matching complex patterns.
Character classes are subsets of the Unicode set.
Character Classes Take a look at the character classes summary , which gives all of the basics.
Character creation consists of several steps, but none is difficult.
Character creation employs an interesting and unique method.
Character creation is a breeze.
Character creation is available to all English faculty, and to students by faculty request.
Character creation is based on a rolling system.
Character creation is deceptively complex.
Character creation is fairly simple, and yet has a certain charm.
Character creation is fast, simple, and fun.
Character creation is flexible and actually quite amusing.
Character creation is fun, with a wide variety of character types, bodies, and heads.
Character creation is halfway through the book, after the setting, task rules, and combat system.
Character creation is one of the commonalties.
Character creation is point-based, and requires a bit of time.
Character creation is quite detailed.
Character creation is quite similar to that seen in the Fallout titles.
Character creation is quite simple and looks a lot easier than it is in the pen and paper game.
Character creation is where things are really beginning to shine.
Character creation requires dice-rolling, accounting for level, and allocating points.
Character creation uses a point-based system.
Character dance is based on traditional folk dance forms which have been stylized for the stage.
Character design is an important element of any fighter.
Character design is faciltated with inspirational art on trading cards.
Character design is pretty good, with the typical array of fighters, ninjas, and women.
Character design is quick and easy, but very flexible.
Character design is some of the most interesting to come along in a while.
Character designs are cute, and interesting, though somewhat stock.
Character designs are fitting and well done.
Character designs are good to go.
Character designs are interesting, and fit the dark yet stylish world of Paradigm City.
Character designs are nice, especially for the women, who are invariably pretty.
Character designers are under almost direct control by the producers and directors of the project.
Character development begins in early childhood.
Character development can go jump into a river.
Character development goes pretty slowly, which adds to the meaningfulness of each level gain.
Character development is a combination of hereditary and environmental influences.
Character development is a final outcomes of learning.
Character development is a fundamental force in why children turn out the way they do.
Character development is a large part of that foundation.
Character development is a lifelong process, with roots firmly planted in childhood.
Character development is a little different than the first game.
Character development is a major strength of both productions.
Character development is also a very important part of our philosophy.
Character development is an integral part of learning.
Character development is at a high level.
Character development is based on experience.
Character development is better than cheap gags.
Character development is completely skill-based.
Character development is concise and certain.
Character development is deep and the plot takes many twists and turns.
Character development is done by experience.
Character development is essential in both fiction and non-fiction writing.
Character development is essential.
Character development is extremely weak but intentionally so.
Character development is fairly straightforward, but does allow for some customization.
Character development is fairly trivial.
Character development is flawless here.
Character development is included in advisories.
Character development is included in all activities.
Character development is level-based and experience based.
Character development is minimal, though the characters do have some interesting personalities.
Character development is our desired outcome.
Character development is pretty much non-existent.
Character development is routine and the narrative often strays onto odd tangents.
Character development is sketchy at best, with no real growth apparent in anyone.
Character development is solid.
Character development is stat, skill, level, age, and usage based.
Character development is strong.
Character development is sufficient.
Character development is the best manifestation of our maturity.
Character development is the final product.
Character development is the primary directive in African philosophy and religion.
Character development is the primary objective.
Character development is uneven.
Character development is vital for young children.
Character development is wonderful.
Character development starts with the family, of course, but schools and communities can help.
Character development suffers.
Character developments are complex.
Character devices differ from block devices in that they are read sequentially rather than randomly.
Character displacement promotes cooperation in bacterial biofilms.
Character education aims to incorporate lessons on character and morality in the classroom.
Character education begins at home.
Character education builds student self-esteem, which is a building block of motivation.
Character education can build responsible values in students.
Character education can only go so far.
Character education comes to the Steel City.
Character education directs student and staff interactions and behaviors.
Character education enables students to come face to face with the realities of life.
Character education focuses on high expectations for all students.
Character education fosters a sense of team within a diverse community.
Character education fosters good citizens.
Character education helps our children grow into better citizens.
Character education includes teaching character traits such as courtesy, respect and citizenship.
Character education includes the systematic teaching of virtues in schools.
Character education involves everyone.
Character education is a deliberate attempt to cultivate virtue.
Character education is a focal point of all instructional and personal decisions.
Character education is a growing field that deserves our attention .
Character education is a high priority for all.
Character education is a part of any child's education both at school and at home.
Character education is a strong component for ensuring respect and safety within schools.
Character education is a vital part of a student's education.
Character education is a vital part of the school curriculum.
Character education is about teaching values to students.
Character education is all the rage in American schools.
Character education is also a part of our daily routine.
Character education is always a parent's job.
Character education is an essential element of our teaching.
Character education is an important aspect of education.
Character education is an integral part of a child's education.
Character education is as old as education itself.
Character education is emphasized in all schools.
Character education is essential to building better schools in South Carolina.
Character education is essential to our future.
Character education is everyones' responsibility.
Character education is important to both individual students and to society.
Character education is intended to reinforce what parents teach.
Character education is intentional.
Character education is most effective when it is relevant to and engages the learner s environment.
Character education is one approach to accomplish that objective.
Character education is part of the core curriculum.
Character education is the deliberate effort by schools to develop and promote virtue.
Character education is woven throughout the selections.
Character education looks like young people learning, growing, and becoming.
Character education plays a big role in all Lawrence Township schools.
Character education prepares students to make good life choices.
Character education promotes core ethical values as the basis of good character.
Character education provides a much more realistic approach to moral formation.
Character education requires moral leadership from both staff and students.
Character education starts here.
Character education supports parents to reinforce the values they teach their children at home.
Character education teaches basic values.
Character education teaches respect for others and for oneself.
Character education works because it teaches our children to view the world through a moral lens.
Character education works.
Character encoding refers specifically to the codes used to represent characters .
Character encodings are case-insensitive.
Character entities are case sensitive.
Character flaws have a way of showing themselves, however subtly.
Character generation can take hours, and actual playtime can be minimal.
Character generation is open.
Character generation is quick and complete, and beginning adventures are included.
Character generation is quick and complete.
Character generation works off a priority point-spread system.
Character graphics can also be proportionately re-sized to fit individual projects.
All character graphics are PICTs.
Character level appears to be more popular in modern text.
Character lines mar otherwise smoothly bulging sides - distracting.
Character map is a utility for selecting typographical characters.
Character maps show the relationships among the play's characters.
Character parts are mature adults who are less obviously attractive than romantic leads.
Character properties are generally a good investment.
Character races range from humans to elves, to tigers, leopards, cheetahs, lions, and wolves.
Character recognition is another example, which has linear scaling symmetry.
Character recognition is the most efficient format with a high degree of accuracy.
Character recognition works almost as well on binary images.
A character reference is a recommendation
Character references are numeric and can be used without any special declaration.
Character references differ from other entity references in a subtle but significant way.
A character set is a list
Character sets are agreements on meanings assigned to patterns that computers can process.
Character sets are good and quality is excellent.
Character sets are lists.
Character sets are remarkably arbitrary.
Character sets used for computers are platform specific.
Most character sets use one byte per character.
Character sketches are hard work - they are labor in every sense of the word.
Character String Go to the previous , next section.
Character string is an finite, ordered, and possibly empty set of characters .
Character strings get no special treatment.
Character strings have a length.
Character strings require another set of specification.
Character strings String values are finite sequences of characters.
Character theory is an extremely powerful tool for studying finite groups.
Character traits are fundamental to the performance of mitzvahs and to Torah principles.
All character traits are life-like and realistic.
Character values are assigned intact, so no information is lost.
Character values are stored intact, so no information is lost.
Character values are usually Bytes.
A character is imagination
Character abounds here with tongue and groove wood walls, hardwood floors and a stone fireplace.
Character acting in games can make the difference between a good and great game.
Character affects our decisions, words, attitudes, goals, relationships and actions.
Character affects our decisions, words, attitudes, goals, relationships, and actions.
Character arrays are typically text strings.
Character based on-line screens are the primary method of system interaction.
Character based theming is popular with children of all ages.
Character be at none ford saleen mustang.
Character becomes destiny.
Character begins at home.
Character begins to shine through.
Character begins with honesty and being honest with one's self.
Character behave before an castle before dream cleveland golf hats.
Character breeds faith.
Character brings order to life.
Character builds a business, a good business.
Character builds slowly, but it can be torn down with incredible swiftness.
Character buy across little Switzerland for meant kathleen turner.
Character calls forth character.
Character Can afford to be into organic, single issue.
Character can attack, use items or spells, and perform special moves each turn.
Character can be good or bad.
Character can be many things.
Character can be out of control, actor has to be in control.
Character can be out of control, but never the actor .
Character can change class during game, settable by designer without reprogramming.
Character can change size, shape and characteristics, such as jump, run, etc. during gameplay.
Character can change various job.
Character can continue to develop and mature.
Character can use a complimentary skill to lower the target number of the task.
Character comes first, then scholarship.
Character comes from forming habits.
Character comes from material and craftsmanship.
Character comes from the faith, through the home and the church.
Character comes from training.
Character commands respect and trust of all as nothing in the world does.
Character communicates itself.
Character continues to count.
Character contributes to beauty.
Character counts .
Character counts here, as elsewhere.
Character counts in business and in public life.
Character counts in life and it counts in our schools as well.
Character counts in life, and it counts in our schools as well.
Character counts in other professions besides politics.
Character Counts Many resources here to help kids think about, and work on building character.
Character Counts Values and ethics are the guideposts for strong ethical leadership.
Character counts when it comes to individuals.
Character creates individuality.
Character creates respect for oneself and respect for others.
Character deals with the owners' credibility and credit worthiness.
Character defines important qualities like honesty, friendship, respect, and positive self-concept.
Character depends upon the practice of the virtues, moral and intellectual.
Character depends upon the premise or baseline of where one started from the truth.
Character derails more leaders than intelligence and knowhow.
Character determines and governs behavior.
Character determines the Godliness of our response to our environment.
Character develops itself in the stream of life.
Character develops over time.
Character develops with time.
Character directs one's actions.
Character does count.
Character does indeed count, and as a result, New Mexico counts for our military.
Character does make a difference.
Character driven humor is one of the essentials of good writing.
Character expect by either meal after bought telecom.
Character extends  java.lang.
Character grows in stature and fibre through useful contact with people and events.
Character grows like rings on a tree, slowly and deliberately.
Character has always to be built up at the top first.
Character has character.
Character has no substitute.
Character has physical impediment that requires wearing head gear or a neck brace.
Character has self.
Character has the second place in importance.
Character has to be a part of it.
Character has to be articulate .
Character has to be consistent with function.
Character has to be proven and then rewarded.
Character has to come first.
Character has to do with consistency, truth-telling, fidelity to principle, and courage.
Character has to have an inner life.
Character has to stumble into scene.
Character implies that moral virtue strengthens a sense of self.
Character implies that the moral order is the bridge between self and society.
Character includes such things as honesty, humility, faith, confidence, teachability, selflessness.
Character influences all human action.
Character injures crotch.
Character interactions The verbal sparring that occurs during the game is lots of fun.
Character IS a big deal.
Character is a combination of a person s desires and thoughts.
Character is a constant.
Character is a diamond that scratches every other stone.
Character is a force of habits.
Character is a habit.
Character is a hard thing to find in a five-minute interview.
Character is a major issue.
Character is a man's guardian divinity.
Character is a moral structure that has integrity when it is at one with itself.
Character is a person's ethics or morals.
Character is a person's moral strength.
Character is a positive thing.
Character is a question.
Character is a religious product.
Character is a vital part of officership.
Character is a way of growing.
Character is about doing good.
Character is about honesty, integrity and persistence.
Character is action.
Character is added to each hat with the bands.
Character is all encompassing, the sum total of our requirements is contained in that one word.
Character is almost everything.
Character is also destiny.
Character is an artful, fascinating melodrama in the classic mold.
Character is an essential element of a charge, claim, or defense.
Character is an essential part of the best fiction.
Character is an essential tendency.
Character is an old-fashioned word.
Character is another.
Character is appropriate.
Character is as important, and even more so than academics, salaries, sports and personalities.
Character is as powerful as DNA in the shaping of destiny.
Character is at the core of competency.
Character is at the root of all human behavior.
Character is based on love, patience, courage, forbearance, steadfastness and compassion.
Character is based on the observer's understanding of the brand's values.
Character is better than intellect.
Character is beyond reputation.
Character is Built . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Character is built on a foundation of moral values.
Character is built on the foundation of solid values.
Character is built out of circumstances.
Character is built through sufferings and perseverance.
Character is built upon the rubble of dreams.
Character is built.
Character is by far the most important characteristic in selecting a mentor.
Character is capital.
Character is caught at least as much as it is taught.
Character is certainly no worse.
Character is character.
Character is composed of genetic predisposition as well as environmental influences.
Character is comprised of six core ethical values.
Character is constant action, daily striving to make the right choice.
Character is contingent accent.
Character is crap.
Character is crucial.
Character is defined as the combination of qualities which distinguish one individual from another.
Character is definitely the issue for the Christian leader.
Character is delicate, with strawberries, flowers, and pepper frequently appearing.
Character is described as integrity, positive behavior, cooperation, and ethics.
Character is described both in terms of canon, and by applicant's interpretation.
Character is destiny.
Character IS destiny.
Character is determined by the way an individual does things.
Character is developed by decisions made as principles are presented.
Character is developed by training and discipline.
Character is developed in the school of affliction and the furnace of the fires of hardship.
Character is developed through examples and practice.
Character is developed through experiences of trial and suffering.
Character is developed through faithful obedience in the cause of the gospel.
Character is developed through suffering.
Character is disposition, temperament pre-disposition.
Character is easier kept than recovered.
Character is especially important.
Character is essential to developing a sense of eternal peace-individually and collectively.
Character is essential to theatre.
Character is essentially the most accurate predictor of a person's future actions.
Character is essentially unchangeable.
Character is ethics in action.
Character is everything.
Character is evidenced in the deportment and stature of the statesman.
Character is exclusive, our behavior.
Character is explored through both scene and monologue work.
Character is fate, it says.
Character Is fate.
Character is fixed, and no one really changes.
Character is forged through tough times and persevereance.
Character is formed by defeat.
Character is formed from the repeated choice of thoughts and action.
Character is formed through practice every day.
Character is foundational and no one can escape it.
Character is governed by law.
Character is greater than genius.
Character is habit.
Character is harder to define, but sometimes it's easy to detect.
Character is higher than intellect.
Character is homemade.
Character is illustrated in real-life settings.
Character is important in male stars.
Character is important to elves.
Character is important to ensure that the borrower is legitimate and has a good credit rating.
Character is important, along with integrity and decorum.
Character is important, and now it can be fun too.
Character is important.
Character is in the curriculum.
Character is in trouble.
Character is inclusive of scholarly activities.
Character is indispensable to leadership.
Character is inherited features that very among species.
Character is inherited features the very among species.
Character is integrity.
Character is internal.
Character is key.
Character is learned behavior.
Character is learned through example and practice.
Character is like a river.
Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow.
Character is like stock in trade.
Character is like the foundation of a house . . .
Character is made by dint of mettle.
Character is man s only real possession.
Character is measured in the return.
Character is misunderstood.
Character is molded by circumstances and circumstances are the nitty-gritty of history.
Character is molded by practice.
Character is molded through practice.
Character is more important than achievement.
Character is more important than gifts.
Character is more important than intelligence.
Character is more important than outward appearance.
Character is more than basic honesty.
Character is more valuable to nature than wealth.
Character is much easier kept than recovered.
Character is nothing in politics, but timing is everything.
Character is notoriously difficult to gauge online.
Character is now everything in political life.
Character is out of control.
Character is paramount.
Character is personal and unimputable.
Character is personal.
Character is plot, plot is character.
Character is power and influence.
Character is power, and character is the result of steadfastly adhering to values.
Character is power.
Character is Power.
Character is primary, personality is secondary.
Character is refined.
Character is relational.
Character is relevant only insofar as it translates into identifiable misbehavior.
Character is revealed in every action.
Character is revealed in work well done.
Character is revealed primarily by what a character does.
Character is shown in actions, but character is the motives behind the actions.
Character is shown to be one such factor.
Character is simply a habit long continued.
Character is so important in a good leader as well as high integrity value systems.
Character is spice in the interactive dish, it enriches the main course.
Character is still very important to have in the lockerroom but speed plays a bigger part.
Character is strengthened and ennobled by difficulties.
Character is style.
Character is subtle.
Character is superior to circumstance.
Character is synonymous with existence and access to money.
Character is that which can do without success.
Character is that which reveals moral purpose, exposing the class of things a man chooses or avoids.
Character is that which reveals moral purpose, showing what kind of things a man chooses or avoids.
Character is the ability to think.
Character is the active and continuous use of principles.
Character is the answer, use of form architecture.
Character is the basis of all trust and dependability.
Character is the bedrock of true greatness.
Character is the breath of truth.
Character is the cornerstone of American civil and corporate citizenship.
Character is the cornerstone of leadership.
Character is the degree of opportunism.
Character is the difference, and it always has been.
Character is the disposition of a person, made up of beliefs, values, skills, and traits.
Character is the essence of the individual and also of the organization.
Character is the essence of the individual and transcends politics.
Character is the ethical issue to be addressed in the paper.
Character is the final judge.
Character is the first criteria for success at New Hope and weighs heavily in admitting students.
Character is the force within each individual which distinguishes that person from others.
Character is the foundation of a civil society.
Character is the foundation of our culture.
Character is the great harvest of life.
Character is the greatest wealth.
Character is the hallmark of man.
Character is the inward motivation to do what is right, whatever the cost.
Character IS the issue.
Character is the key to our everyday life that deals with feelings and emotions.
Character is the life breath of truth.
Character is the map to finding the story.
Character is the most important qualification the president of the United States can have.
Character is the most important thing in music.
Character is the most precious gift of education.
Character is the most significant factor.
Character is the only real test.
Character is the only requirement for the job.
Character is the only secure foundation of the state.
Character is the product of striving to make the right choice.
Character is the product of the leisure hours.
Character is the quality that distinguishes a person from others.
Character is the root of the tree, conduct, the fruit it bears.
Character is the rudder that steers our boat.
Character is the single most important ingredient of leadership.
Character is the strength of a nation.
Character is the stuff of the soul.
Character is the sum of deep-rooted traits like honesty, reliability, and integrity.
Character is the sum total of a person's beliefs, values, worldview, and commitments.
Character is the sum total of all our everyday choices.
Character is the thing, they say.
Character is the true criterion of humanity.
Character is to our spiritual body what muscles are to physical bodies.
Character is too important a story element to let go at combining disparate elements.
Character is tough to replace.
Character is used in the assessment for candidates for promotion.
Character is very important.
Character is very serious.
Character is victory.
Character is vital and involves perseverance, vision, ambition, and self-confidence.
Character is what a person is in the dark.
Character is what a person is, while reputation is what others believe that person to be.
Character is what counts, and the rest is wrapping paper.
Character is what is supported by the mind and feelings.
Character is what makes a man.
Character is what matters on a paper.
Character is what men acquire by bearing up nobly under difficulty.
Character is what one does when no one is looking.
Character is what one really is.
Character is, at one and the same time, the most important and intangible things about a person.
Character is, perhaps, the second.
Character is. .
Character isa imagination.
Character lacks a static toString method.
Character leads to policy.
Character leaves scene in hurry to use bathroom.
Character leverages the competencies and protects the legacy of the leader.
Character makes a difference.
Character makes a strong and peaceful community.
Character makes an enormous difference.
Character matters more than rank.
Character matters most.
Character means doing the right thing when no one is watching.
Character means doing the right thing when nobody is looking.
Character means doing the right thing when nobody s watching.
Character means doing the right thing when nobody's watching.
Character means experience by testing - as being approved or proven.
Character means for the erect and prostrate groups.
Character means more.
Character means nothing anymore.
Character means proper perspective.
Character notes Notes on the interpretation of characters.
Character now has evil tendancies.
Character nurtures the building blocks of individuality.
Character only goes so far.
Character only makes headlines if it is flawed.
Character permeates the preponderance of subjects.
Character produces hope.
Character provides a lasting impression.
Character provides the framework within which the intellect functions.
Character reaches deeper than gender.
Character Read the story.
Character really does count in Mount Prospect.
Character really is of utmost importance in politics.
Character receive Body aboard no men near a profit.
Character refers to a deeper layer of organization in the Substance .
Character refers to motives, intentions, attitudes and dispositions.
Character refers to one's virtue or how one lives by a set of moral values.
Character refers to the personality and integrity of the individual.
Character reflects our true inner self.
Character says nothing.
Character says things off the wall.
Character sequences that reprogram specific keys on the keyboard.
Character sets Character sets are the key to viewing Web sites in multiple languages.
Character sets Character sets ptelnet now supports multiple character sets.
Character shapes leadership and leadership shapes character.
Character shines through.
Character shines with greater brilliance than does the diamond.
Character shows a person s willingness to repay a debt.
Character sketch due.
Character Sketches for solo piano.
Character Sketches on the new characters in the story.
Character spacing algorithms are user agent-dependent.
Character stays happy, since user's feeling has positive valence.
Character suffers .
Character takes care of itself.
Character takes time, but it is well worth it.
Character tends to matter more when times are generally good, with a strong economy and no war.
Character understands that limit is a choice.
Characters ache deeply and articulate at length.
Characters act in order of skill level each turn, with more skilled characters getting more actions.
Characters act like animals, and two even have nicknames that suggest the wild.
Characters actually have clear relationships and motivations, and speak with a voice all their own.
Characters advance by gaining experience ad attaining levels.
Characters advance in level very rapidly.
Characters advance through the accumulation of experience points awarded for game participation.
Characters age and accumulate hindsight only to the extent that the author has put it there.
Characters also appear, disappear and reappear in the most nonsensical of ways.
Characters also are subordinated to message.
Characters also discuss the nature of fact.
Characters also drink and talk about being high on marijuana.
Characters also drink heavily and smoke cigarettes.
Characters also drink, smoke, and pop Valium like candy to settle their nerves.
Characters also flow from other books.
Characters also get a jolt of loudmothed American humor.
Characters also have weekly expenses.
Characters also play a big role when it comes to special attacks.
Characters also say things while doing tricks.
Characters also seem to get stuck in areas where there aren t obstacles.
Characters also smoke and drink.
Characters appear and disappear almost as quickly as the scene shifts.
Characters appear and disappear here, just as in the later anthology film.
Characters appear and disappear within a page or two.
Characters appear and disappear.
Characters appear and then vanish down mysterious escalators only to reappear on a phantom train.
Characters appear as drug-induced hallucinations romping across the stage.
Characters appear as hallucinations romping through the stage during drug induced highs.
Characters appear just so that they can serve as the next victim.
Characters appear on the play field attached to open umbrellas that float down.
Characters appear on the screen as the user speaks into a microphone.
Characters appear on the screen, but are garbled.
Characters appear out of nowhere and disappear.
Characters appear real and respond to conflict realistically.
Characters appear twice on screen.
Characters appear young, then old, then young again.
Characters appear, drop from sight, then pop up again in odd flashbacks.
Characters are a kind of graphic language , much different from English .
Characters are a kind of graphic language, much different from English.
Characters are a plenty, too.
Characters are able to dual wield, giving an extra attack per round.
Characters are adjustable horizontally and vertically on-screen with digital brightness control.
Characters are adults.
Characters are advanced according to their natural advance height.
Characters are advanced according to their natural advance width.
Characters are all in powdered wigs and judicial robes, except publisher and cop.
Characters are all very good.
Characters are almost fully customizeable.
Characters are also a combination of the conventional and the unique.
Characters are also strong and intense.
Characters are also well constructed.
Characters are alumni of a fictitious school for deaf students.
Characters are always friendly and lovable.
Characters are another part of games.
Characters are as likely to be seen in a prison more often than in a bar.
Characters are at times divided into opposing camps.
Characters are at times divived into opposing camps.
Characters are attributes.
Characters are believable and have actual real-life experiences and problems.
Characters are believable and real.
Characters are belivable.
Characters are block letters and numbers.
Characters are capable of speaking up to six languages.
Characters are case sensitive .
Characters are coauthors.
Characters are complex.
Characters are composites of people or just absorb a detail or two.
Characters are cool.
Characters are created using a point-based system.
Characters are critical to the story.
Characters are cro magnons.
Characters are customizable with skins.
Characters are cuter, and there is a lot more romance in the series.
Characters are definitely easier to draw.
Characters are described features that are hypothesized as homologous.
Characters are details of appearance of behaviour,ie.
Characters ARE different because different ones start off with different weapons.
Characters are distinct from integers in Common Lisp.
Characters are diverse.
Characters are due to responses, and have to be made anew at every generation.
Characters are either divorced and miserable, or married and miserable.
Characters are elements of language, such as letters, numbers, and punctuation marks.
Characters are encodedinto both bars and spaces.
Characters are equally well-handled.
Characters are everything.
Characters are fairly interesting as well.
Characters are fictional.
Characters are figureheads, ideologues who never change in any fundamental way.
Characters are fluid and great, without exception, and even backgrounds are awe-inspiring.
Characters are for the most part multidimensional, and are gifted with fantastic voices.
Characters are fragments.
Characters are friendly and sincere.
Characters are fully customizeable.
Characters are fun.
Characters are generally robotic.
Characters are giant dolphins who fight evil and save lives.
Characters are good or evil, lawful or chaotic.
Characters are impersonal-called by generic name.
Characters are important in personal memory stories.
Characters are impossibly broad, making their actions arbitrary or uninteresting.
Characters are in a frenzy, chasing after money or sex.
Characters are in italicized boldface.
Characters are in the story.
Characters are incredibly well modeled and fluidly animated.
Characters are innovative, believable and well thought out.
Characters are intelligent, strong, sensitive and honorable.
Characters are interesting and appealing because of writing and acting.
Characters are interesting.
Characters are large and consist of a pretty high polygon count with detailed and colorful textures.
Characters are large and detailed, and the frame rate is smooth and constant.
Characters are lead through the game differently with each having there own ending.
Characters are less detailed but are still well done.
Characters are letters in words, spaces, commas, punctuation and carriage returns.
Characters are letters or spaces.
Characters are letters, numbers, or symbols that are on a computer keyboard.
Characters are letters, symbols, etc.
Characters are located in novels.
Characters are mainly well drawn considering the stock melodramatic roles they fill.
Characters are married five or more times.
Characters are more likely to be types than individuals.
Characters are more realized than in any of our previous games.
Characters are naturally the focus of any good roleplaying campaign, whatever the genre.
Characters are nicely detailed and quite large, but come off a bit on the blocky side.
Characters are no longer lone individuals battling a unknown superior horror.
Characters are normally light on a dark background, but can also be dark on light.
Characters are now in place for all effects.
Characters are now invulnerable to all attacks for a minute after they die.
Characters are offbeat, all unusual in some way.
Characters are often stereotypical.
Characters are often the key element in any adaptation.
Characters are one matter, but they're only a start.
Characters are one of the most compelling elements of the film.
Characters are one-dimensional.
Characters are only the alphabets.
Characters are output through the putc subroutine.
Characters are paper thin and villains make no sense.
Characters are paper thin.
Characters are part of personality.
Characters are part of words.
Characters are passionate people who live unique lives.
Characters are printed in a special font.
Characters are recommendations.
Characters are selfishly attuned to their own desires.
Characters are sketches, all action.
Characters are smooth, without jagged edges.
Characters are so real, it's amazing.
Characters are soldiers trying to accomplish missions and follow orders in the face of the enemy.
Characters are somewhat developed.
Characters are spoofs of modern-day, infamous celebrities.
Characters are swift and rugged, but no one ever knows why everyone hates each other so much.
Characters are the absolute hardest items on the playing board to predict.
Characters are the equivalent to letters in English.
Characters are the feeling of story.
Characters are the life blood of any story.
Characters are the lock to all action.
Characters are the most important element to any story.
Characters are the muscle and blood of any story.
Characters are the people who are involved in the action of the narrative.
Characters are the same.
Characters are the sources of action in the story.
Characters are to come forward just prior to each reading.
Characters are too bland, though.
Characters are too good to be true or so bad that they are laughable.
Characters are too hard to differentiate.
Characters are traits.
Characters are understandably motivated, action is swift, and emotions run both high and true.
Characters are usually less developed than is a tragedy.
Characters are usually proportional width.
Characters are usually stock types.
Characters are very animated including natural moving mounts.
Characters are very important in a game to involve and absorb the player into the universe.
Characters are very much like human beings.
Characters are very well animated and the battle arenas are very spectacular.
Characters are well defined and larger than life.
Characters are well defined from the grimaces to the smiles.
Characters are well developed and the story touches on racism and social conscience.
Characters are well developed and, something rare in a console RPG, pretty darn funny.
Characters are well developed, and go on in life after the book ends as well.
Characters are well drawn and action is nail-biting.
Characters are well drawn and multidementional.
Characters are well drawn, lives are neatly sketched.
Characters are well-etched and conversations realistic.
Characters are what books are all about.
Characters are what show up on the screen, but bytes are what the computer works with.
Characters are woven into and out of stories like threads in a tapestry.
Characters are wrought from legend or from thin air.
Characters are, overall, an odious self-centered bunch highly difficult to like.
Characters arise out of dark corners, and then return, as if they live there.
Characters be themselves, and a story emerges.
Characters become a device for exploration.
Characters become alive and start moving across the screen, as soon as they are selected.
Characters become alive and vital and infuse spiritual theme with a rare sort of beauty.
Characters become co-creations of two people.
Characters become credible through effective dialogue.
Characters become flesh and blood that way.
Characters begin at quite competent power levels, and progress is rapid.
Characters begin doing things just to get into more and more embarrassing situations.
Characters begin their turns with an empty RAP gauge.
Characters begin with one weapon skill, dodge and three other skills - active or passive.
Characters being used, interacting, well it's just a lot more fun than it's been in ages.
Characters blink, look around and change expressions with surprising grace.
Characters build their own personal mythologies, both about themselves and each other.
Characters build their skills by capturing enemy bases in both vehicle-based and infantry combat.
Characters can actually bleed and animals can be killed.
Characters can also trigger actions such as bringing a window to front, or running an application.
Characters can at times also use audience focus, addressing comments directly to the audience.
Characters can bargain for information as well as merchandise.
Characters can be at the heart of any message.
Characters can be blah, ordinary, interesting, intriguing, or truly memorable.
Characters can be complicated.
Characters can be cruel, jealous, loving, spiteful, self-sacrificing, or vengeful.
Characters can be human, creatures, monsters or anything else.
Characters can be inside the various openings with clues or coded messages.
Characters can be merchant princes, diplomats, soldiers, politicians, criminals . .
Characters can be mixed case.
Characters can be MORE passionate about their feelings.
Characters can be people or animals.
Characters can be place names, rock types or soil description.
Characters can be upper or lower case.
Characters can change from good to evil, or evil to good.
Characters can change roles during the game if they meet the alignment and attribute requirements.
Characters can combine to form ligatures.
Characters can create civilisations and participate in many quests.
Characters can defend themselves from attacks automatically.
Characters can either be in plain or bold font.
Characters can even die in anime.
Characters can experience internal and external conflicts.
Characters can have a fixed or varying length.
Characters can have infinite variations.
Characters can have names.
Characters can have seven different colors.
Characters can have two of more states.
Characters can hear, see and have feelings just like anyone else.
Characters can hide behind drops.
Characters can introduce, guide, entertain, or otherwise enhance Web pages.
Characters can match any part of the dealer's data field.
Characters can move, make noise, change appearance, and do things to other characters.
Characters can no longer die via poisoning when invulnerable.
Characters can only jump a very short distance.
Characters can respond using synthesized speech, recorded audio, or text in a cartoon word balloon.
Characters can reveal their past via dialogue or snippets of internal monologue.
Characters can serve to introduce readers to the writer's world.
Characters can spin around and change into any set of clothes appropriate to the situation.
Characters can swing off poles, columns, and pillars to move into the offensive.
Characters can talk about anything, past or future, inner turmoil or outer conflict.
Characters can use the phone to communicate with people on Earth if they figure out how to work it.
Characters can vary in length, resulting in an output of two coded shapes.
Characters can walk around, shake hands, kiss, whatever.
Characters can walk, sneak, or run and they can assume standing, crouched, or prone positions.
Characters cavort and carouse and explode into brawls.
Characters change or disappear, interpretations vary.
Characters change their missions almost by the minute.
Characters chase their dreams, get married, have kids, have affairs.
Characters Click on a face to find out more about that character.
Characters Click on any of the smaller images to load a larger version of that picture.
Characters Click on each character to learn about their shacky ways.
Characters combine to form tokens.
Characters come and go at a manic pace.
Characters come and go in a historical situation that continues to progress.
Characters come and go in episodic nature, and the actors fluidly switch characters.
Characters come and go throughout the film, popping in and out as stage devices.
Characters come and go with little if any explanation.
Characters come and go, and sub plots come and go.
Characters come and go, but somehow the anger remains.
Characters come and go, never to be heard from again.
Characters come and go.
Characters come from a specified device context's current font.
Characters come to life with innovative facial animations and full audio dialogue.
Characters come, move about and make their final exits through long-familiar doors.
Characters commit murders indiscriminately and others kill accidentally.
Characters consists of any keyboard symbol, and several other symbols.
Characters continually wonder what the purpose of the war is.
Characters converse in a described setting.
Characters cope with a death.
Characters cover up identities and relationships.
Characters crave hopelessness.
Characters cross paths but have no real connection.
Characters cross paths.
Characters define the social order in which they live.
Characters deliver vacuously stupid dialogue with deadpan expression.
Characters Describe the main characters in each story.
Characters develop backgrounds, adding depth and feeling.
Characters develop by advancing in levels.
Characters develop fetishes and obsessions.
Characters develop over decades.
Characters develop, there is more detail and figurative language is used.
Characters die and there is no mention of sadness or pain.
Characters die by the dozens and no one in the story cares.
Characters die laughing.
Characters differ, circumstances differ, cultures differ.
Characters disappear for a long time and then turn up again.
Characters distinguish patterns.
Characters divulge important information.
Characters do a lot of staring, especially at each other.
Characters do anything for a laugh instead of staying in, well, character.
Characters do come out of thin air.
Characters do what they do because of who they are and what they think.
Characters dress up and drive old cars, but there is little sense of time or place.
Characters drift off into the linguistic ozone before reappearing as comprehensible.
Characters drift past one another, tending to avoid big confrontations and emotional conflicts.
Characters drink alcohol and once refer jokingly to drug use.
Characters drink alcohol, mostly wine, at meals and gatherings throughout the film.
Characters drop several different four-letter words without hesitation.
Characters emerge from an exploding room with no explanation.
Characters enjoy more head bashing and spell casting as more emphasis is put on action.
Characters enter a makeshift temple in Azerbaijan.
Characters enter and leave rooms.
Characters Erasing a character is simple.
Characters escape the same as for strings.
Characters evolve and grow, generating lives of their own.
Characters experiment in slaughtering the bats with gunfire.
Characters explore deep themes including marriage and being fathers.
Characters express beliefs.
Characters express philosophical beliefs.
Characters extend their middle fingers in a related obscene gesture nearly a dozen times.
Characters face moral dilemmas bravely.
Characters fade in and fade out.
Characters fade in and out of focus.
Characters fade in and simply fade out.
Characters fall before being hit, and actions seem stiff and calculated rather than fluid.
Characters favor one sort over another, but they're never repelled or nonplussed.
Characters feature jigsaw-like connections to assemble a string of letters such as a name.
Characters feed a classification tree to perform actual recognition.
Characters fight in rounded fashion taking turns moving and using weapons or throwing spells.
Characters find their choices in the first act seal their fates in the final one.
Characters find their choices in the first act, seal their fates in the final one.
Characters fly in spaceships.
Characters following the one-char operator are limited to the usual identifier characters.
Characters form a team of shadowrunners, essentially a small felonious business.
Characters gain combat experience points even if they turn and flee from battle.
Characters gain experience by completing quests and defeating enemies.
Characters gain experience by overcoming perils and recovering treasures.
Characters gain experience points that can be spent to develop their attributes.
Characters gain levels via experience from adventuring and fighting enemies.
Characters gain levels, power, and acquire better gear as they tackle increasingly difficult zones.
Characters gain treasure, experience, and advance in levels just like in a home campaign.
Characters gamble at a racetrack.
Characters get better the more they are played by gaining experience points.
Characters get ep for killing monsters, making impressive die rolls and good roleplaying.
Characters get killed in very ho-hum ways, the effects are nowhere, and the atmosphere is zero.
Characters get one feat at first level, one at third and then one ever three levels thereafter.
Characters get their hands on a lot of loot but usually they spend it even faster.
Characters give clues and make discoveries.
Characters give highlights that have contributed to their successes.
Characters go back to visit situations they previously lived.
Characters go on convenient errands, leaving thing unattended at just the right time.
Characters go to bed for the night.
Characters Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
Characters Go to the previous , next section.
Characters go to the wall over specified small and medium and large sums.
Characters go unnamed, as does the setting.
Characters graphically engage in sexual intercourse numerous times.
Characters grow and shrink in size, depending on their location in relation to battlefield.
Characters grow up with the reader, facing age-appropriate challenges and triumphs each year.
Characters hang out there to please the eating folk.
Characters hate to be ignored.
Characters have a certain grotesque charm.
Characters have a depth and complexity rivaling prime-time series dramas.
Characters have a fixed number of hit and spell points.
Characters have ability.
Characters have arms.
Characters have better motion and expression, and the courses feature time and seasonal effects.
Characters have capability.
Characters have dreams.
Characters have facial animation as well as moving hair.
Characters have great animation sequences, which flow brilliantly from one frame to the next.
Characters have great personality, especially the villans.
Characters have legs.
Characters have little movement.
Characters have nice personality.
Characters have normal, severe, or extreme levels of susceptibility to each vice.
Characters have plenty of fun moves.
Characters have reaction.
Characters have secret dark selves or concerns that emerge through their dreams or fantasies.
Characters have similar capability.
Characters have skills.
Characters have special moves.
Characters have states .
Characters have statistics like perception, agility, luck, strength, charisma, and endurance.
Characters have stats, levels, skills, religions, races and various class attributes.
Characters have the chances to panic, go berserk, surrender, and run away to heal.
Characters have the obligatory hit points and mana points.
Characters have their own mini-sites, as well as games, cards and contests.
Characters have their own themes.
Characters have to be distinguishable from the back rows.
Characters have to be intentional.
Characters have to cast anatomically correct shadows that project on nearby geometry.
Characters have to change .
Characters have to have function.
Characters have two types of hit points, one for physical damage and one for shock and pain damage.
Characters have vital statistics, levels, skills, and an inventory.
Characters here are even shallower than in Jurassic Park .
Characters Here is a brief description of each character and their personality.
Characters improve over time, and can learn new abilities and gain powers.
Characters include modification.
Characters inform, argue, amuse, outrage, argue through the ebb and flow of dialogue.
Characters interact with the environment on screen via player input through the mouse.
Characters invoke the word sleep as a symbol of order.
Characters jump in and out of relationships.
Characters just go off .
Characters keep travelling back and forth to Europe.
Characters lead nicely to the conflicts in the plot.
Characters leap off the pages and into our hearts. . . .
Characters learn spells from one of six elements ascribed to their weapons.
Characters Let's think about life.
Characters live and die in the time warps.
Characters look beliviable.
Characters look good too, but most are over the top renditions.
Characters look in on others' allegory-filled dreams by touching their eyes.
Characters look like action figures.
Characters look natural in their own personalities.
Characters look real.
Characters look really good.
Characters look stunning, lip synchronisation makes game feel more real.
Characters maintain a high level of detail even in a close-up.
Characters make a bigger dent.
Characters make impromptu decisions, improvise, fascinate.
Characters make love on the ceiling, jump off of rooftops.
Characters make major personality changes easily and quickly.
Characters make major personality changes slowly and, sometimes, painfully.
Characters make major personality changes suddenly and easily.
Characters make senses.
Characters make the appropriate walking sound when carrying a wounded soldier.
Characters make the setting and plot come alive.
Characters meet their ends via hanging, disemboweling and throat-slitting.
Characters mostly walk around mechanically rather than purposefully.
Characters move about in an isometric world by clicking wherever they wish to go.
Characters move and look almost lifelike, have facial expressions and are no longer two inches high.
Characters move fast, and their individual feel, how they stop and start, reload their weapons, etc.
Characters move fluidly and whilst perhaps a bit blocky are attractive enough.
Characters move in or out of frame, depending on the action within the scene.
Characters move like stick men.
Characters move smoothly with full animation.
Characters move stiffly, animations seem forced and unnatural, while objects lack chrome.
Characters move the equvialent of one meter per action point.
Characters move to and fro through the live and video worlds.
Characters move without fluidity or life.
Characters move, battle, explore and study in the Olympian world.
Characters naturally receive lighting properly from the environment.
Characters never die.
Characters now get to add one point to an ability score every fourth level.
Characters now perform different moves based on their opponent's current physical state.
Characters obtain peasants with the recruit order.
Characters occasionally smoke and drink.
Characters occupy a single byte of memory.
Characters oj lower jaw.
Characters oj proportion.
Characters oj the lower jaw.
Characters only deserve satirical treatment if they never realize how ridiculous they are.
Characters only live so long, each race having a specific life-length.
Characters perform on a rotating schedule.
Characters placed above the line of the text are here represented by italics .
Characters placed in triangle formations look better on stage and are easily seen by the audience.
Characters play an important role, because they move the plot.
Characters play key roles.
Characters play roles.
Characters play significant roles.
Characters present themselves.
Characters print more clearly than when they are typeset.
Characters printed on carbonless paper are often very faint when scanned.
Characters provide context sensitive help, tips and ideas throughout both products.
Characters purchase more spells the same way they purchase or improve powers and skill, using CPs.
Characters quip on Shakespearean dialogue.
Characters range from a cartoony boy and girl to less human-looking animals.
Characters react to stress because of motivation.
Characters read jokes aloud and make humorous hand gestures and facial expressions.
Characters read off automotive transmissions.
Characters receive a random name at birth.
Characters reign over all other elements in story.
Characters relate to damage and pest status.
Characters remain hard to read at reduced brightness.
Characters represent aspects of human nature, e.g., sheep represents innocence.
Characters represent good and evil or beauty and ugliness.
Characters represent people from a variety of groups representing diverse viewpoints.
Characters resolve their problems and live happily ever after.
Characters reveal themselves through their dialogue.
Characters ride horses or drive trucks.
Characters risk their own safety to rescue friends.
Characters run fast.
Characters say and do things that feel real.
Characters say what they mean.
Characters scream in reaction shots rather than having their heads knocked off by the lizard's tail.
Characters seem off balance.
Characters seem real, and the reader comes away with a sense of identification with the story.
Characters seem to be able to fly.
Characters seem to be crammed with the excess and detritus of our popular culture.
Characters seem to be wiggling or vibrating.
Characters seem to fall into it.
Characters seem to go back to a primeval age of myth, previous to their biological one.
Characters seem to pop up out of nowhere and the stories are told in no particular order.
Characters seem to switch gears a lot.
Characters seem to walk in as needed and plot elements obligingly unfold.
Characters serve as a basis for comparing the taxa in the data matrix.
Characters share experience and other rewards through Fellowships.
Characters shift and move even when they're at rest.
Characters shout to make themselves heard in conversation in a loud bar.
Characters show actual damage and limitations as they are damaged.
Characters show the tephra names.
Characters show up and are never seen again.
Characters show up, flame across the screen, and then disappear.
Characters show up, then never reappear.
Characters show variation.
Characters simply base their actions on their code of honor.
Characters smoke and drink.
Characters smoke like chimneys around ancient tomes and the dialogue is suitably hard-boiled.
Characters smoke, drink.
Characters sneer sanctimoniously or screech haughtily.
Characters sound like the cartoon characters.
Characters speak clearly and with true voices for the characters.
Characters speak French, German, English and Russian.
Characters speak in different languages, making communication difficult.
Characters speak in hushed whispers or in the low tones of speaking in confidence.
Characters speak in stiff-necked academic lingo, with little nuance of personal style.
Characters spend a lot of time thinking, looking for things, and waiting, which is very refreshing.
Characters spend most of the time thinking up unique ways of describing other objects.
Characters spew obscenities like they're going out of style.
Characters sprinkle their dialogue with name tags for the other characters.
Characters stand in slight relief from base.
Characters stand with backs to audience until entering.
Characters start by looking for a single companion.
Characters start the game at level seven give or take a little.
Characters stay consistent throughout the story.
Characters still drink a lot to relieve stress and entertain.
Characters Strips the characters from an input string.
Characters suddenly appear, completely imaginary, but real as rain to the people with the disease.
Characters suffer from raw nerves and a feeling of impending doom.
Characters suffer psychological problems, career changes and failures.
Characters supercede the story.
Characters sweat and look about nervously, and water drips from every corner.
Characters take off clothes, fornicate.
Characters take on their own lives, have their own stories.
Characters take their creations and learned experience from level to level to aid in future battles.
Characters take walks.
Characters talk and move, sing and dance.
Characters talk directly to the camera and often insult competing Hollywood actors and shows.
Characters talk from within the shell of their own miseries.
Characters talk to the audience much of the time, in lengthy, repetitive arias.
Characters talk without expression.
Characters tell their life stories in non sequiturs.
Characters tend to be average and real.
Characters tend to be blocky, and most items contain simple detail, regardless.
Characters tend to be outsiders, often on the run, sometimes from failed relationships.
Characters tend to look half-baked at certain angles.
Characters tend to represent types.
Characters There are wonderful and memorable characters here.
Characters there are.
Characters think out loud.
Characters trade sexual and homosexual jokes on a couple of occasions, and discuss masturbation.
Characters trapped in or between gender-based roles are unfulfilled.
Characters travel by sledge, zeppelin, hot-air balloon and broomstick.
Characters try and buck each other up with inspirational little speeches when their confidence lags.
Characters try to conceal their real feelings, including from themselves.
Characters try to fall in love, drugs get in the way, etc.
Characters turn to face attacks from monsters who move into their zones of control.
Characters undergo development.
Characters use a character representation scheme to represent characters in binary form.
Characters use an experience point and level based system to advance.
Characters use cocaine, drink, curse, hurl ethnic slurs and sexual innuendo, fight and get shot.
Characters use laser powered weapons to defeat monsters and beasts.
Characters use pot, cigarettes and profanity.
Characters use the f-word.
Characters used in multiplayer games are persistent.
Characters uses an open form, point based character creation system.
Characters using shields are limited to one attack per turn, even if fighting bare-handed.
Characters vary from show to show.
Characters wait for certain lines of dialogue.
Characters walk around following their own agendas.
Characters walk in a relatively smooth manner.
Characters walk into dark rooms alone, and no one ever behaves rationally or logically.
Characters walk off in stylized marches.
Characters walk realistically and the movies are pretty nice but are sparse.
Characters walk the streets with no thought of being mugged or attacked.
Characters walk, run, jump, swim, dive, crawl and fly.
Characters wander around a playfield while foodstuffs cascade down from the top.
Characters wander in and out with little rhyme or reason.
Characters wander lost in moral deserts.
Characters wander randomly on and off stage.
Characters wear silly costumes, including an Arab kaffiyeh and a foot-high afro.
Characters wield guns as easily as they launch fireball spells.
Characters win a level by finding the exit portal.
Characters written in italic typewriter font indicate non-specific file or directory names.
Characters yearn to be connected, but find themselves detached and alone.
Character always have a fulfillment inside.
Characters always attack with the currently equipped weapon.
Characters frequently disguise or reinvent themselves.
Characters frequently speak in an elliptical manner, taking forever to get to the point.
Characters frequently strike tableaux-esque poses.
Characters frequently use the spiritually tinged Indian greeting namaste.
Characters often face dark forces that are conspiring to control humanity.
Characters often present.
Characters often say more than they intend, so do authors.
Characters often talk around a point while the real subject of the conversation remains unsaid.
Characters often undertake spiritual or physical quests.
Characters often wear jewelry.
Characters sometimes do things that are confusing.
Characters sometimes reject all the possibilities one offers.
Characters usually have one or two different finishing moves, and the results are often very gory.
Characters usually meet under a set schedule provided.
All character are assign phonetically to Roman letter.
All character are assign phonetically to Roman letters.
All character has equal width.
All characters appear very pixilated.
All characters are available.
All characters are 'blank characters' except for actions required in the script.
All characters are by their respective owners.
All characters are case sensitive.
All characters are copyrights of their respected owners.
All characters are copyrights of their respective owners.
All characters are dark, evil, devious, or calculated human beings.
All characters are either text or tags.
All characters are Elven.
All characters are ficitious, of course, bearing no resemblence to the living or dead.
All characters are fictional, and any resemblance to actual people is purely coincidental.
All characters are fictional.
All characters are fictitious.
All characters are human, and each account can have up to three.
All characters are lower case and there are no spaces.
All characters are lower case.
All characters are lowercase.
All characters are matched, there are no characters with special meanings like wildcard characters.
All characters are numbers or valid characters.
All characters are numeric.
All characters are plesiomorphic at some level.
All characters are property of it's respective owners.
All characters are property of their respective agencies.
All characters are property of their rightful owners.
All characters are purely fictional.
All characters are real people.
All characters are significant including spaces.
All characters are significant.
All characters are the same, swirling in a vast sea of meaningless nothingness.
All characters are the silent type, only speaking through dialogue bubbles.
All characters are their creators.
All characters are their property, as well as all references to the series.
All characters are their respective companies.
All characters are to be defined and used in an unambiguous way.
All characters are usuable with permission.
All characters are whitespace.
All characters automatically receive a knife at no cost.
All characters belong to Marvel.
All characters belong to their copyrighted owners.
All characters belong to their respective owners, yadda yadda yadda, etc, etc, etc, ad nauseum.
All characters belong to their respective owners.
All characters can both fight and cast spells, the only question is how well they can do it.
All characters can cast spells though most classes are limited in which schools they can learn.
All characters can crouch by holding down and then crouch walk by holding down toward or down away.
All characters come from somewhere.
All characters consist of straight angular lines or simple curves and circles.
All characters display as the single-byte character value.
All characters have a history and that history involves family, teachers, old friends and lovers.
All characters have access to all skills available through guild teachings.
All characters have Asian names.
All characters have custom skills, and they are unique.
All characters have equivalent weight.
All characters have extremely detailed textures, so they look great from a distance or up close.
All characters have Literacy at no cost.
All characters have neon colored hair.
All characters have strengths and weaknesses, likes and dislikes.
All characters have the same width.
All characters have their own homepages.
All characters have their own independent lives, but everyone somehow is intertwined.
All characters have three statistics.
All characters have to be possible to have everywhere.
All characters have to have appeal whether they are heroic, villainous, comic or cute.
All characters have, or can gain, abilities as fighters, ninjas, priests and wizards.
All characters know how to speak Common.
All characters learn from their experiences.
All characters look so cool and have such different skills.
All characters receive experience for both killing monsters and completing quests.
All characters recover from sunstroke at the evening meal.
All characters resume low tide positions and behavior.
All characters seem to have a hint of anime-style in their appearance.
All characters send directly to the screen.
All characters sound alike Losing track of who said what.
All characters speak from the arc, if microphones have been set up there.
All characters start out with the ability to swim and dive.
All characters used are fictional.
All characters welcome.
Any character can be part of the name, and the names can be as long as desired.
Any character can die.
Any character can fly by holding two feathers and flapping their arms.
Any character can have scruples so long as they fit in with the character's concept.
Any character can play any role efficiently.
Any character can technically achieve any alignment through their actions.
Any character can use any weapon or any spell, and improve in that skill through experience.
Any character immediately following a differentiation operator is a dependent variable.
Any character is accepted, even other languages which use different and specific fonts.
Any character is available.
Any character is permitted, including entities.
Any character is valid, including spaces, tabs, and special characters.
Any characters are acceptable.
Any characters are up for grabs.
Every character also has a rank.
Every character begins with a bar and ends with a space.
Every character begins with five character points.
Every character brings a smile or a chuckle to young and old alike.
Every character brings something to the fight to save the world s wetlands.
Every character changes.
Every character comes into the game world with a small little bulb floating above their shoulder.
Every character counts, even spaces, tabs and comments.
Every character counts, even the slashes, commas and quotes.
Every character ends up having a different strategy.
Every character fight a little different.
Every character has a back story.
Every character has a connection with some of the other characters.
Every character has a dark history and is haunted by demons.
Every character has a different fighting style.
Every character has a different view of the word home, and so does the reader.
Every character has a niche and fills it well.
Every character has a number.
Every character has a Super Move.
Every character has a unique and interesting story for the reader to follow.
Every character has a unique quality which greatly enhances the replay value.
Every character has access to spells.
Every character has both strengths and flaws.
Every character has different moves.
Every character has four elements.
Every character has goals to accomplish and they're never simple.
Every character has just about the same amount of stage time, which is nice.
Every character has many Personas, just like in life where a person can have many different faces.
Every character has rather long sections of dialogue to carry.
Every character has some typical problems that make for some pretty funny scenes.
Every character has their moment.
Every character has their own fighting style, along with unique moves and combos.
Every character has their own personalized weapons.
Every character has their own unique sound works.
Every character here has a background, every building a story to be told.
Every character interacts with almost every other character.
Every character involved in the story has their own personality and traits.
Every character is a caricature of a person, and the acting is way over the top.
Every character is a flaming stereotype.
Every character is a synthetic composition from some secret screenplay handbook.
Every character is absolutely solid, through and through.
Every character is amazing.
Every character is complex and completely believable.
Every character is composed of two digits and begins with a bar and ends with a space.
Every character is created by hand with learning in mind and full regard to both fun and safety.
Every character is crucial to the play.
Every character is detailed and rich.
Every character is different.
Every character is doomed.
Every character is drawn in a uniquely hideous way.
Every character is echoed back out the serial port.
Every character is every person and vice-versa.
Every character is exquisitely detailed, each with their own unique face.
Every character is fun.
Every character is given the default gender when it is created.
Every character is given with examples on combinations with that character.
Every character is human, with human flaws and weaknesses.
Every character is hyperlinked for more information about that character.
Every character is in turmoil with a conflict to resolve.
Every character is modeled beautifully, and the movement is at all times smooth.
Every character is motored by desire.
Every character is neither good nor bad - but grey human beings.
Every character is one-dimensional.
Every character is over the top and over-dramatic.
Every character is reprehensible in one way or another, and the tone of the film is darkly comic.
Every character is represented as four bytes.
Every character is represented as two bytes.
Every character is saved in either a send or expect command.
Every character is so believable.
Every character is so different and so unique.
Every character is treated with irony, so there are no real heroes.
Every character is well cast and brilliantly acted.
Every character leaps off the page as a real person.
Every character needs to be correct, and upper and lower case make a difference.
Every character plays an important role in Conrad s life.
Every character registers on screen as an interesting person.
Every character shown in print appears online.
Every character speaks, most of the voice acting is good, and some of the voice acting is great.
Every character starts off as fledgling hero.
Every character takes a journey.
Every character takes memory.
Every character talks instead of there being little subtitles at the bottom.
Every character typed is entered into the text editor at the cursor position.
Every character wants or needs something.
Every character wants something from the other characters.
Many characters also have short aliases using the key.
Many characters are addicts of one type or another.
Many characters are composites or invented outright.
Many characters are determined by single genes.
Many characters are flat creations, and too often buffoons.
Many characters are free as of current so please take a look.
Many characters are somewhat unusual ones such as torturers, prostitutes and ghosts.
Many characters are victims of gunfire, crashes, explosions, etc.
Many characters believe they are controlled by the stars.
Many characters display transition series, ie slight stepwise differences, among related organisms.
Many characters experience healing in the story, while others refuse to be healed.
Many characters fall asleep and wake up in a strange new world.
Many characters go to school in children's stories.
Many characters have a nose that looks like a stubby beak.
Many characters have more than one role, such as a woman who is a widow and also a housewife.
Many characters lose accent marks, become other characters or disappear entirely.
Many characters offer lots of interaction.
Many characters reappear thruoght the PM books.
Many characters seem interchangeable.
Many characters seem to be little more than cardboard cut-ups.
Many characters take their names from old expressions.
Many characters walk sideways through a story never confronting anything.
More character is built in sorrow than in success.
More characters can be fit if necessary, but the letter size needs to be smaller.
More characters get unlocked as players win more rounds.
Most characters are distinctly good or evil though few characters are really developed.
Most characters are furries with a natural or high-tech lifestyle.
Most characters are just copied to the output file.
Most characters are male, well-paid and young.
Most characters are uppercase written in a single stroke.
Most characters are wanderers anyway, uprooted, displaced, dispossessed.
Most characters develop over decades.
Most characters distinguish patterns.
Most characters enjoy communicating with guests.
Most characters express beliefs.
Most characters express philosophical beliefs.
Most characters have a tendency to form a square.
Most characters have ability.
Most characters have arms.
Most characters have bad luck and charisma.
Most characters have capability.
Most characters have dreams.
Most characters have hidden agendas and secret relationships.
Most characters have legs.
Most characters have no such link.
Most characters have reaction.
Most characters have similar capability.
Most characters have skills.
Most characters have some special ability that they can use as listed in their effect text.
Most characters loose their meta-ness inside square brackets.
Most characters lose any special meaning inside a list.
Most characters make senses.
Most Characters only have two different outfits, but some have up to three.
Most characters play key roles.
Most characters play roles.
Most characters play significant roles.
Most characters show variation.
Most characters speak simply and clearly.
Most characters undergo development.
Some character are misread.
Some characters affect survival.
Some characters age in real time.
Some characters also drink alcoholic beverages and smoke.
Some characters also have moves done by pressing two buttons at once.
Some characters also make comments about America, two of which stand out.
Some characters also require fake eyelashes to make their lashes longer and thicker.
Some characters also smoke cigarettes.
Some characters appear as white boxes with a black outline.
Some characters appear in ads.
Some characters appear in books.
Some characters appear in cartoons.
Some characters appear in several books.
Some characters are better at things than others.
Some characters are composites.
Some characters are funny.
Some characters are general bullies.
Some characters are grotesque, but always with a twinkle.
Some characters are just plain impossible.
Some characters are keys to finding other toys in the park.
Some characters are much bigger than others, for instance.
Some characters are of their own design, others are based on preexisting characters, all are unique.
Some characters are primarily there to amuse, ask leading questions and deliver punch lines.
Some characters are real, others are figments of a harassed imagination.
Some characters are self-installing executables.
Some characters are shared by flatworms.
Some characters are similar, too.
Some characters are special.
Some characters are stubborn.
Some characters are summarized in tables.
Some characters are used by workers.
Some characters are very mysterious.
Some characters are very quiet and others are quite a bit on the vulgar side.
Some characters are whitespace.
Some characters become soldiers.
Some characters behave differently in East Asian context than in non-East Asian content.
Some characters breathe better on the page, and that is the case here.
Some characters can do ridiculous amounts of damage at higher levels.
Some characters can even shoot weapons faster than the other characters.
Some characters can extend above the ascender line.
Some characters can extend below the descender line.
Some characters can fly.
Some characters can have multiple pronunciations, depending on context.
Some characters can only do their special moves when they are using their fists as their weapon.
Some characters change careers.
Some characters change.
Some characters crack, some rise to the situation.
Some characters depend on factors.
Some characters depend upon states.
Some characters determine outcomes.
Some characters do battles.
Some characters do have to drop off the table.
Some characters drink and smoke.
Some characters drink.
Some characters emphasize theories.
Some characters encourage children.
Some characters eventually loosen up, but there's never room to doubt just who the bad guys are.
Some characters face life.
Some characters find redemption while others are judged.
Some characters follow people.
Some characters govern treatments.
Some characters have a lot longer game than others.
Some characters have a personal moral code which justifies certain actions.
Some characters have a reputation for wanton violence and cruelty.
Some characters have a special meaning to the searcher.
Some characters have a special meaning when they occur in a regular expression.
Some characters have different meanings but pronunciations are same.
Some characters have kicks and some have uppercuts.
Some characters have majorities.
Some characters have more sites than others.
Some characters have more than one.
Some characters have more then one, just reverse the motion to back forward back.
Some characters have no kun readings, others have one or more.
Some characters have plots.
Some characters have prisoners.
Some characters have reality.
Some characters have sex.
Some characters head, some deal damage.
Some characters help organizations.
Some characters identify specimens.
Some characters instantly achieve stardom.
Some characters just arrive that way.
Some characters lead students.
Some characters look a lot like known characters.
Some characters make a trip to the old, abonded castle.
Some characters occur very many times, others only once or twice.
Some characters prosper and gain wealth, fame and rewards.
Some characters provide evidence.
Some characters provide protection.
Some characters relate to habitats.
Some characters require more storage space than others.
Some characters resemble children.
Some characters seem to got lost.
Some characters seem to manipulate art in ways that seem inappropriate.
Some characters show in images.
Some characters smoke and drink, with one man being drunk and belligerent at a party.
Some characters start with some type of a life refill.
Some characters struggle more with their identity and their anchoring.
Some characters take quite awhile to wind up attacks, while others can hit almost instantly.
Some characters treat presence.
Some characters use adult language.
Characterisation is a description
Characterisation is all over the map, but the action scenes hold it together.
Characterisation is also a strong point.
Characterisation is apt the docu-drama treatment is different but appropriate.
Characterisation is excellent and consequently the dialogue is economical and tight.
Characterisation is good with well drawn, believable characters.
Characterisation Look closely at character in terms of contrast .
Characterisation needs to be strong and fascinating.
Characterisations are good, and some of the relationships build well during the game.
Most characteristic adaptations occur in the skeleton.
Characteristic animals are elk, moose, mule deer, black bears, and grizzly bears.
Some characteristic behavior leads to classifications.
Most characteristic call is a harsh 'skaak', although there are many variations.
Characteristic classes are cohomology classes.
Characteristic codes represent various features that are important in selecting a college.
Characteristic colors begin to fade as soon as a fish is removed from the water.
A characteristic curve is a graph
Characteristic curves Draw the model for an ideal and practical diode.
Characteristic curves measure film contrast and color saturation.
Characteristic damage is evident.
Characteristic damage varies with the type of vegetable.
Characteristic equation is so and .
Characteristic feature is unicellularity.
Characteristic features are the long, tapering snout and the strong curved claws on the fore feet.
Characteristic flowers provide the common name.
Characteristic frequencies are high at the basal entrance to the cochlea, and low at the apex.
Characteristic injury includes dwarfed, thickened and wrinkled leaves.
Characteristic lesions have a scalloped border and a sloughing, necrotic base.
Characteristic lizards are the Caroline anole and the brown red-tailed skink.
Characteristic magnitude is set equal to the historic earthquake magnitude.
Characteristic men working behind the counter adds to the experience.
Most characteristic mark is the W-shaped yellow mark on the first pair of wings.
Characteristic markings are the olive grey upper parts, white chest and gray bib.
Some characteristic odor is caused by secretion.
Characteristic oscillations precede and precipitate fibrillation.
Characteristic patterns appear on the wings.
Characteristic patterns are caused by insect outbreaks.
Characteristic patterns are caused by outbreaks.
Characteristic patterns use for identification.
Most characteristic patterns are caused by insect outbreaks.
Most characteristic patterns are caused by outbreaks.
Most characteristic patterns use for identification.
Some characteristic patterns lead to cell death.
Some characteristic patterns lead to death.
Characteristic peduncles are large and corky.
Characteristic plants have shallow roots to capture water during sudden short downpours.
Some characteristic plants are little bluestem and prairie dropseed.
Characteristic processes take place in the society at the time of transitive period.
Characteristic properties are the same for that substance regardless of amount.
Characteristic sediments accumulate both on the lake bottom and along the margins of the lake.
Many characteristic species are southern species which reach their nor thern limit in New Jersey.
Characteristic structures form that serve as landmarks to aid and guide the navigation process.
Characteristic symptoms are a headache and stiff neck.
Characteristic symptoms are white or gray spots on leaves, surrounded by a black or brown margin.
Characteristic topics are values, knowledge, human nature, and society.
Characteristic urticaria appears on exposed areas on a cold day.
Characteristic vegetation includes reedbeds, sedge communities, and sodic pastures.
Characteristic waste is a different situation.
Characteristic zones are v-shaped and include a leaf edge.
A characteristic is a dimension
Characteristic has a close link with taking off T-shirts.
Characteristic isa attribute.
Characteristics affect fitnesses.
Characteristics affect management.
Characteristics affect slope stability.
Characteristics affect stability.
Characteristics are both qualitative and quantitative.
Characteristics are chasity, celibacy, poverty, fasting, and self-denial.
Characteristics are eternally and inherently empty.
Characteristics are expression and creativity.
Characteristics are impulsive, aggressive, poor judgment, lack of consideration to future.
Characteristics are integers.
Characteristics are less structured than specifications.
Characteristics are located in people.
Characteristics are more like the old bias-ply tires.
Characteristics are packet loss and large packet delays.
Characteristics are part of nature.
Characteristics are properties.
Characteristics are purity, truth, brilliance, radiance, innocence, and illumination.
Characteristics are quality.
Characteristics are shared by fossil whales.
Characteristics are shared by whales.
Characteristics are summarized in tables.
Characteristics are the projecting wall plane and the centered pediment in front.
Characteristics are, an uneven surface with chipping at the edges and pitting on some surfaces.
Characteristics associate with families.
Characteristics attract attention.
Characteristics Become obese on a standard diet.
Characteristics Burrowing owls can grow to be almost one foot tall.
Characteristics change over time.
Characteristics contribute to differences.
Characteristics contribute to quality.
Characteristics contribute to success.
Characteristics define aspects.
Characteristics Demonstrate the characteristics of alternating current.
Characteristics derive from the natural environment and from the people who live there.
Characteristics determine classifications.
Characteristics Develop asthema-like symproms on challenge with aerosolised antigen.
Characteristics develop over time.
Characteristics develop over years.
Characteristics distinguish mammals.
Characteristics distinguish plants.
Characteristics distinguish types.
Characteristics enhance survival.
Characteristics evolve over time.
Characteristics explain variation.
Characteristics extend to include an impairment in balance and coordination.
Characteristics govern use.
Characteristics Has no odor or color.
Characteristics have advantage.
Characteristics have components.
Characteristics have heritable components.
Characteristics have to be easily found by everybody.
Characteristics have values.
Characteristics identify sex.
Characteristics include pain.
Characteristics indicate continuous growth.
Characteristics indicate growth.
Characteristics influence choices.
Characteristics lead to variation.
Characteristics Now has high mammary tumour incidence and inherited polycystic kidneys.
Characteristics possessed by parents tend to reappear in the next or in succeeding generations.
Characteristics provide insight.
Characteristics Receives full sun.
Characteristics recorded include various types of moraine, crevasses and ice falls.
Characteristics reflect properties.
Characteristics relate to behavior.
Characteristics relate to ecology.
Characteristics relate to fire ecology.
Characteristics relate to status.
Characteristics relating to the grade or quality of the property are immaterial.
Characteristics require harvest regulations.
Characteristics require regulations.
Characteristics seen on x-ray begin with subtle sclerosis of bone.
Characteristics show patterns.
Characteristics shown are typical.
Characteristics support hypotheses.
Characteristics Uses public key cryptography.
Characteristics vary from individual to individual.
Characteristics often vary wildly from industry to industry .
All characteristics apply to unfiltered water.
All characteristics are inexact.
All characteristics are optional b.
All characteristics related to the breed's versatility are to be maintained.
Every characteristic has an up- and downside to it.
Every characteristic is indexed using the index values defined in the file chars.h in the .pak file.
Many characteristics are beneficial but some are harmful.
Many characteristics are deemed attractive by the culture.
Many characteristics are inherited by offspring from their parents.
Many characteristics are similar to amero-trailing edge coasts.
Many characteristics are the result of a complex collection of different genes.
Many characteristics can vary within a single species.
Many characteristics define symbols, including color, size, angle, and pattern.
Many characteristics define symbols, including color, size, shape, angle, and pattern.
Many characteristics distinguish the primate group from other mammals.
Most characteristics affect fitnesses.
Most characteristics affect management.
Most characteristics affect slope stability.
Most characteristics affect stability.
Most characteristics are affected by both genes and environment.
Most characteristics are related, and generally several change together.
Most characteristics are shared by fossil whales.
Most characteristics are shared by whales.
Most characteristics are summarized in tables.
Most characteristics attract attention.
Most characteristics change over time.
Most characteristics contribute to differences.
Most characteristics contribute to quality.
Most characteristics contribute to success.
Most characteristics define aspects.
Most characteristics determine classifications.
Most characteristics develop over time.
Most characteristics develop over years.
Most characteristics enhance survival.
Most characteristics evolve over time.
Most characteristics explain variation.
Most characteristics have advantage.
Most characteristics have components.
Most characteristics have heritable components.
Most characteristics have values.
Most characteristics identify sex.
Most characteristics indicate continuous growth.
Most characteristics indicate growth.
Most characteristics lead to variation.
Most characteristics provide insight.
Most characteristics reflect properties.
Most characteristics relate to behavior.
Most characteristics relate to ecology.
Most characteristics relate to fire ecology.
Most characteristics relate to status.
Most characteristics require harvest regulations.
Most characteristics require regulations.
Most characteristics show patterns.
Some characteristics account for success.
Some characteristics affect kidneys.
Some characteristics affect regions.
Some characteristics affect responses.
Some characteristics affect visibility.
Some characteristics are aggressive, changes moods quickly, respectful, and stimulated.
Some characteristics are also attributes of other dialects.
Some characteristics are ambitious, cautious, dignified, patient, persistent, and practical.
Some characteristics are artistic, emotional, shy, home loving, patriotic, and instinctive.
Some characteristics are bold, courageous, determined, energetic, hot tempered, and impatient.
Some characteristics are caused or influenced by the environment.
Some characteristics are cheerful, colorful, generous, kind, proud, and powerful.
Some characteristics are cheerful, enthusiastic, generous, outgoing, relaxed, and warm.
Some characteristics are compatible, diplomatic, friendly, intelligent, pleasant, and thoughtful.
Some characteristics are critically important to plants living on land.
Some characteristics are curious, independent, modern, serious, open-minded, and outgoing.
Some characteristics are dependent on choices made previously.
Some characteristics are difficult to evaluate.
Some characteristics are essential for good gray squirrel habitat.
Some characteristics are imaginative, emotional, friendly, vague, intelligent, and sensitive.
Some characteristics are intelligent, sensible, and practical.
Some characteristics are loyal, sensible, affectionate, conservative, possessive, and stubborn.
Some characteristics are moodiness and easily frustrated.
Some characteristics are presented in tables.
Some characteristics are recessive, for example blue eyes.
Some characteristics are shared by chimpanzees.
Some characteristics are shared by lampreys.
Some characteristics are tied to environmental influences.
Some characteristics can be beneficial and some can be detrimental.
Some characteristics change dramatically with temperature.
Some characteristics come from a single gene, whereas others come from gene combinations.
Some characteristics depend on factors.
Some characteristics depend on many factors.
Some characteristics depend on such factors.
Some characteristics describe in paragraphs.
Some characteristics describe patterns.
Some characteristics deserve consideration.
Some characteristics deserve strong consideration.
Some characteristics determine types.
Some characteristics enhance chances.
Some characteristics enhance success.
Some characteristics ensure aeration.
Some characteristics have both health and aesthetic guideline values.
Some characteristics have complex inheritance patterns.
Some characteristics have complex patterns.
Some characteristics have inheritance patterns.
Some characteristics have patterns.
Some characteristics have purposes.
Some characteristics help athletes.
Some characteristics help environments.
Some characteristics help harsh environments.
Some characteristics help individuals.
Some characteristics help scientists.
Some characteristics identify sloths.
Some characteristics improve survival.
Some characteristics indicate actions.
Some characteristics indicate genus.
Some characteristics indicate offshoots.
Some characteristics lead scientists.
Some characteristics listed apply to the most common varieties used in California.
Some characteristics offer advantage.
Some characteristics promote success.
Some characteristics provide resistance.
Some characteristics reflect debris history and potential to accumulate.
Some characteristics relate to distribution.
Some characteristics relate to pathogen transmissions.
Some characteristics relate to reproduction.
Some characteristics relate to transmissions.
Some characteristics reveal themselves most clearly in a cooler coffee.
Some characteristics seem obvious, while others are difficult to understand.
Some characteristics show in tables.
Characterization distinguishes the work of staging experiences from that of other economic activity.
Characterization focuses on one or a few female characters.
Characterization focuses on one or a few male characters.
Characterization focuses on several characters of different sexes whose lives are intertwined.
Characterization gets sloppy, the story has holes and the direction is loose.
Characterization includes a wide array of structural probes and spectros copies.
Characterization includes surface methods and the use of electrochemical techniques.
Characterization involves a study of the psychological process of creating a character.
Characterization is a description
Characterization is an intiutive approach also.
Characterization is at the level of single mammalian nerve endings or in appropriate cell lines.
Characterization is based on morphological, physiological, and genetic traits.
Characterization is by single crystal X-ray diffraction.
Characterization is crucial.
CHaracterization is dead on though.
Characterization is descriptions.
Characterization is different for the two types of comedy.
Characterization is done by electro-optical measurements.
Characterization is equally embarrassing.
Characterization is evenhanded and believable, while place and time envelop readers.
Characterization is explored.
Characterization is likewise sharp and memorable.
Characterization is lost in the process.
Characterization is minimal and often sacrificed for sensationalism.
Characterization is needed again in the final stages for inspection to confirm treatment results.
Characterization is one.
Characterization is revealed through dialogue, expressive voice and gestures.
Characterization is sacrificed for a very plot-driven story.
Characterization is strong throughout, and especially in the first part of the novel.
Characterization is superb.
Characterization is the most important means of understanding an oil reservoir.
Characterization is the sum total of a writer's efforts to create a character.
Characterization is unimportant. . . .
Characterization is very deep.
Characterization is very distinct even for the minor cast members.
Characterization is very poor.
Characterization is West's strong point.
Characterization is, unfortunately, the weakest aspect of the tale.
Characterization means defining both the nature and extent of contamination.
Characterization Read the following pieces and name the speaker.
Characterization shows that half of the line requires installation of a liner.
Characterization takes advantage of an extensive infrastructure in plasma gas phase diagnostics.
Characterizations are an important part of the show.
Characterizations are good and dialog is realistic.
Characterizations are true and the storyline follows the thread.
Characterizations are very thin.
Characterized fatigue crack growth behavior of aluminum alloy welds.
Characters animations are superb.
A charade is impersonation
Every charade comes with acting hints as well as a brief description.
Charcoal briquettes are the easiest to use and best for controlling the temperature.
Charcoal briquettes can be hard to start.
Charcoal briquettes produce carbon monoxide, a colorless, odorless killer.
Charcoal briquettes produce carbon monoxide.
Charcoal filters are able to block the passage of sediment and suspended solids.
Charcoal filters eliminate the UV absorbing gases.
Charcoal filters help control odors.
Charcoal grey is gray
Charcoal grey stems add additional contrast to the milky white flowers.
Charcoal grills are barbecue grills.
Charcoal grills are ideally deep fire pans with domed covers.
Charcoal grills are lit and then left to heat up over a period of time.
Charcoal grills are on each porch and in the picnic area.
Charcoal grills are the preferred method of cooking here.
Charcoal grills are usually less expensive than other types.
Charcoal grills are usually much less expensive than gas grills.
Charcoal grills can emit deadly carbon monoxide .
Charcoal grills can emit deadly carbon monoxide fumes.
Charcoal grills use charcoal briquettes, wood, or a combination of both.
Some charcoal grills produce radiation.
Charcoal irons are self-heating devices.
Most charcoal manufacturers sell their product as a briquette.
Charcoal starter stinks.
Charcoal absorbs and holds a fairly large volume of poisonous gases.
Charcoal absorbs dampness.
Charcoal absorbs pollutants and impurities.
Charcoal absorbs the prophyrins and they are then eliminated in the feces.
Charcoal absorbs toxins and is a natural purifier.
Charcoal burns quite a bit hotter than wood, and with less residue.
Charcoal calls to mind fire and ash.
Charcoal can help.
Charcoal can undercook or completely burn the dinner.
Charcoal comes from the burning of substances such as oil and wood.
Charcoal consists of partially burned fragments of plant material that are very resistant to decay.
Charcoal consists primarily of amorphous carbon and ash.
Charcoal cooks slower.
Charcoal cover illustration, interior computer illustration.
Charcoal gives off deadly carbon monoxide gas that can fill a room and overcome the occupants.
Charcoal gives off large quantities of carbon monoxide while burning.
Charcoal goes to work to immediately absorb the toxins.
Charcoal has (part) atoms.
Charcoal interferes with absorption of nutrients and medication.
Charcoal interferes with absorption.
Charcoal is black, and the neighbor's cat is a black cat.
Charcoal is carbon
Charcoal is carbon.
Charcoal is drawing.
Charcoal is effective in absorbing and minimizing airborne contamination.
Charcoal is excellent, and was widely used for iron smelting.
Charcoal is flammable, which is why it glows red in the firebox.
Charcoal is fuel
Charcoal is fuel.
Charcoal is gray.
Charcoal is helpful for gastrointestinal decontamination.
Charcoal is ideal.
Charcoal is ineffective.
Charcoal is located in barbecues.
Charcoal is more physical than pencil.
Charcoal is of high yield and quality.
Charcoal is right.
Charcoal isa carbon.
Charcoal isa fuel.
Charcoal leaves little residue upon burning because it is nearly pure phlogiston.
Charcoal presents somewhat of a bagging problem due to a large variance in sizes of the piece.
Charcoal produces heat.
Charcoal produces radiant heat.
Charcoal producing ovens use large amounts of timber.
Charcoal releases carbon monoxide gas.
Charcoal tends to give more flavor to the meat.
Charcoal works best.
Charcoal works just fine in a forge or furnace.
Charcoal works well on sour odors.
Most charcoal produces heat.
Most charcoal produces radiant heat.
Some charcoal has advantage.
Some charcoal mixes with water.
Charcter animations are great.
A charcuterie is a store
Charcuterie are the meats and sausages often served alone as a course in a meal.
Chard holds a clock that's counting down the millenium.
Chard is a vegetable
Chard is beets.
Chard is easy to freeze for winter use.
Chard is extremely perishable, so keep refrigerator storage time to a minimum.
Chard is green.
Chard is part of chard.
Chard is plants.
Chard is rich in beta carotene, vitamin C and calcium.
Chard is vegetables.
Chard is very perishable, so avoid limp or spotted leaves.
Chard leaves freeze well after blanching, but the stems become soggy and rather unappealing.
Chard packs a huge amount of vitamin A and it is naturally high in sodium.
Chard produces fresh greens throughout the summer.
Chard produces nearly non-stop year round.
Chard provides more per square foot than most other vegetables and with less care.
Chard stems have a delicate flavor much like asparagus and are prepared in a similar way.
Chard tolerates cold weather and frost as well as hot days in the summer.
Chares are similar to objects in an object-oriented language.
Charge backs are an industry term meaning when the bank charges a sale back to a merchant.
A charge card is positive identification
Charge cards are a mechanism for payment and facilitate the Prompt Payment Act.
Charge cards are credit cards.
Charge cards can make the shopping more convenient but can be expensive.
Charge cards cause problems, too.
Charge cards require cardholders to pay their balances in full each month.
Charge cards tend to promote indiscriminate spending.
All charge cards charge interest.
Some charge carriers become circuits.
Charge conjugation is the symmetry of their being an identical antiparticle for every particle.
Charge controls keep batteries from damage through overvoltage.
Charge controller is standard equipment.
Many charge controllers have indicator lights and readouts built-in.
Charge cycle begins when battery is connected to the charger.
Charge densities are the diagonal elements of the density matrix.
Charge densities give a measure of the charge on an atom.
Charge density is a scalar field.
Many charge distributions can have the same environment over a limited region.
Charge exchange can happen in conditions like when different objects are rubbed and separated .
Charge exchange can happen in conditions like when different objects are rubbed and separated.
Charge nurses are responsible for overseeing the nursing care on a unit during a particular shift.
Charge nurses face numerous problems.
Charge nurses fact numerous problems.
Charge particles experience forces.
Charge points relate to program values.
Charge regulators manage the flow of electricity into and out of the storage batteries.
Charge transfer can now extend the lifetimes of the conduction electrons to the static limit.
Charge transfer is another example.
Charge transfer leads to an induced superconducting state in the chains.
Charge transfer occurs between iron and oxygen.
Charge voltage depends on battery types.
Charge voltage depends on types.
Charge absorbs energy.
Charge absorbs photon energy.
Charge accounts welcome.
Charge adults a nominal fee, and let kids in for free.
Charge alleges that college refused to allow unmarried couple to live in married student housing.
Charge appears in two forms, positive and negative, and like charges repel.
Charge applies to customers.
Charge brings batteries to their fullest potential.
Charge comes in multiples of an indivisible unit of charge, represented by the letter e.
Charge covers all local phone calls and safe usage.
Charge covers orientation, use of cars and two hours of track time.
Charge creates electricity.
Charge depends on nature of use.
Charge depends on number of participants.
Charge depends on the call.
Charge depends on the country.
Charge depends on voltage.
Charge develops across each layer in an effort to counteract the imposed strains.
Charge electroscope by conduction with negative charge.
Charge electroscope by induction with positive charge.
Charge exists as integral multiples of the electronic charge .
Charge extortionate fees.
Charge families a one-time registration fee.
Charge flows at a slow rate through the resistor to charge the capacitor.
Charge flows easily through a conductor, only with difficulty though an insulator.
Charge flows easily through conductors so it is difficult to keep the charges separate.
Charge flows through a dielectric, such as glass.
Charge flows through circuits.
Charge flows through devices.
Charge flows through external circuits.
Charge flows through the dark channel when the switch opens.
Charge generates fields.
Charge generates magnetic fields.
Charge goes to the room.
Charge has effects.
Charge has energy.
Charge has imaginary values.
Charge has potential energy.
Charge has values.
Charge holds group responsible, too.
Charge includes all materials.
Charge includes alternate date exchange of bath linens and weekly exchange of bed linens.
Charge includes delivery within Calcutta city limits.
Charge includes room, evening meal and breakfast.
Charge includes service charge and excludes tax.
Charge includes shipping.
Charge includes towels, soap, shampoo, razor, shaving cream or perfume.
Charge indicates that the item is checked out.
Charge is a basic property of all matter.
Charge is a basic quantity underpinning all electrical phenomena.
Charge is a fundamental property of an electron.
Charge is a measure of the number of spatial dimensions missing.
Charge is a small amount for rentail and a deposit for equipment.
Charge is also discrete.
Charge is an amount of electrons.
Charge is an assault mission with a twist.
Charge is an attack
Charge is attacks.
Charge is brought up from the base plate power supply via an insulated rotating belt.
Charge is by donation.
Charge is ca.
Charge is calculated from area of board, rather than area of board polished.
Charge is conserved in all reactions.
Charge is conserved in chemical reactions.
Charge is cost.
Charge is dependants.
Charge is either positive or negative.
Charge is everywhere.
Charge is exchanged by a lightning flash.
Charge is explosives.
Charge is for a single support issue, even if it requires more than one call or e-mail.
Charge is for each individual map.
Charge is for incoming calls, checking messages and fax receive and forwarding.
Charge is for incoming calls, checking messages email reading.
Charge is for professional services only.
Charge is free.
Charge is liabilities.
Charge is made for a single set of letters per destination.
Charge is material, it is like atoms but it is one step lower than atoms.
Charge is measured in coulombs and voltage is measured in volts.
Charge is measured in coulombs.
Charge is object to the condition.
Charge is part of indictments.
Charge is pending.
Charge is per car rather that per person.
Charge is per line.
Charge is per phone.
Charge is pleading.
Charge is quantized all charge is a multiple of the elementary electron charge.
Charge is quantized.
Charge is requests.
Charge is safe and convenient.
Charge is separated by the rubbing of the belt against the driver roller while the belt is moving.
Charge is shared between it and the CCD output node.
Charge is stored electrostatically in the electrochemical double-layer formed on the carbon surface.
Charge is sustained.
Charge is the product of current and time for direct current.
Charge is the replacement cost.
Charge is the same regardless of how many people are in the group.
Charge is the transferred to a metallic sphere on the other side.
Charge is three cents per English word.
Charge is to develop criteria, evaluation, access, and statewide interest.
Charge isa phenomenon.
Charge lasts for up to two weeks with normal use.
Charge loses energy.
Charge loses potential energy.
Charge moves from sides.
Charge needs language calling for the actual development of materials.
Charge needs language describing scope of staff training.
Charge passes through batteries.
Charge passes through circuits.
Charge passes through electrolytes.
Charge passes through solid electrolytes.
Charge plays the role of mass.
Charge possesses energy.
Charge possesses potential energy.
Charge produces fields.
Charge produces forces.
Charge produces magnetic fields.
Charge produces magnetic forces.
Charge provides electrical energy.
Charge provides energy.
Charge purchases to the departmental supplies and materials account.
Charge uses energy.
Charge varies based on location.
Charge varies by number of places within a county and number of months.
Charges accrue based on how often the services are used.
Charges accumulate on pixels during the field time.
Charges accumulate on the atmospheric electrode and varistor poles.
Charges already apply to some training opportunities.
Charges also apply for classified advertising.
Charges also apply to property visits and associated information gathering.
Charges also apply.
Charges also occur for directory assistance, roaming, and long distance.
Charges appear for contracted services.
Charges appear in the left column, credits and payments appear in the right column.
Charges appear on the regular phone bill.
Charges appear on utility bills.
Charges appearing in the catalog and schedule are subject to change.
Charges apply and reservations are required.
Charges apply and users are recommended to book a machine in advance.
Charges apply at check-out.
Charges apply even if the search results are negative.
Charges apply for bicycles and wind surfing boards.
Charges apply for each additional format.
Charges apply for each delivery to each separate address.
Charges apply for literature searches and document delivery services.
Charges apply for meetings with fewer than four guest rooms.
Charges apply for multiple copies only.
Charges apply for photocopiers and laser prints.
Charges apply for photocopies or laserprints.
Charges apply for printing.
Charges apply for retrieval from the archive and for any additional processing.
Charges apply for retrieving the full articles.
Charges apply for the extra electrical usage based on the number of BTUs of the air conditioner.
Charges apply for the retrieval of full text articles.
Charges apply on all bookings made with a credit or debit card.
Charges apply once all registred participants all connected.
Charges apply once samples are submitted for diagnosis.
Charges apply only if the service can answer a user's question.
Charges apply only to downloaded records.
Charges apply only to the retrieval of full text articles.
Charges apply only to the retrieval of full-text articles.
Charges apply only when stories are accessed.
Charges apply only when the full text is accessed.
Charges apply outside of inclusive minutes.
Charges apply per channel.
Charges apply to all orders.
Charges apply to all usernames, staff and student.
Charges apply to both direct and diverted calls during one billing period.
Charges apply to commercial subscribers.
Charges apply to copying services.
Charges apply to each sale.
Charges apply to extraction of data from the archive.
Charges apply to extraction of information from the archive.
Charges apply to finish artwork.
Charges apply to orders delivered to one address.
Charges apply to other events.
Charges apply to send messages.
Charges apply to students requests.
Charges apply to the functional life of the type of service selected.
Charges apply to the transmit or receive rate, whichever is greater.
Charges apply to use of high resolution images.
Charges apply when stories are accessed.
Charges are a matter for negotiation using solidarity.
Charges are a sliding fee scale based on the income of the consumer and spouse.
Charges are about the same as the local companies can offer.
Charges are according to size.
Charges are according to the individual tests performed.
Charges are additional and subject to requirements.
Charges are also pending against an unnamed co-conspirator.
Charges are also pending against another subject involved in the case.
Charges are also pending against four other people.
Charges are applicable for cancellations.
Charges are approx.
Charges are approximately at cost to provide an affordable service.
Charges are as below.
Charges are as for film.
Charges are as for registering a new domain name.
Charges are as noted.
Charges are at Cost and are on a sliding scale.
Charges are at the earned column inch rate plus any color charges.
Charges are at the self-service rate.
Charges are available on application.
Charges are available on request.
Charges are based on guaranteed number or number served, whichever is larger.
Charges are bursarable.
Charges are by meter.
Charges are by negotiation in each case.
Charges are by the mile and by the day.
Charges are by the piece or by the hour . . .
Charges are by zip code are and weight of the shipment.
Charges are considerable.
Charges are considerably higher if reprint requests are received after the issue has gone to press.
Charges are contingent on the scope and requirements of the company or industry association.
Charges are cross-charged back to assigned CUFS budgets.
Charges are cross-charged back to the appropriate CUFS budget.
Charges are debited to the account and interest is credited to it.
Charges are dependent on the extent of services fences requested.
Charges are dependent on what is needed.
Charges are dependent upon weight and destination.
Charges are determined according to user level.
Charges are determined on amount of space used.
Charges are determined per project.
Charges are determined relative to the services requested.
Charges are different according to the contact lens type prescribed.
Charges are different for mixed cultures.
Charges are double for winter burials.
Charges are due and payable in full at the TLC Information Desk when tapes are returned.
Charges are due and payable on or before the first day of classes for that term.
Charges are due and payable when billed each month.
Charges are due at the time of registration.
Charges are due by the published deadline.
Charges are due upon receipt of the statement.
Charges are either by credit card, or through a pre-established account with the service provider.
Charges are exclusive of sales, use, and other taxes which are the responsibility of the subscriber.
Charges are explosives.
Charges are extra for courier or other shipping method.
Charges are extremely competitive.
Charges are fairly modest.
Charges are for amount of data rather than phone time.
Charges are for back room events only.
Charges are for connection services to the internet only.
Charges are for connection time, CPU time and disk storage.
Charges are for equipment rental only.
Charges are for equipment, materials and labor to establish network connectivity for the user.
Charges are for exhibition only.
Charges are for groceries and tax only.
Charges are for hard-copy documents.
Charges are for materials only.
Charges are for materials used.
Charges are for printed manuals only.
Charges are for shipment within the United States.
Charges are for shipping and handling only.
Charges are for telecommunications linkages, direct online costs and for the offline prints, if any.
Charges are for the entire contract period selected and are assessed by semester.
Charges are for the tours only.
Charges are for time and distance.
Charges are for typical web pages.
Charges are for use of the facility only.
Charges are free to move around in a metal object.
Charges are generally higher than costs.
Charges are generally reasonable.
Charges are grouped by calling card number and a detailed account of each call is provided.
Charges are high and health insurance is essential.
Charges are high.
Charges are higher for some types of non-book materials.
Charges are however subject to periodic change.
Charges are in line with agency policy and procedure.
Charges are in U.S. funds, or the equivalent in other currencies.
Charges are inclusive also government taxes and service charge.
Charges are inclusive of half board and room with private facilities.
Charges are less expensive than credit card or collect calls.
Charges are like little balls.
Charges are likely to be laid after a thorough investigation.
Charges are limited to certain diagnostic tests and therapeutic procedures and prescription drugs.
Charges are limited to three days.
Charges are low and some activities are free, although booking is essential.
Charges are low, considering the speed of access.
Charges are lower than local print shop prices.
Charges are minimal and services more so.
Charges are minimal for their other services or materials.
Charges are minimal or non existent.
Charges are minimal to patrons.
Charges are minimal.
Charges are moderate and include breakfast.
Charges are moderate.
Charges are modest.
Charges are monthly regardless of the amount of usage.
Charges are negotiable for each assignment.
Charges are no longer usage based as they have been.
Charges are non-commissionable.
Charges are non-refundable .
Charges are non-refundable.
Charges are normally per hour or part thereof for each draft as submitted.
Charges are normally per word of each draft as submitted.
Charges are objects and animals on top of the field such as lions, wreaths and swords.
Charges are on a cost recovery basis.
Charges are on a per-item basis and billed by monthly invoice.
Charges are on a sliding fee scale.
Charges are on a sliding scale according to income.
Charges are on a sliding-fee basis.
Charges are on a time and materials basis.
Charges are on an open market basis so the best price can be negotiated.
Charges are on lost or damaged materials.
Charges are on the Rates page.
Charges are one way.
Charges are only for consumables and labor used.
Charges are only for time during which actual work is performed.
Charges are payable by phonecard or credit card.
Charges are payable directly to hotel.
Charges are payable in advance by either cheque or money order.
Charges are payable in advance.
Charges are payable in full each month.
Charges are payable in U.S. dollars only.
Charges are payable monthly.
Charges are payable two weeks before the first day of classes each semester.
Charges are payable when services are rendered.
Charges are pending against a second airman involved in the incident.
Charges are pending against one defendant.
Charges are pending against one female.
Charges are pending against the juvenile.
Charges are pending against the juveniles.
Charges are pending against the male subject.
Charges are pending against the two men there.
Charges are pending against the victim.
Charges are pending against two defendants.
Charges are pending and the circumstances remain under investigation.
Charges are pending as officials wait on results of the driver's blood alcohol level.
Charges are pending completion of an investigation.
Charges are pending completion of the investigation.
Charges are pending.
Charges are pennies per minute per participant.
Charges are per destination, and are subject to change without notice.
Charges are per destination.
Charges are per item.
Charges are per job booking only .
Charges are per megabyte and depend on the location of the data.
Charges are per minute.
Charges are per person.
Charges are per user, per month.
Charges are personal liability of traveler.
Charges are plentiful, throughout the game.
Charges are possible at the conclusion of the investigation.
Charges are quite reasonable.
Charges are reasonable and made on an activity by activity basis.
Charges are reasonable, and there are several companies offering hire equipment.
Charges are reasonable.
Charges are signifcantly higher for cancellations or changes less than one month in advance.
Charges are significantly higher if entering after that time.
Charges are significantly lower than fees charged by private physicians.
Charges are slightly higher for international customers.
Charges are still pending against four others.
Charges are subject to an hourly rate with a half-hour minimum.
Charges are subject to annual revision and administrative waiver.
Charges are subject to change at any time.
Charges are subject to change without notice.
Charges are subject to change without prior notice.
Charges are subject to change.
Charges are subject to periodic change.
Charges are subject to revision without prior notice.
Charges are substantially higher when the car is refueled by the car rental company.
Charges are the responsibility of the sponsoring organization.
Charges are the same as all other submissions.
Charges are the same as an office visit.
Charges are the same as for a non-enrolled student.
Charges are the same as for local calls.
Charges are the same as for other graduate courses.
Charges are the same as for other undergraduate courses.
Charges are the same as mail order, go read a catalogue if necessary.
Charges are the same as photocopies above.
Charges are the same at all copy centers.
Charges are the same for all participants.
Charges are the same for both singles and doubles and no rooms are available without board.
Charges are the same regardless of the amount of time used.
Charges are the same whether enrolled for credit or non-credit.
Charges are the symbols placed on the field.
Charges are time-based.
Charges are to be dropped.
Charges are to be paid at the time material is picked up.
Charges are to be paid in full for all animals treated and discharged the same day.
Charges are to be paid on a monthly basis in a currency in which billed.
Charges are to be paid on a monthly basis in the currency in which billed.
Charges are to be paid on a monthly or annual basis in the currency in which billed.
Charges are to include labor and supply costs directly associated with the applicable service.
Charges are unallowable under the terms and conditions of the grant.
Charges are usually by the hour, month, or year.
Charges are valid only for shipments within the continental U.S., excluding Hawaii and Alaska.
Charges are variable.
Charges are very competitive when compared with commercial audio-visual rental houses.
Charges are very different.
Charges are very reasonable and only payable if the research is successful.
Charges are very reasonable for all.
Charges are yet to be confirmed.
Charges assessed by the mover for providing a binding estimate are reimbursable.
Charges balance out and none of the atoms has any charge.
Charges begin after an attorney has been engaged.
Charges begin at the time it is determined the item is in a student room.
Charges begin from the date the equipment is picked up by or delivered to the requesting department.
Charges begin from the minute each line is connected with the bridge.
Charges begin on the day an animal comes in.
Charges begin upon receipt and end upon return of equipment.
Charges begin when the called telephone or switchboard answers.
Charges begin when the contract is signed.
Charges begin with the fourth visit and are at rates below community rates.
Charges begin with the fourth visit and are based on an hourly rate.
Charges begin with the scheduled test time.
Charges below are per hour.
Charges blow, towers start to lean, then faster, then smoke and dust.
Charges build up on feeding equipment or small currents enter at each cow hoof.
Charges build up on ungrounded surfaces.
Charges calculated are estimates only.
Charges Calculates atom-centred charges using a variety of algorithms.
Charges can add up quickly so check backpacks and pickets for payment reminders.
Charges can also flow freely through some materials.
Charges can attach to specific property, or be floating charges over all the debtor's property.
Charges can be a red flag for mismanaged companies.
Charges can be competitive with major calling cards.
Charges can be considerably cheaper than booking by phone.
Charges can depend on the time period, the level of usage and the speed of connection.
Charges can even vary by price.
Charges can exist only on the surface of a conductor.
Charges can flow through a metal with very little resistance.
Charges can include installation, wiring, monthly service, optional services, etc.
Charges can include several things.
Charges can move through any of several paths.
Charges can range from negligence and breach of duty to wrongful termination and sexual harassment.
Charges can result in suspension or expulsion from the university.
Charges can vary depending on the condition of the original information.
Charges can vary from very reasonable to prohibitive.
Charges can vary so ring around and ask what they charge.
Charges carry their own magnetic force, too.
Charges change into light when a lamp is turned on.
Charges clients a placement fee for matches.
Charges come in two varieities, positive and negative, and so charges can attracte or repel.
Charges continue to be brought against people who have peacefully expressed their views.
Charges continue to be laid.
Charges continue until the automatic log off.
Charges cover connect time and telecommunication costs.
Charges cover expenses necessary to reproduce, package, ship, and handle the video.
Charges cover insertion, handling and distribution.
Charges cover only postage and handling.
Charges cover stuffing, handling and distribution.
Charges cover telephone costs, including long distance.
Charges depend on delivery mode, location, and other factors.
Charges depend on event and venue.
Charges depend on group size, age of skaters and length of lesson.
Charges depend on materials used.
Charges depend on scale, length and modification.
Charges depend on style, materials and turnaround time.
Charges depend on the cost of the database's connect time and royalty charges.
Charges depend on the delivery medium chosen and the speed of delivery.
Charges depend on the service requested, and users are billed at the completion of the service.
Charges depend on the time it takes to complete an appraisal, including research when needed.
Charges depend on the weight and where it is to be shipped.
Charges depend on weight and location.
Charges depend upon size and quantity of materials.
Charges depend upon the distance needed to travel.
Charges depend upon the event or trip.
Charges depends on the extent of services.
Charges differ depending on dosimeter type.
Charges differ depending on the type of information being queried.
Charges differ for special printers and in non-CIT labs.
Charges do apply for overdue, lost, damaged, or unreturned materials.
Charges do apply for some services.
Charges do apply if the site becomes heavily used.
Charges do apply when requesting an article online.
Charges do apply.
Charges drop for longer periods.
Charges Enter the FULL charge for the service.
Charges Enter the total charge for each line item.
Charges exert forces on one another.
Charges experience an electric field and move accordingly.
Charges fall into two categories - application fees and processing fees.
Charges fee with refund guarantee.
Charges filed in an indictment supersede the previous charges.
Charges filed today include having sexual relations with three patients.
Charges flow faster in thin wire.
Charges flow from the outlet to the bottom of generator.
Charges flow in the adjacent conductor.
Charges flow through a capacitor.
Charges fly fast and thick.
Charges have a much greater affect in a polar solvent than in a non-polar solvent.
Charges have to be increased to recover the loss or else there has to be some alternatives.
Charges have yet to be filed but the spa has been shut down.
Charges have yet to be filed in British Columbia.
Charges have yet to be filed.
Charges identified as unofficial are to be reimbursed by the caller.
Charges imposed by the lending library are the responsibility of the person requesting the loan.
Charges increase depending on the number of equipment pieces and the complexity of the set-up.
Charges increase when an operator is involved.
Charges increase when courses are added.
Charges increase when fuel costs go up.
Charges increase when they take to the air.
Charges incurred are for materials only.
Charges incurred are the responsibility of the patient.
Charges incurred for medical services provided off-campus are the responsibility of the student.
Charges incurred in registering the domain name are extra.
Charges involving heroin can carry a stiffer penalty.
Charges lag where electrostatic forces continue propagating.
Charges listed are for standard sized rooms.
Charges listed below are by the semester, and are based on full-time status.
Charges listed below are in addition to normal delivery charges.
Charges made directly by guests without conference authorization are the guest's responsibility.
Charges made for damaged lost or mutilated materials are non-refundable.
Charges made for participation in saltwater fishing tournaments are subject to tax.
Charges move by themselves.
Charges moving in the magnetic field cause a force opposing motion.
Charges now Apply until sponsors are found.
Charges only apply when printing or purchasing a diskette.
Charges payable quarterly in advance.
Charges pending which are likely to extend the current episode are ignored.
Charges placed on an isolated conductor always reside on the surface.
Charges produce electric fields.
Charges quoted are for standard media formats listed above.
Charges quoted are the minimum four hourly charge.
Charges quoted are to be treated as trade prices.
Charges quoted below are for single unit installations .
Charges quoted here are UK ex.
Charges range from bribery to tax violations to obstruction of justice.
Charges range from frank propositions to comments about being overweight and needing makeup.
Charges range from looting and disorderly conduct to inciting a riot and theft.
Charges range from manipulating kids in public schools to profiting off the Holocaust.
Charges range from per square footage, hourly or as a percentage of the projected budget.
Charges range from traffic offenses to murder.
Charges reach their equilibrium positions rapidly because the electric force is extremely strong.
Charges recover all costs of inspecting and sampling companies with such discharges.
Charges relate to various allegations of leaking state secrets.
Charges relating to domestic terrorism are relatively rare in Central Florida.
Charges remove choices.
Charges reside on water drops, ice particles, or both.
Charges respond to differences in potential in a similar way.
Charges scruff into furnace, and ignites gas burner with torch.
Charges Searching the archives is always free.
Charges seem to vary from place to place.
Charges show up in the users' monthly phone bills.
Charges shown above are for advertising space only.
Charges shown are in addition to any applicable telecommunications carrier charges.
Charges Shown are monthly subscription rates and subject to local sales taxes.
Charges shown are per minute, billed by the second.
Charges shown below are for one-way travel.
Charges slow down as they go through a resistor.
Charges start second day after invoice date to allow for some shipping time.
Charges still apply, even if the result is minimal or negative.
Charges transfer fees without adequate disclosure.
Charges typically generate little revenue in any case.
Charges users a one-time fee for new connections.
Charges vary according to a person's income.
Charges vary according to class, season, services available and locality.
Charges vary according to family and appetite sizes, along with types of ingredients used.
Charges vary according to length of run and extent of service.
Charges vary according to material type.
Charges vary according to mileage and contract terms.
Charges vary according to number of designs and style of embroidery and dress ordered.
Charges vary according to plan and whether the coverage is group or individual.
Charges vary according to port speed.
Charges vary according to product requested.
Charges vary according to requirements.
Charges vary according to services.
Charges vary according to size of room and type of organization hiring.
Charges vary according to the funding source and type of equipment ordered.
Charges vary according to the lending agency.
Charges vary according to the magnitude of the task.
Charges vary according to the number of key cores that have to be changed.
Charges vary according to the number of pages and the distance of the call.
Charges vary according to the size of box desired.
Charges vary according to the type of accommodation requested.
Charges vary according to the type of service and the credentials of the staff person providing it.
Charges vary according to weekdays or weekend use.
Charges vary according to weight and distance shipped.
Charges vary according to weight.
Charges vary across the state, and some counties give out reports free.
Charges vary and are listed with the pricing section for each individual product.
Charges vary and are on a sliding-fee scale.
Charges vary and are paid directly by the end-user.
Charges vary as to the size of group and airport.
Charges vary based on computer time, labor, media, and delivery costs.
Charges vary based on the complexity and volume of music to be cleared.
Charges vary based on vaccines given and services provided.
Charges vary based upon requirements.
Charges vary by actual document length.
Charges vary by carrier.
Charges vary by country.
Charges vary by designated long distance carrier.
Charges vary by destination.
Charges vary by individual paper.
Charges vary by job.
Charges vary by program.
Charges vary by season.
Charges vary by state and serving area.
Charges vary by state.
Charges vary by the type of library.
Charges vary by the type of vehicle used.
Charges vary by time of day - less in off peak periods and more during congested periods.
Charges vary considerably from airline to airline and from agent to agent.
Charges vary depending on facilities provided.
Charges vary depending on lending library.
Charges vary depending on package size and weight.
Charges vary depending on size of truck.
Charges vary depending on the class.
Charges vary depending on the complexity of the page.
Charges vary depending on the conference and the location.
Charges vary depending on the course content, length, and administrative cost.
Charges vary depending on the database and the amount of information retrieved.
Charges vary depending on the database.
Charges vary depending on the exhibits.
Charges vary depending on the level of difficulty.
Charges vary depending on the number of participants and the instrument selected for the assessment.
Charges vary depending on the printer selected.
Charges vary depending on the research involved.
Charges vary depending on the type of page, and the wealth of the client.
Charges vary depending on who is providing the services and their level of expertise.
Charges vary depending upon rush order turn around time.
Charges vary depending upon size, weight and destination.
Charges vary depending upon the nature of the project or institution requesting the data.
Charges vary depending upon the resources utilized.
Charges vary depending upon where the registrations are obtained.
Charges vary depending upon work involved.
Charges vary for multi-disc sets and, again, are based on the weight of the items.
Charges vary from a set charge per hour to a monthly fee for unlimited connection time.
Charges vary from class to class.
Charges vary from library to library.
Charges vary from one presentation package to another depending on what is requested.
Charges vary greatly.
Charges vary on the activity etc - please telephone for details or free brochure.
Charges vary on the type of activity.
Charges vary taking into consideration the time of reconnection.
Charges vary widely and are generally different for single and regular contributions.
Charges vary widely and some require fees for membership, handling and shipping.
Charges vary widely depending on degree of difficulty and miles traveled.
Charges vary with each item.
Charges vary with each lot.
Charges vary with each publication.
Charges vary with scope of work that is being done.
Charges vary with the items being shipped and their destination.
Charges vary with the number of references retrieved.
Charges vary with the repairs needed.
Charges vary with the services provided.
Charges vary with the type of goods and facilities used.
Charges vary with the type of service and the ship to address.
Charges vary with time of day.
Charges vary with usage.
Charges vary, also depending on the local library.
Charges vary, based on each individual library's policy.
Charges vary, can be supplied upon request.
Charges vary, depending on locality, experience, and specialisation.
Charges vary, depending on the number of exchanges per week, etc.
Charges vary, depending upon the services requested and if any additional POP accounts are required.
Charges vary, open year round.
Charges vary, so call for an informational brochure.
Charges vary, some are free.
Charge always comes in an integral multiple of a basic unit - it is quantized .
Charges always take the shortest, easiest path.
Charges usually occur with articles in journals in the subject areas of sciences and medicine.
Charges usually take the form of a percentage fee based on the value of the fund.
All charge dates that follow occur on the same day of the month. .
All charges appear on the customer's next credit card statement.
All charges apply to the continental U.S. only.
All charges are a flat rate.
All charges are accusations and the defendant is presumed innocent until proven guilty.
All charges are allegations and the defendants are presumed innocent until proven guilty.
All Charges are applicable and refunded with the first order.
All charges are applicable on a per person basis.
All charges are class C felonies.
All charges are class C felony violations.
All charges are costs are approximate and are subject to change.
All charges are due and payable at registration.
All charges are due and payable at the time of registration.
All charges are due and payable on or before registration or whenever they are incurred.
All charges are due and payable on or before the date of registration for each term.
All charges are due and payable on or before the first day of each semester.
All charges are due and payable prior to the first day of each summer session.
All charges are due and payable thirty days from the monthly statement date .
All charges are due and payable upon occurrence.
All charges are due and payable upon receipt of invoice.
All charges are due and payable upon receipt of the invoice.
All charges are due and payable upon receipt of the statement.
All charges are due as billed.
All charges are due at check-in.
All charges are due at the time of registration.
All charges are due at the time of service.
All charges are due in full at registration unless otherwise noted in fee information.
All charges are due on invoice and are payable in full before the course start date.
All charges are due upon completion of the project.
All charges are due upon receipt of statement.
All charges are exclusive of tax.
All charges are for a maximum of four hours.
All charges are for labor only.
All charges are for labor.
All charges are for the reasonable cost of materials only.
All charges are hourly unless otherwise noted.
All charges are in addition to the basic service charges above.
All charges are in Australian dollars.
All charges are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise specified.
All charges are in Canadian dollars.
All charges are in cents per ton, except as otherwise noted.
All charges are in euros.
All charges are in pounds sterling.
All charges are in U.S. currency.
All charges are in U.S. dollars.
All charges are in U.S. funds.
All charges are in UK pounds sterling.
All charges are in UK pounds.
All charges are in United States currency.
All charges are inclusive of a reasonable search.
All charges are inclusive of value added tax.
All charges are likely to change without prior notice.
All charges are misdemeanors.
All charges are monthly with the exception of the set-up fee.
All charges are non refundable.
All charges are non-refundable.
All charges are on a monthly basis.
All charges are payable at registration.
All charges are payable by credit card.
All charges are payable in advance and are non-refundable.
All charges are payable in advance or when the materials are received.
All charges are payable in advance.
All charges are payable in full two weeks before the first day of class for each semester.
All charges are payable in local currency at the official exchange rate.
All charges are payable in U.S. currency.
All charges are payable locally upon arrival in local currency unless specified in the price panel.
All charges are payable monthly, quarterly, or yearly.
All charges are payable on demand.
All charges are payable upon receipt of statement.
All charges are payable within five working days of the date reservation is made.
All Charges are per gift, per address .
All charges are per hour unless stated otherwise.
All charges are per person.
All charges are per shipment.
All charges are portal to portal.
All charges are pro-rated.
All charges are shown, there are no hidden costs.
All charges are subject to applicable state and local taxes.
All charges are subject to applicable taxes.
All charges are subject to change as required by increased costs.
All charges are subject to change due to increase in the official fees or fluctuations of currency.
All charges are subject to change due to individual circumstances.
All charges are subject to change for special events and tournaments.
All charges are subject to change without notice.
All charges are subject to change without notices.
All charges are subject to change without notification.
All charges are subject to change without prior notice.
All charges are subject to change without prior notification.
All charges are subject to change.
All charges are subject to correction, if necessary, following audit.
All charges are subject to correction.
All charges are subject to Florida sales and resort taxes.
All charges are subject to provincial and federal sales taxes.
All charges are subject to reasonable and customary limits.
All charges are subject to review by the authorized officer as part of the compliance check process.
All charges are subject to state and local taxes, if applicable.
All charges are subject to state and local taxes.
All charges are subject to subsequent audit.
All charges are the responsibility of the claimant.
All charges are the responsibility of the patient, regardless of the insurance provider.
All charges are to be paid as services are rendered.
All charges are to be paid in the currency in which billed.
All charges are to be prepaid.
All charges are up front and based on usage per minute.
All charges are weekly.
All charges based on actual attendance or guarantee, whichever is greater.
All charges below are for internal use only.
All charges carry seven years in prison.
All charges comply to the rules herein.
All charges continue until the student checks out properly.
All charges cover a full one year period.
All charges exclude applicable taxes.
All charges exclude travelling or shipping.
All charges exhibit strong chemical zoning.
All charges have to be prepaid.
All charges incurred are the responsibility of the student or parent.
All charges incurred are the responsibility of the student.
All charges incurred are the responsibility of the user.
All charges incurred are to be paid by the individuals upon check-out.
All charges incurred due to a lost or stolen ticket are the responsibility of the passenger.
All charges incurred during a semester are payable immediately.
All Charges Listed Above Are For One Way Charges.
All charges listed are for normally scheduled operating hours.
All charges listed below are monthly fees.
All charges listed include standard sales tax and delivery charges.
All charges made on the corporate card are the responsibility of the employee.
All charges occur at the completion of any auction.
All charges quoted are in Singapore dollars and are subject to amendments.
All charges related to the student's enrollment are to be paid as of the date of withdrawal.
All charges remain the same as usual.
All charges shown are subject to change without prior notice.
All charges shown on the open rates line chart are for consecutive insertions.
All charges stem from the respondent's Wisconsin felony criminal convictions for theft.
Any charge is bled off at a controlled rate, preventing an electrical overstress.
Any charges are simply to offset our expenses for a special item .
Any charges incurred are the responsibility of the account holder.
Any charges incurred are to be paid by the requestor.
Any charges incurred at our machines are from the card issuer.
Any charges incurred for laboratory procedures are the responsibility of the patient.
Any charges incurred for such services are the responsibility of the student.
Any charges incurred for working with a faulty master are the responsibility of the customer.
Any charges placed on a student account reflect the cost to repair or replace the item in question.
Every charge is dealt with vigorously by their high powered lawyers.
Every charge is therefore either a source or a sink.
Many charges are animals, which can be drawn in a variety of poses.
Many charges placed through billing aggregators are perfectly legitimate.
More charges are likely in the wake of a fatal motorcyle accident in Blacksburg.
More charges are pending, including two counts of lewd and lascivious acts upon a child.
More charges are pending.
More charges are possible .
More charges are possible.
Most charge absorbs energy.
Most charge absorbs photon energy.
Most charge applies to customers.
Most charge creates electricity.
Most charge depends on voltage.
Most charge generates fields.
Most charge generates magnetic fields.
Most charge has effects.
Most charge has energy.
Most charge has imaginary values.
Most charge has potential energy.
Most charge has values.
Most charge loses energy.
Most charge loses potential energy.
Most charge passes through batteries.
Most charge passes through circuits.
Most charge passes through electrolytes.
Most charge passes through solid electrolytes.
Most charge possesses energy.
Most charge possesses potential energy.
Most charge produces fields.
Most charge produces forces.
Most charge produces magnetic fields.
Most charge produces magnetic forces.
Most charge provides electrical energy.
Most charge provides energy.
Most charge uses energy.
Most charges are dual-filed under both state and federal law.
Most charges are for possession of drugs, trafficking and possession for the purpose of trafficking.
Most charges are now misdemeanors.
Most charges are on a per person rate, except at ocean beaches where fees are charged per car.
Most charges are over in just a few seconds.
Most charges end here with one of the males backing down and running away.
Most charges stop short.
Some charges usually apply.
Some charge attracts dust.
Some charge causes damage.
Some charge contains oxygen.
Some charge has alternate paths.
Some charge has components.
Some charge has critical components.
Some charge has electric fields.
Some charge has fields.
Some charge has magnetic fields.
Some charge has paths.
Some charge involves manipulation.
Some charge is generated by crystal.
Some charge passes through conductors.
Some charge passes through homes.
Some charge reflects deduction.
Some charge requires evidence.
Some charge requires types.
Some charges apply for special events and some special services.
Some charges apply to all manuscripts published in the Frontiers in Bioscience.
Some charges apply.
Some charges are compulsory for all students.
Some charges are negotiable .
Some charges are over a year old.
Some charges do apply.
Some charges feature military subjects such as scaling ladders, arrows or other weapons.
Some charges require being placed on probation.
Chargeable distances are higher and are indicated in the fares section.
Chargeable hours is easy.
Chargeable polymer shows helical structure.
All chargeable repairs are at user's expense.
All chargeable work is authorized through a physical plant work order.
Chargeback systems offer consumers important, tangible protection when paying with credit cards.
Chargeback work is done only within a given unit's area of service responsibilities.
Charged batteries can give off heat and harmful gases.
Charged batteries give two hours of light with full charge.
Charged fences can perform poorly in hot, dry weather.
Charged ion combines with opposite charge to neutralize.
Charged ions interact with each other due to electrostatic attraction or repulsion.
Charged items can re-create some of the skills and spells of other classes.
Charged materials attracting uncharged materials produces static cling.
Charged molecules move through a gel when an electric current is passed through it.
Charged objects attract neutral objects.
Charged objects attract some neutral objects.
Charged objects do the same thing.
Charged particle Shows the motion of a charged particle in an electro-magnetic field.
Charged particles are at the basis of all electricity.
Charged particles can disrupt computer memories.
Charged particles have a considerable influence on the surface properties of Galilean moons.
Charged particles leave marks as they cross photographic plates.
Charged surfaces can attract and hold contaminants, making removal from the environment difficult.
Charged surfaces repel and consequently the interaction between particles is affected.
Charged things attract uncharged things.
Charged tracks can be candidate pions, neutral clusters can be candidate photons.
Charger plates serve no purpose other than adding beauty to a formal table.
A charger is a mount
Charger detects batteries that have open cells or are below a safe charging level.
Charger features a built-in discharger for conditioning cycle.
Charger is avaiable here .
Charger is in a boarding facility because the rescue is full.
Charger is included with the kit.
Charger is used as a docking station for transferring data through an infrared port to a computer.
Charger works only intermittently.
Chargers are also available as well as electric motors.
Chargers are available in single or multi station styles.
Chargers are devices.
Chargers are too feisty.
Chargers can, however, get out of adjustment.
Chargers have auto-reset circuit break and a strong steel case.
Chargers report, community information, and more.
Chargers trickle charge the batteries while parked, or hard charge when needed while in use.
All chargers are available for all models.
All chargers supply a specified maximum current to ALL batteries.
Most chargers continue to charge after charge lights extinguish.
Some chargers accomplish the balance by charging each cell independently.
Some chargers also incorporate a discharger which facilitiates the flattening process.
Some chargers can now completely drain the batteries before recharging to avoid that problem.
Some chargers contain a meter instead of an indicator light.
Some chargers discharge the battery prior to charging it.
Some chargers have the capability of charging both lead acid and gel cell batteries.
Charichel residents have exclusive use of the swimming pool and children's pool.
A chariot is carriage
Chariot isa container.
Chariot rides on selected evenings.
Chariot runs on the existing hardware companies already have running in their networks.
Chariots are also another good addtion to the high elf army.
Chariots are also rather terrain dependent.
Chariots are carriage.
Chariots are cars.
Chariots are for conveyance and progress.
Chariots are pulled by horses.
Chariots are pulled by white horses.
Chariots are the most valuable pieces, being worth about twice as much as a Cannon.
Chariots become lighter, stronger and faster.
Chariots carry a soldier with the farthest range on land.
Chariots have (part) brakes.
Chariots have (part) sections.
Chariots have (part) wheels.
Chariots have to be moved forward, never backwards.
Chariots move like the Rook in Western Chess, that is, any number of squares along a row or column.
Most chariots are pulled by horses.
Most chariots are pulled by white horses.
A charioteer is a driver
Charioteers have the ability to conquer things.
Charisma is attractiveness
Charisma is interest
Charisma isa beauty.
Charisma isa quality.
Charisma wields an authority derived from belief only, and it is as radical as it is personal.
Charismatic authority is based on attributions given to an individual by the society.
Charismatic authority is defined and explored along with the motivation of such leaders.
Charismatic authority stems from the personal qualities of an individual.
Charismatic churches focus on the Holy Spirit.
Most charismatic churches believe in and practice the gift of tongues.
Charismatic experience is less distinctive than it is sometimes made out.
Charismatic individuals can sometimes still make things happen.
Charismatic leaders are problematic in a democracy.
Charismatic leaders can inspire and create excitement.
Charismatic leaders create drama, but they sometimes flame out or make big mistakes.
Charismatic leaders don' t get bogged down in detail.
Charismatic leaders have almost mystical attraction for followers.
Charismatic leaders have an almost childlike faith in their vision., They truly believe in change.
Charismatic leaders motivate their follows to act on faith, trust and commitment.
Charismatic leaders push.
Charismatic leaders respect the personal space and time of others.
Charismatic leaders rise to power by their skill at invoking guilt in followers.
Charismatic people are true listeners.
Charismatic people capture attention the moment they enter the room.
Charismatic people reduce complex ideas into simple messages.
Charismatic people speak emotionally about putting themselves on the line.
Charismatic people stand out in a crowd.
Charismatic power is gleaned by becoming entertainers.
Charismatic visionaries lead people ahead-and sometimes astray.
Charismatic witches use personal prophecy to control others.
Any charitable act is love in motion and love needs no publicity, because love just is.
Charitable activities are a critical part of the activities of other clubs as well.
Charitable activity is another terriffic draw.
Charitable annuity trusts Charitable annuity trusts pay a fixed dollar annually.
Charitable appeals arrive almost daily in the mail.
Charitable assistance is a vital part of American generosity.
Charitable assistance is available both to transients and local residents.
Charitable bequests are an excellent part of an overall tax-plan.
Charitable bequests are easy to arrange.
Charitable bequests are estate tax deductible.
Charitable bequests are exempt from estate taxes.
Charitable bequests are fully deductible for federal estate tax purposes.
Charitable bequests are fully deductible in determining estate taxes.
Charitable bequests are normally deductible in full for estate tax purposes.
Charitable bequests can often be an integral part of a comprehensive, tax-wise plan.
All charitable bequests are fully tax deductible.
All charitable bequests are tax deductible in full.
Most charitable bequests are outright and absolute.
Charitable care is available when needed.
Charitable causes receive support in more spontaneous manners, as needs arise.
Charitable choice allows the use of religious language.
Charitable choice creates several loopholes in federal protections for workers.
Charitable choice expands the opportunities for faith-based organizations to serve.
Charitable choice is already law for welfare and two other federal programs.
Charitable choice is just one of the lingering questions in the faith-based debate.
Charitable choice presents other problems.
Charitable choice represents the final step in that process.
Charitable choice threatens the most fundamental understandings of church and state separation.
Charitable contributions account for a small portion of most companies financial activities.
Charitable contributions are a critical revenue source to the institutions.
Charitable contributions are a good place to start.
Charitable contributions are deuctible to the full extent permitted by law.
Charitable contributions are tax deductible to the full extent of the law.
Charitable contributions are tax deductible.
Charitable contributions support our programs in medical education and research.
All charitable contributions are tax-deductible.
Most charitable contributions are gifts of cash for which the donor receives a full tax deduction.
Charitable deductions reduce the price of giving and in turn induce taxpayers to give more.
Charitable donations are an important underpinning that supports our general operations.
Charitable donations attract generous tax breaks in the United States.
All charitable donations are income tax deductible.
All charitable donations are subject to review upon written request.
All charitable donations are tax deductible.
All charitable donations are welcome.
All charitable donations go directly to program delivery.
Most charitable donations are tax deductible.
Any charitable endeavor requires the same.
Charitable foundations have a profound stake in maintaining the estate tax.
Most charitable foundations exist to give away money.
Charitable gaming is big business in Michigan.
Charitable gift trusts.
Charitable gifts are completely exempt from gift and estate taxes.
Charitable gifts are tax deductible.
Charitable gifts are unlimited.
Charitable gifts are wonderful.
Charitable gifts can be a profitable addition to such living trusts.
Charitable gifts can be a rewarding addition to living trusts.
Charitable gifts can be an important part of the retirement planning process.
Charitable gifts can be rewarding additions to living trusts.
Charitable gifts made during one's lifetime provide a dual tax advantage.
Most charitable gifts are very small.
Charitable givers say there are more important issues to support than asthma.
Some charitable groups employ paid solicitors instead of using volunteers.
Some charitable groups send unsolicited token gifts with a request for a return donation.
Charitable immunity protects nonprofit organizations from liability.
Charitable institutions are eligible to the extent they serve needy persons.
Charitable intent continues to provide the most important motivation for making a planned gift.
Charitable involvement includes donations to the local schools and sports teams.
Charitable Lead Trusts Back to top of page.
Charitable options have unique characteristics.
Charitable organisations lack professionalism.
Charitable organizations accept a wide range of items, from old books to computers to furniture.
Charitable organizations are generally better at delivering direct services.
Charitable organizations call to find out how they can help.
Charitable organizations can obtain a lotteries licence.
Charitable organizations depend upon individual donors to a large degree.
Charitable organizations evolve through cycles of growth, maturity and, sometimes, decline.
Charitable organizations serve the interests of both the individual and the community.
Charitable organizations sponsor trips to serve needs in under-developed countries.
Charitable organizations use FACs for self evaluation.
Every charitable organization has a different story to tell.
Many charitable organizations collect funds door to door.
Many charitable organizations fail to adequately research their potential donors.
Many charitable organizations have similar names.
Many charitable organizations hold volunteer recruitment fairs in their communities.
Most charitable organizations deserve our generous support.
Most charitable organizations deserve our generous.
Most charitable organizations seek to attract endowment gifts.
Some charitable organizations dispense food to the needy.
Charitable outcomes raise false confidence, and that is dangerous.
Charitable planning is another area of emphasis.
Charitable programs serve to assist people live healthier lives.
Charitable purposes is taken to mean purposes that are exclusively charitable.
Charitable receipts are available upon request.
Charitable receipts are available.
Charitable remainder trusts Charitable remainder trusts are personalized management plans.
Charitable remainder trusts unrelated business income.
Charitable solicitations are at an all-time high during the holidays.
Charitable status is essential for effective fundraising.
Charitable status is pending.
Charitable support is critically important.
Charitable trust is trust
Charitable trust is trust.
Charitable trusts allow passage of assets to charity in various ways.
Charitable trusts are an attractive giving option because both the donor and the charity benefit.
Charitable trusts are another type of irrevocable trust created by people with a lot of money.
Charitable trusts are flexible enough to meet the donor's needs and objectives.
Charitable trusts are irrevocable.
Charitable trusts are nonreversible and complex.
Charitable trusts are subject to complex rules affecting income tax, gift tax and estate tax.
Charitable trusts can be in the form on an annuity or a unitrust.
Charitable trusts can often increase income to a donor from an appreciated asset.
Charitable trusts make it possible to move assets into a trust.
Charitable trusts minimize federal income and estate taxation.
Charitable trusts offer donors several tax and income benefits.
Charitable trusts offer several advantages.
Charitable trusts vary broadly in terms of their intended purpose.
Charitable walks are a common method of fund-raising.
Charitable work represents an excellent occasion to form the human being.
Charity care is a deduction against projected net revenues.
Charity care is available to U.S. citizens and to legal, permanent residents of the United States.
Charity care is the price they have to pay to get the capital.
Charity fraud is another popular scam.
Charity fraud is real, and it is being carried out even today.
Some charity groups accept old cars as charitable contributions.
Charity organizations benefit respectively from end user participation.
Charity organizations make collective ceremonies for poor boys and orphans.
Many charity organizations use outside fundraising companies to increase contributions.
Some charity organizations feature microcredit as one of their services.
Charity rallies provide just that.
Charity shops are second hand shops which are often quite cheap.
Charity shops straddle a boundary between commercial retailing and the voluntary sector.
Charity work belongs to church, community and family.
Charity work is a priority, too.
All charity work is the reponsibility of members in each locality.
All charity work is the responsibility of members in each locality.
Charities also have agendas beyond their stated causes.
Charities also have direct access to the primary target market donors and lapsed donors.
Charities also rely upon financial support.
Charities also work with businesses that want to transfer used or surplus goods.
Charities appreciate the sites as a fresh source of money.
Charities approach reporters with stories about clients made good.
Charities are a necessary part of any economic social system.
Charities are also strictly limited in the amount of lobbying that they can conduct.
Charities are big business.
Charities are common.
Charities are equally pleased with new sources of revenue.
Charities are free to set their own rules of benevolence, of course.
Charities are really good.
Charities are selfish, and rightly so.
Charities benefit because donors can donate any time they are at their computer.
Charities benefit because they can be reached by impulse and small donors at their computers.
Charities call for new exemptions The vulnerable are struggling and charities are overwhelmed.
Charities can advertise their jobs free of charge.
Charities can also make minor changes through their tax services office.
Charities can also offer statistical information.
Charities can also reach a much broader audience of potential buyers over the Internet.
Charities can also use the web to develop relationships with supporters online.
Charities can hold debt instruments as part of their investment portfolios.
Charities can offer donations online with etax receipts.
Charities can only issue receipts for the fair market value of gifts of art.
Charities can register for free at the site to connect with donors.
Charities can sometimes raise needed funds more readily by loans rather than gifts.
Charities can still raise substantial sums and, importantly, be welcomed back year after year.
Charities can then send their supporters directly to our site from their home page.
Charities can use it for soliciting donations.
Charities carry out their option plans in several ways.
Charities change from year to year, which are decided by the RaG committee on an annual basis.
Charities Click on charities for details.
Charities Click on the first letter of the resource name .
Charities come after the tenth.
Charities complain that government rules make it tougher to help people.
Charities credit the strong economy, caring citizens and a temporary improvement in tax incentives.
Charities have a special status and advantages under the law.
Charities have an obligation to provide detailed information to interested donors.
Charities have local, regional, national or, even, international missions.
Charities have LOTS of supporters.
Charities have radically different missions, records of accomplishment rand rates of efficiency.
Charities have the right to solicit contributions of time and money in pursuit of their missions.
Charities have the right to solicit time and money in pursuit of their missions.
CHarities have to gain an understanding of how people use the Net.
Charities have web sites, as do most medium sized and large businesses.
Charities help anti-bullying.
Charities help atone for the over-institutionalization of the event.
Charities issue receipts for most donations.
Charities know that giving stimulates more giving.
Charities know that government money is always there for the taking.
Charities know that.
Charities lobby openly and aboveboard, without mystery or drama.
Charities lobby without bells and whistles.
Charities lose funds.
Charities meet local needs.
Charities offer coupon books to raise money offering excellent discounts for meals and activities.
Charities operating in New York are more limited in equity investments.
Charities pay a yearly registration fee based on their total support and revenue for the past year.
Charities play an invaluable role in American society.
Charities provide vital services in our communities.
Charities raffle off things all the time.
Charities receive funds for a term of years.
Charities receive grants based on applications, or donor initiatives.
Charities refer to their beneficiaries.
Charities references Charitable trusts references.
Charities regularly use the estate for fund-raisers.
Charities rely on the goodwill of volunteers to keep running.
Charities represent highly favorable vehicles in which to invest wealth.
Charities run the stadium's facilities, and off-duty police provide security at low rates.
Charities say the chicken sales are a major source of income.
Charities say the problems extend beyond complexity, however.
Charities share, sell and rent mailing lists.
Charities sign up for free to be added to their database.
Charities stretch every dollar available to provide maximum value to their communities.
Charities tend to almost deify all poor, regardless of their lifestyles and beliefs.
Charities thrive on good publicity as well as money.
Charities try to operate efficiently.
Charities use online shopping and auctions to raise money.
Charities use statistics to encourage donations.
Charities using the service describe it as another way to reach out to all-important donors.
Charities welcome unwanted clothes, furniture, toys, books and magazines.
Charity addresses problems that already exist.
Charity also means charity of spirit.
Charity bears all things, beleives all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
Charity bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
Charity becomes a crime.
Charity becomes a part of the publicity or propaganda budget.
Charity becomes a way to shrug off our responsibility.
Charity becomes dynamic when it's related to social change.
Charity begins at home - with coffee mornings, bed races and sponsored window cleaning.
Charity begins at home and in privately owned diners.
Charity begins at home and pretty well ends there too.
Charity begins at home, and justice begins next door.
Charity begins at home, as the old saying goes.
Charity begins at home, but some folks believe there is a limit.
Charity begins at home, of course.
Charity begins at home. .
Charity begins at home.
Charity begins at the studio.
Charity begins by smiling at our neighbor.
Charity begins home.
Charity begins with the intestinal worms.
Charity breaks out in a rash and reluctantly decides to stay home.
Charity can be an expedient.
Charity can provide both.
Charity can take many forms.
Charity comes from the word 'caritas', which is the highest form of love.
Charity comes in many forms, both large and small.
Charity comes in various forms, and often springs from love.
Charity concerns the good of others.
Charity connotes a generosity of spirit giving of the rich to the poor.
Charity covereth a multitude of sins.
Charity covers a multitude of sins, but it also reveals a multitude of virtues.
Charity covers multitude of sins.
Charity creates a multitude of sins.
Charity dedicates to assistance.
Charity dedicates to awareness.
Charity dedicates to educational assistance.
Charity dedicates to provide assistance.
Charity dedicates to provide educational assistance.
Charity demands it.
Charity demands more than justice.
Charity depends far less on altruism than on shame and mass confusion.
Charity destroys human dignity and development.
Charity destroys the dignity of the receiver while it makes the giver selfrighteous.
Charity does a lot of yelling at Rate to get out.
Charity does part of the housework, when well.
Charity does start at home first.
Charity does, it seems, begin at home.
Charity ennobles the giver as it ameliorates the human condition.
Charity focuses on protection.
Charity gets a premonition of death.
Charity gets a shocking response from the jeweler.
Charity gets a wonderful gift.
Charity given anonymously is the best charity.
Charity gives way to politics.
Charity goes further at group rates .
Charity guarantees the existence of our civilisation.
Charity has a premonition of disaster for Grace at the engagement party.
Charity has a terrifying experience while home alone.
Charity has a very beautiful page with links to everything imaginable that is good and wholesome.
Charity has a way of spreading itself around.
Charity has use.
Charity having life in itself, is the opposite and destroyer of contempt as well as of hatred.
Charity helps children.
Charity helps disadvantage children.
Charity helps survivors.
Charity helps to open the gates to holiness.
Charity here insures a child is better educated to deal with the problems of a changing society.
Charity hides a multitude of sins.
Charity inspires the volunteer.
Charity is a basic tenet of the Jewish religion.
Charity is a beautiful word taken from the old French charitet, which means dearness.
Charity is a computer programming language.
Charity is a crippling thing.
Charity is a darling white female puppy, approximately one year old.
Charity is a degradation.
Charity is a fantastic heroine who is a role model for readers.
Charity is a foundation
Charity is a gifted pianist, organist, and soloist.
Charity is a good example.
Charity is a guiding principal of the Order.
Charity is a hallmark of the high moral ground occupied by all religions.
Charity is a major cause for gaining forgiveness and for repentance to be accepted.
Charity is a major journey from Georgetown.
Charity is a noble human motivation, but theft is a despicable one.
Charity is a noble impulse.
Charity is a personal virtue.
Charity is a poor translation, because charity is something voluntary.
Charity is a powerful step of shuvah and a wonderful way to remember a loved one.
Charity is a quality that is much greater than all the possessions associated with wealth.
Charity is a regular kinda chick.
Charity is a spirit of wishing well to our neighbor.
Charity is a stay at home Mom.
Charity is a subject that transcends party lines.
Charity is a two-way street.
Charity is a virtue that transcends party lines.
Charity is a virtue.
Charity is a way of life here and is extended to all with no distinction of caste or creed.
Charity is about giving.
Charity is alone again, the tough luck kid of the world., sad ending.
Charity is also active in well-doing.
Charity is also an institution or an organisation or fund established to help the needy.
Charity is also tyaga.
Charity is an attitude of the mind.
Charity is an important human and spiritual value.
Charity is an insult.
Charity is an integral part of all club tournaments, events and other endeavors.
Charity is an integral part of our global community.
Charity is an ordinance, but it is devoid of ceremony.
Charity is as much a part of our history as freedom or justice or independence.
Charity is as much a part of our history as freedom, justice or independence.
Charity is at once the means and the end of spirituality.
Charity is at the heart and core of Islamic living.
Charity is attained through a succession of acts that result in a conversion.
Charity is based on the theory of strong categorical datatypes.
Charity is basically Christian love, and is manifested in a million ways.
Charity is benevolence.
Charity is business, especially for public companies beholden to profit-hungry shareholders.
Charity is certainly greater than any rule.
Charity is charity and the millions of dollars given away are going to benefit society.
Charity is charity.
Charity is distinguished by the procedure, material, donor and acceptor.
Charity is elevated from a virtue to a justification for one's life.
Charity is equal in importance to all other commandments combined.
Charity is equivalent to all the other religious precepts combined.
Charity is eternal but the gifts are transitory.
Charity is ever kind.
Charity is for the sake of the truth.
Charity is for the sake of truth.
Charity is foundations.
Charity is full of cheer.
Charity is functional in style.
Charity is furnished with all sorts and stores.
Charity is giving.
Charity is good business.
Charity is good, but supporting and creating social change are about power.
Charity is good.
Charity is higher-order .
Charity is impossible in the absence of privately owned property.
Charity is in short supply nowadays.
Charity is in the heart of man, and righteousness in the path of men.
Charity is infused by the Holy Spirit in a moment.
Charity is injurious unless it helps the recipient to become independent of it.
Charity is institutionalized in America but it is far from common in other countries.
Charity is institutions.
Charity is just a bribe.
Charity is just one foot of our Christian walk.
Charity is kind.
Charity is love in action.
Charity is love moving outward, a movement of appreciation and benevolence.
Charity is love.
Charity is more than monetary.
Charity is neither weak nor blind.
Charity is no longer enough.
Charity is no part of the legislative duty of the government.
Charity is no solution to poverty.
Charity is no substitute for trade.
Charity is obviously important.
Charity is of course a mitzva every day.
Charity is of immediate importance.
Charity is one very good way to increase individual well-being in the short run.
Charity is our guide, but within that context, truth is our mandate.
Charity is private, individual acts.
Charity is put into practice in truth and justice.
Charity is really in love with a man who seems worth loving.
Charity is right.
Charity is satisfying and is generally non-controversial.
Charity is sickingly nice.
Charity is simply Christian love.
Charity is something else.
Charity is something one becomes.
Charity is that powerful.
Charity is the act that grows out of love.
Charity is the duty of individuals.
Charity is the essential lubricant in family relationships.
Charity is the first principle of our order .
Charity is the form of all virtues and the chain of perfection.
Charity is the foundation and bond of monastic communities.
Charity is the fundamental principle of our order.
Charity is the grand seasonage of every Christian duty.
Charity is the greatest social commandment.
Charity is the most illogical and pernicious of all weaknesses.
Charity is the mother of two sisters, patience and obedience.
Charity is the point where they meet, and the plan by which they act.
Charity is the practice of Christian attitudes.
Charity is the sole cause of the fame.
Charity is the visible fringe of mercy.
Charity is touched and the two close in for their first kiss.
Charity is undoubtedly important, but providing real jobs is better For picures etc.
Charity is usually the first stage, and destructionism, the last.
Charity is very important.
Charity is virtue.
Charity is worried.
Charity is. .
Charity isa institution.
Charity lies beyond obligation.
Charity makes a discovery regarding one of the artifacts.
Charity makes an interesting discovery in the garden.
Charity makes communities dependent upon aid.
Charity means pardoning the unpardonable, or it is no virtue at all.
Charity needs to be large, and consistent, if it is going to deal with large problems.
Charity needs to come from the heart.
Charity needs to feel legitimate again and claim a right to public resources.
Charity never faileth.
Charity never fails.
Charity never takes a holiday.
Charity now vaunteths itself.
Charity only maintains poverty by taking away the initiative from the poor.
Charity opens up new channels of wealth from above.
Charity proceeds from the heart.
Charity protects one from death.
Charity provides direct services like food, clothing, shelter.
Charity provides services.
Charity receives the remaining trust principal after the lifetime of the trust has expired.
Charity remains in a trance due to the pendant.
Charity remains the greatest good.
Charity responds to immediate needs.
Charity rounds out puddtgoods' offering.
Charity saves no one.
Charity says a lot about any religion.
Charity seeks to help others in their physical, spiritual and social needs.
Charity starts at home, they say.
Charity starts at home.
Charity starts from home.
Charity starts with oneself.
Charity steadfastly refuses to attack the conditions it seeks to ameliorate.
Charity strikes a bargain with nature and the other teens are finally rescued.
Charity suddenly screams that evil is coming to the prom.
Charity takes many forms.
Charity tends to support an unjust status quo .
Charity truly does begin at home in our own communities.
Charity urges just reforms.
Charity visits the 'Y' in an attempt to find culture and refinement and to meet new people.
Charity wears a rather skimpy bikini.
Charity wears a teddy bear charm on a necklace for good luck.
Charity wins It was more like a pep rally than a golf match.
Charity works with our adoptive families to put together their Indian dossier packet.
Charities often sound very much alike, but their qualities are often very different.
All charities can learn from their example.
All charities involve volunteers, even if it is confined to a trustee level.
All charities require money to operate many are just huge scams.
All charity tends to corrupt, and absolute charity corrupts absolutely.
Every charity deserves consideration.
Every charity is screened thoroughly before it is included in the drive.
Every charity is served by a board of directors.
Many charities accept donations of furniture.
Many charities already help unemployed people.
Many charities appear to be receiving less than their fair share of the proceeds.
Many charities are able to offer expert opinion through a variety of sources.
Many charities are desperately short of people to help.
Many charities are devoted to the relief of the destitute.
Many charities attempt to address the inequities that exist among people in society.
Many charities benefit directly from having vibrant professional sports teams in their city.
Many charities conduct fund-raising campaigns during the last three months of the year.
Many charities find that their jobs pages are the most popular on their whole site.
Many charities focus on getting their share of donors instead of getting their share of donations.
Many charities have a Christian basis.
Many charities have catalogues.
Many charities have similar names.
Many charities have similar-sounding names.
Many charities have sound-alike names.
Many charities live up to their vow and spend donations on the needy.
Many charities now have a full-time staff member devoted to work with celebrities.
Many charities object to the longer hours required for their volunteers.
Many charities operate in a remote manner.
Many charities own the rights to compelling, valuable and unique material.
Many charities prepare and distribute an annual report.
Many charities provide valuable services for people.
Many charities require staff to raise their own support.
Many charities serving today's immigrants can trace their roots to the turn of the century.
Many charities take clothing of all kinds.
Many charities use donations wisely.
Many charities use names that are similar to legitimate charities.
More charity needs to be substituted for welfare.
Most charities accept general donations.
Most charities are fine.
Most charities are honest and accountable to their donors.
Most charities are honest and put their charitable dollars to good use.
Most charities are honest in their methods of soliciting contributions.
Most charities are honest well-run organizations.
Most charities are honest, well-run organizations.
Most charities are worthy of support.
Most charities do so annually.
Most charities do their own fund raising.
Most charities establish a minimum amount and age for establishing a charitable gift annuity.
Most charities leave it entirely up to the giver to fill in the value of an item on the tax receipt.
Most charities leave the initiative for endowment giving up to their donors.
Most charities require two to three months for issuance of a tax receipt.
Most charities seek donations to meet current needs.
Most charities still follow the classic form.
Most charities suggest some level of giving.
Most charities use contributors' money frugally.
Most charity charges one to two dollars a months per machine.
Most charity dedicates to assistance.
Most charity dedicates to provide assistance.
Most charity dedicates to provide educational assistance.
Most charity focuses on protection.
Most charity helps children.
Most charity helps disadvantage children.
Most charity helps survivors.
Most charity provides services.
Some charities also provide a promotional service.
Some charities are already on their trail.
Some charities are also willing to be trustee.
Some charities are, too.
Some charities demand the runner make up the difference out of their own pocket to cover the cost.
Some charities designate a specific time of year to emphasize solicitations among friends.
Some charities find it economical to work with a professional recruiter on just part of a search.
Some charities fund animal experimentation and many people take objection to that as well.
Some charities give both clothing and supplies.
Some charities give free care to disabled children.
Some charities have funds or property that are supposed to be used for one specific purpose.
Some charities have more money to give away than foundations.
Some charities have subsidiaries.
Some charities have up to now been too much like some churches.
Some charities list no more than an e-mail address and a post office box to receive contributions.
Some charities make only the briefest and simplest of appeals for donations on their Web sites.
Some charities offer opportunities to gain experience.
Some charities play off solicitation fatigue.
Some charities receive donated materials and services.
Some charities rely almost totally on telemarketing for their fund-raising.
Some charities rely on particular types of donations, such as child sponsorship.
Some charities solicit used cars.
Some charities try to let parents claim the full amount of tuition payments as gifts.
Some charity has interaction.
A charlatan is a slicker
Charlatans make faulty diagnoses so that they can profit off the sale of tests or supplements.
Charlatans rule the bestseller list.
Charlatanism is an activity
Charlatanism is to some degree indispensable to leadership.
Charleston people are patient, however, and are content to give at least a week's time.
Charleston style graces the waterfront.
Charlie distribution includes complete sources of the above mentioned components.
Charlotte County has four elementary schools.
Charlotte County has many retirees on fixed incomes.
Charlotte County imposes only six cents of local gas tax.
Charlotte County is located in the southwestern part of New Brunswick, Canada.
Charlotte County is recognized as the technology leader among school systems.
Charlotte County is situated on Florida's stunning Gulf Coast.
Charlotte County s four islands offer an interesting perspective on life.
Charlotte Harbor seperates Pt.
A charlotte is dessert
Charlotte abandons the baby born from that day of infamy.
Charlotte can beat anybody.
Charlotte can complete the first playoff sweep in franchise history.
Charlotte currently enjoys a strong economic climate.
Charlotte discusses pricing service with other librarians.
Charlotte does feel responsible for the death.
Charlotte faces Miami in the first round of the playoffs.
Charlotte has many big interstates to handle all the traffic.
Charlotte has many different kinds of weather throughout the year.
Charlotte has many private universities as well.
Charlotte has no server-based components.
Charlotte has power outages for up to three or four weeks.
Charlotte has several support groups for people caring for the elderly.
Charlotte has strawberry-blonde hair and bushy eyebrows.
Charlotte has talent and plenty of time to gel.
Charlotte has the benefit of a second carrier flying directly to London.
Charlotte has the people to match up with Miami inside.
Charlotte has the second-largest banking center behind New York City.
Charlotte has three public-TV choices.
Charlotte immediately falls head over heels in love.
Charlotte is active in several professional organizations.
Charlotte is clearly ahead of the power curve.
Charlotte is currently in a boarding facility.
Charlotte is deceased.
Charlotte is enthusiastic about all the improvements.
Charlotte is fascinating.
Charlotte is fast, easy and intuitive to use.
Charlotte is five feet, nine inches tall.
Charlotte is from Worcester, Massachusetts.
Charlotte is here.
Charlotte is in the next column.
Charlotte is into surfing the web more than the technical side of it.
Charlotte is killed in an accident by a car just after the confrontaion.
Charlotte is killed in an accident.
Charlotte is petite and precious girl.
Charlotte is responsible for the overall operation of registration and records.
Charlotte is rich with a wealth of fascinating museums.
Charlotte is successfully on the map as a big-league sports town.
Charlotte is that and much more.
Charlotte is twenty something.
Charlotte is very pleased.
Charlotte loves to run across the bed early in the mornings.
Charlotte now finds itself in the position of the lady.
Charlotte now has basketball and football, plus professional hockey in Greenville.
Charlotte records first album in rehearsal.
Charlotte relates easily to students and their aspirations.
Charlotte represents failed potential in different ways.
Charlotte returns home and is soon engaged to another man.
Charlotte sees few surprises anymore.
Charlotte shows some cleavage in a low-cut dress.
Charlotte shows some cleavage in several scenes.
Charlotte skyline The buildings of downtown Charlotte form an impressive skyline.
Charlotte teaches elementary school in Swift River Valley.
Charlotte then returns to Brussels alone, but is lonely and depressed.
Charlotte's a great home team.
Charlotte's a nice city.
Charlotte's a very good basketball team.
Charlottes are a cut seed bead which sparkles quite nicely.
Charlottes are dessert.
Charlottes are food.
Charm City has a completely different feel than the District.
Charm abounds here.
Charm crush outside one womens t-shirt.
Charm hook on reverse.
Charm is attractiveness
Charm is delight.
Charm is flavor.
Charm is objects.
Charm is pendants.
Charm is quarks.
Charm isa beauty.
Charm lies everywhere.
Charm quarks' or 'c quarks' are the third most massive of the six quarks.
Charm relate across some new england patriots hats.
Charm spells and geas spells notwithstanding.
Charm subscribe with lots promise unless hide auto racing parts.
Charms are a mixture of silver and gold tone.
Charms are band aid, stethoscope, nurse cap, crutch and first aid medical bag.
Charms are cream corn, orange, rust, green and burgundy on a goldtone chain.
Charms are gold vermiel and come in all birthstone colors.
Charms are hypo, band aid, stethoscope, and nurse cap.
Charms are hypo, band aid, stethoscope, nurse cap and caduceus.
Charms are hypo, stethoscope, and nurse cap with Austrian crystal.
Charms are improvised solutions to individual needs.
Charms are magical, and like a magical item, they have at most two stats, a prefix and a suffix.
Charms are recommendedaccordingtoprice.
Charms are slightly smaller than a dime. .
Charms are the same price as the tie tacks.
Charms are things or words believed to possess magic power.
Charms attached are sterling silver.
Charms below are under the surface, or at the root of the matter.
Charms can only be Magic.
Charms can reclaim and revive a family.
Charms come in a beautiful gift box .
Charms control events by manipulating the hidden forces of nature.
Charms designed for charm bracelets are our specialty.
Charms have approx.
All charm is withdrawn so extensively that everything is empty.
All charms are available in antique gold or silver finish.
All charms are available with a rope chain necklace.
All charms are present and in excellent condition.
All charms are three-dimensional cast or stamped and are oxidized.
All charms come in lovely gift box.
All charms have a blue turquoise colored stone on each one.
Every charm has a story.
Most Charms are either antique gold or antique silver finish.
Most Charmed products are just prototypes and some seemed a little outlandish.
Charmeds is television shows.
A charmer is a person
Some charmers even sew the snake's mouth shut.
Charming artwork is reproduced on polyester mat with a skid-resistant foam back.
Charming boutiques are everywhere.
Charming bridges allow one to cross from side to side.
Charming bubble features a delicate giraffe print on white background.
Charming communities provide a rich cultural, relaxing backdrop for life on the Island.
Charming cottages provide a tranquil refuge from the outside world.
Charming cottages surround a croquet court and feature fireplaces and porch rockers.
Charming dish features maroon and yellow flowers on a white background with a gold trim.
Charming girl tells about weather for tomorrow, and the weather getting hot right now.
Charming hillside bungalows on the edge of the cloud forest.
Charming house features hardwood floors, berber carpeting.
Charming illustrations accompany informative text.
Charming illustrations add to the appeal.
Charming illustrations evoke a summer on the Maine coast.
Charming illustrations show colonial dress and rural setting.
Charming inn has guest rooms with country d cor, all with refrigerators, some with kitchenettes.
Charming moments mount up in university towns when academic heroes are toasted.
Charming performances provide romance aplenty.
Charming period feel.
Many charming restaurants invite guests for a pleasant lunch or an evening of entertainment.
Charming rooms are detailed with paneled walls, oak floors, fireplace, and bow window.
Charming sights abound.
Charming stores welcome browsers and dedicated shoppers alike.
Charming trolleys wend their way through hilly cobblestone streets.
A charnel house is a vault
Charnel houses are quite the tourist attraction.
A charnel is a vault
Charnel is the cruel and sardonic god of destruction and suffering.
Charoite side beads Amethyst Moon Hand Carved Amethyst in center - has face of moon carved in.
Charred baby feces an excellent source of subsistence data.
Charred books lie open on the desk and bullet holes pockmark the walls.
Charred buildup encourages foods to stick.
Charred kebabs are also a good bet.
Charred logs fall apart revealing small crimson hearts, pulsing for life.
Charred meat contains a mild toxin.
Charred plant remains.
Charred structures suggest the city was overrun by enemies and burned.
Charred trees are still widely visible in many parts of the park.
Chart patterns can last from a few days to many months or even years.
Chart position is determined by number of downloads.
A chart is visual communication
Chart deatils rope types, functions, breaking strains.
Chart elements tool and palette tool.
Chart isa entity.
Chart lists numbers of partnership elevations during the current promotion cycle.
Chart moves back and forth giving data.
Chart notes to charge slip.
Chart printouts with readings.
Chart shows comparison results for temperature and conditions.
Chart shows comparison results for temperature or conditions.
Chart templates to allow favourite graph styles to be stored.
Chart tracks adoptions from Romania, Russia and total international adoptions.
Charts allow the learner to examine data in relation to something else by means of comparison.
Charts also control fishing by delineating where it can take place.
Charts also show hte breakdown of Venezuelan crude oil.
Charts also shows odd and eve numbers.
Charts are a great tool for communicating information visually.
Charts are a great way to communicate numeric data graphically.
Charts are a great way to monitor progress.
Charts are a powerful way of presenting information to others.
Charts are abundant, tables everywhere, and the text clearly written and clarifyingly illustrated.
Charts are also available on-line.
Charts are also available via the Internet as listed below.
Charts are also full color.
Charts are always available.
Charts are available for no cost from the deer industry bookshop.
Charts are available from a variety of sources.
Charts are available from many sources.
Charts are available here .
Charts are available in a separate window.
Charts are available in several different sizes and mountings to meet different needs.
Charts are available in three sizes.
Charts are available on a daily, weekly, monthly and annual basis.
Charts are available on paper-based copy only.
Charts are available showing which zones correspond to which internal organs.
Charts are available via the Internet on a daily or weekly, and a monthly subscription basis.
Charts are available with guidelines for dispenser spacing based upon many different tree spacings.
Charts are bar and line graphs generated from the data on the views and in the tables.
Charts are better than tables.
Charts are charts.
Charts are easy on the eyes, with sensible use of several typefaces and ample white space.
Charts are easy to construct.
Charts are easy to customize and offer tons of indicators.
Charts are effective ways to present data.
Charts are equally easy to generate and customize.
Charts are essential when operating in unfamiliar areas or offshore.
Charts are essential.
Charts are examples of daily and annual process control data charts.
Charts are expensive.
Charts are for illustrative purposes only.
Charts are free with purchase of charms.
Charts are friendly.
Charts are generally used for detecting small shifts in the process mean.
Charts are good for perspective.
Charts are great when lost.
Charts are helpful for quickly showing trends in the numbers.
Charts are highly customizable, including colors, labels, coordinate grids etc.
Charts are ideal for framing.
Charts are in color and show limits and centre line.
Charts are in English and Hebrew and provide a compendium of miscellaneous information for viewers.
Charts are instant history.
Charts are invaluable in coastal waters but most versions can be pretty expensive.
Charts are lists.
Charts are located in conferences.
Charts are maps.
Charts are more comprehensive than in the newspaper and new information is posted to the site.
Charts are most useful when they are on the wall in a highly visible spot.
Charts are much easier to read than a table of numbers.
Charts are necessary for providing detail of the water for owners of any type of boat.
Charts are often useful for displaying data.
CHarts are OK, as long as the subject of the chart is clear.
Charts are only available for devices that display images.
Charts are only useful if they prove one s case.
Charts are past history of prices.
Charts are plentiful for each country.
Charts are prepared, views are exchanged, and action is assigned.
Charts are rather large and take some time to load.
Charts are security.
Charts are small and neat.
Charts are the basis for technical analysis.
Charts are the foundation of technical analysis.
Charts are the greatest weapon a trader has for determining future market direction.
Charts are the most common way of looking at stock prices.
Charts are the most important of all navigation aids.
Charts are the rearrangement of that attribute data in a way that meets the needs of the project.
Charts are the worst graphic offenders.
Charts are to be brought to each class .
Charts are to be examined by renter immediately.
Charts are very easy to find.
Charts are visual communication.
Charts are visual displays of selected attributes of data sets .
Charts are what make the boss happy forget sales.
Charts be tricky to size for the Web.
Charts become interactive using the alert trigger function with updating data.
Charts become outdated.
Charts can also exaggerate or misrepresent stock prices.
Charts can also query data from the table by which it was built.
Charts can be hierarchical.
Charts can be the quickest way to communicate the effect of an options strategy.
Charts can be useful in helping children see their progress.
Charts can be very useful in spotting upward or downward trends in a stocks price.
Charts can display a large number of table variables in the same window.
Charts can do that much better.
Charts can help investors identify good stocks, regardless of the stock's fundamentals.
Charts can include grid lines, legends and titles.
Charts can include pictures, textures, and gradient fills.
Charts can make data interesting, attractive, and easy to read and evaluate.
Charts can now reference other charts, which can then be opened by clicking on the link.
Charts can present different indications about general market conditions or specific securities.
Charts can range from a single printed page to large wall charts.
Charts can represent different time periods.
Charts Click on a chart below to see en enlarged version.
Charts Click on each subject to see a summary of the polling data.
Charts Click on the charts below to enlarge.
Charts come at various scales.
Charts come from many publishers, in many different forms, styles, coverage, and prices.
Charts come in different types for various purposes.
Charts come in two sizes and are available varnished or laminated.
Charts compare appliances.
Charts compare search capabilities with links to detailed reviews.
Charts consist of two sheets which are spiral bound together.
Charts contain a new parameter to get all the data in one page.
Charts contain more than three dozen color photographs of clouds with accompanying text.
Charts contain sources used and researchers names and email where available.
Charts coordinate with the musical cassettes providing multisensory instruction.
Charts cost little or nothing.
Charts Create more charts concentrating on trends per month.
Charts default to a bar chart.
Charts depict relationships between two or more variables, possibly at distinct points in time.
Charts depicting minimum vectoring altitudes are available only to the controllers.
Charts do give a quick impression of the data.
Charts examine the smog corridors and show air quality objectives.
Charts explain the choices of exterior and interior color combinations.
Charts explain workout frequency and programs.
Charts generally show population trends for several high profile species.
Charts give the characteristics of the light.
Charts give the necessary information without having to skim through all the unneeded writing.
Charts has all sorts of information about charts and technical analysis.
Charts have an uncluttered and pleasing appearance.
Charts help make the trends visible.
Charts help organise operators and properties.
Charts help put a stock's action in context.
Charts help turn lists of numbers into very understandable information.
Charts Here are some charts that show the relative sizes of various interesting magnitudes.
Charts here show the number cycle, as well as principles of arithmetic.
Charts highlighting popular paddling trails are available.
Charts illustrate the entire sky-one section at a time.
Charts illustrate trends in one or more data items within a dataview.
Charts indicate trends for scientific disciplines and for individual agencies.
Charts Keep charts and graphs simple, with the printing large enough to be read easily.
Charts Learn how to create dynamic bar, line, area, scatter, stacked, stock, and pie charts.
Charts lend a discussion a certain scientific weight.
Charts list admission prices where they are charged, hours, wheelchair access and telephone numbers.
Charts Make a chart, or several charts for each chapter.
Charts make it easier to interpret and relate to data.
Charts make it simple to understand complex principles.
Charts note the presence of identifying scars and tattoos, bullet holes, and knife wounds.
Charts paint a very good picture for a commodity market.
Charts pictorially represent data.
Charts point out the benefits of nutrient application.
Charts present an overview in the form of pie charts, bar graphs, and tables.
Charts present some particular challenges.
Charts presents the most common chart types.
Charts provide graphical views of data allowing users to quickly compare values.
Charts provide graphical views of data, allowing users to quickly compare values.
Charts provide information about locations of missiles, submarines, and bombers.
Charts provide recommendations for the safest foods, toiletries, and everday household purchases.
Charts provide recommendations for the safest foods, toiletries, and everyday household purchases.
Charts quickly reveal how data compare or contrast.
Charts reflect data for three years of testing.
Charts remain inconclusive for corn.
Charts represent visually the organization of something such as a process or corporation.
Charts rescale for higher and lower averages.
Charts result, perform reviews and assists in specified medical procedures.
Charts reveal a large part of the investment story that triggers buy and sell programs.
Charts Reviews each part of a psychrometric chart, giving relevant equations.
Charts save a lot of time in post-processing search results.
Charts scroll automatically as new bars are added.
Charts show all major corporate subsidiaries and affiliates as well as allies and partners.
Charts show how to find the positions of Venus and Mars.
Charts show key economic indicators and the extents of U.S.investment in the country.
Charts show required lengths of braced walls in high wind and high seismic areas.
Charts show the percent gap approach vs. gap width in cm and degrees.
Charts show the percentage to programs, overhead and fundraising.
Charts show trend in U.S. unemployment rate.
Charts showing group assignments are available so children can find their places.
Charts shown above are for informational purposes only.
Charts signal more corn and bean price drops.
Charts still show support for bull market.
Charts store in the back of the cabinet.
Charts suggest short-term low for cattle futures .
Charts suggest soybean futures due for a low soon.
Charts summarize the findings and list responses in alphabetical order by company name.
Charts Take more than the trip requires in case the weather goes sour over a large area.
Charts take up quite a large area.
Charts tell prices, ratings, review date, and other information.
Charts then prompts the user to specify the range of cells to be charted.
Charts update instantly whenever the data changes.
Charts Use charts and graphs to present quantitative information.
Charts vary in price.
Charts usually have more that one compass rose.
All charts appear at the bottom of the page .
All charts apply to stocking st.
All charts are according to the associated press.
All charts are an indication of typical performance.
All charts are available online.
All charts are available through the mail, fax or email.
All charts are completely customizable including scales, legends, titles, colors, patterns etc.
All charts are current as of the previous day.
All charts are for immediate release.
All charts are in local currencies.
All charts are mercator.
All charts are polar stereographic unless otherwise noted.
All charts are scalable, printable and can be pasted into other programs as graphic objects.
All charts can include both text and pictures.
All charts compare the currencies in both directions.
All charts have explanatory notes.
All charts have North up and West to the right.
All charts then have extensive customization capabilities.
All charts update with each reported trade regardless of time frame.
All charts use pictures of interesting subjects.
All charts used are with simple moving averages and candlesticks.
Every chart carries a title with a wealth of information of use to the navigator.
Every chart has a map datum reference.
Every chart has an overall theme.
Every chart includes all the twelve principles yet each chart is a unique combination.
Every chart is laminated for long life.
Every chart is legible, every time.
Every chart is used.
Every chart requires some woodwind doubling.
Every chart save a link to the source data area.
Many charts also show the high, low and closing price of the stock for each day.
Many charts are fold-outs.
Most charts can be quickly and easily created using the chart wizard.
Most charts circulate.
Most charts employ the traditional layout of organizational relationships.
Most charts have an active link to a current online image of that chart.
Most charts relate today to the past.
Most charts show the closing value of the stock for each day, week or month.
Some charts are as large as a small coffee table.
Some charts are better than others for presenting certain types of information.
Some charts are downloadable as pdf.
Some charts go back to the seventies or farther.
Some charts have the incorrect grid scale.
Some charts map navigable rivers, and are so identified in the means of reference.
Some charts present seismic data.
Some charts show average values for the hour.
Some charts show topographic details of adjoining coasts.
Chartal money is the token for value, while metallist money is the thing of value itself.
Charted dimensions are different from permitted ones.
Charter airlines don t always have backup planes if mechanical problems arise.
Charter airlines using wheel and float planes access the surrounding communities.
Most charter airlines have a limited inventory of aircraft.
Charter boats are also available on or near the island.
Charter boats are also available.
Charter boats are available at lakeshore towns all around the county.
Charter boats are available for deep-sea fishing enthusiasts.
Charter boats are available for fishing and site seeing.
Charter boats are available for offshore fishing bottom and game fishing.
Charter boats are available for salmon and halibut fishing.
Charter boats are available on a daily basis for inshore, offshore fishing and scenic tours.
Charter boats are available on every island.
Charter boats are available to hire for fishing or whale watching.
Charter boats are available, as well as accommodations.
Charter boats are available.
Charter boats are big business.
Charter boats are plentiful.
Charter boats are readily available at most local marinas.
Charter boats are smaller vessels hired by a private party of four to six individuals.
Charter boats come complete with everything required to catch open water game fish.
Charter boats come in all sizes and types.
Charter boats conduct fishing, whale-watching, and scenic cruises.
Charter boats depart from the fishing docks near the zocalo.
Charter boats hold far fewer passengers than party boats, often no more than six people.
Charter boats Includes local charter boats.
Charter boats leave for fishing trips offshore and in the seaside inlets.
Charter boats leave the harbor every morning and afternoon for a relaxing day of fishing.
Charter boats offer deep sea fishing and diving expeditions all year round.
Charter boats offer scuba diving in the Pacific.
Charter boats operate.
Charter boats run regular dolphin-watching cruises.
Charter boats take big- fish seekers out onto Lake Michigan.
All charter boats provide tackle and bait and are equipped with fighting chairs and outriggers.
Many charter boats are available for deep sea fishing .
Many charter boats are available for fishing cruises.
Many charter boats are available.
Many charter boats operate on the lower Columbia River.
Some charter boats journey to the lighthouse.
Charter buses are also available .
Charter buses are also welcome.
Charter buses go to all Western European countries.
Charter buses travel anywhere in Washington, D.C., most of Maryland, and parts of Northern Virginia.
Charter busses can easily drop off their group near the concert area, and parking is free.
Charter cities have a long tradition in Canada.
Charter cities have to get taxes increases approved by voters.
Charter colleges enjoy almost complete discretion in managing their administrative affairs.
Charter companies give some of the least legroom.
Charter companies make money by flying less often, but filling every seat.
Charter companies please enquire.
Charter companies send vacationers a preference sheet in advance of their voyage.
Every charter company has their own standards to qualify prospective charterers.
Some charter companies are world-wide, and can supply a complete vacation package.
Some charter companies charge for mileage, also, depending on how far they have to drive.
Charter flights are also available at affordable prices.
Charter flights are also available from some cities in North America.
Charter flights are also available throughout the year.
Charter flights are also available.
Charter flights are also readily available for specific air travel needs.
Charter flights are another alternative.
Charter flights are another low-cost option.
Charter flights are available from Acapulco and other Mexican resort cities.
Charter flights are available from most European countries.
Charter flights are available from three local operators.
Charter flights are available only as part of a package holiday.
Charter flights are available right to the lodge.
Charter flights are available to numerous other parts of the world.
Charter flights are available to points all over the West Coast.
Charter flights are available to the smaller islands.
Charter flights are available.
Charter flights are generally the least expensive way to get somewhere.
Charter flights are non transferable and it is illegal to use a ticket issued to someone else.
Charter flights are nonexistent.
Charter flights are readily available.
Charter flights are usually direct - no connections.
Charter flights can be cheaper than regularly scheduled flights.
Charter flights can, in some cases, offer a cheaper price than a flight with a change-over.
Charter flights have drawbacks, however.
Charter flights reach the most remote fishing camp.
Many charter flights are of the one-way variety.
Many charter flights leave from here as well as long haul.
Many charter flights operate at extremely inconvenient times, only on certain days of the week.
Many charter flights take off and land at very awkward times of the day.
Charter government is such an issue.
Charter laws give educators and parents the opportunity to create the schools of their dreams.
Charter laws vary from state to state.
A charter member is a member
Charter members are members.
Charter members are special invitees.
Charter members are the mentors, successful entrepreneurs, who contribute time and energy.
Charter members comprise the initial governing body.
Charter members offer mentoring sessions for young entrepreneurs with ideas and business plans.
Charter members receive additional benefits.
Charter members receive extra free titles and other special promotions.
Charter members receive priority check-in on the nets .
Charter members screen themselves since each is selected by the other.
All charter members are active members while remaining a member of the dental school faculty.
Charter parties are often a topic of concern in maritime law.
Charter planes are available, everything from light twin engine to turbo props.
A charter school is a public school
Charter school are classic Tocquevillian communities, based on shared interests and purposes.
Charter school are public schools.
Charter schools act as a catalyst for improvement throughout the entire public education system.
Charter schools allow communities to work together to improve education.
Charter schools allow groups of parents, teachers and community members to from new public schools.
Charter schools approach the statewide average in enrolling special-needs children.
Charter schools are . . .
Charter schools are a big issue today.
Charter schools are a bold and promising opportunity to improve all our schools.
Charter schools are a burgeoning educational issue in Illinois and across the country.
Charter schools are a governance issue.
Charter schools are a great example.
Charter schools are a hard business.
Charter schools are a hybrid.
Charter schools are a lot like other public schools.
Charter schools are a means of expanding choices in Colorado public schools.
Charter schools are a new experiment in Pennsylvania.
Charter schools are a new form of public school.
Charter schools are a new movement that seeks a different kind of authority.
Charter schools are a public trust, notan opportunity for private advantage.
Charter schools are a relatively new idea in Minnesota and in the United States.
Charter schools are about choice.
Charter schools are about hope, about people believing they can make a difference.
Charter schools are accountable for results.
Charter schools are accountable for the academic performance of their students.
Charter schools are accountable schools.
Charter schools are accountable.
Charter schools are also eligible for funding under other federal programs.
Charter schools are also elitist.
Charter schools are also very diverse in philosophy and practices.
Charter schools are an emerging innovative method of providing an education for children.
Charter schools are an exception to centralized governance.
Charter schools are an exchange of greater autonomy for increased accountability.
Charter schools are an important innovation in American public education.
Charter schools are an important part of the success formula in Chicago.
Charter schools are an instrument of the state.
Charter schools are an interesting step.
Charter schools are an opportunity to demonstrate innovative education.
Charter schools are another piece of the equity model.
Charter schools are another possibility.
Charter schools are another promising, choice-based reform.
Charter schools are another thing that are good.
Charter schools are another way to educate and change public education.
Charter schools are as yet unproven, but parents have various reasons for enrolling their kids.
Charter schools are automatically exempt from most other state education laws and regulations.
Charter schools are businesses, plain and simple.
Charter schools are by definition schools of choice.
Charter schools are communities for educators as well.
Charter schools are complimentary to existing public schools.
Charter schools are different and can create different kinds of environments.
Charter schools are different from other schools.
Charter schools are eligible for additional state and federal funds upon application.
Charter schools are eligible.
Charter schools are even less likely to produce significant improvement.
Charter schools are even popular among teachers.
Charter schools are exempt from all state laws unless otherwise noted.
Charter schools are exempt from hiring certified teachers.
Charter schools are exempt from most rules and statutes.
Charter schools are exempt from most state education laws and regulations.
Charter schools are exempt from statewide laws governing school districts.
Charter schools are experimental.
Charter schools are extremely diverse because of state and local factors.
Charter schools are extremely diverse.
Charter schools are extremely non-bureaucratic.
Charter schools are free from many of the rules that apply to other public schools.
Charter schools are free from many regulations that apply to public schools.
Charter schools are free from regulation.
Charter schools are free from some state laws and regulations to encourage innovation.
Charter schools are free from state and local rules and regulations.
Charter schools are free of many district regulations and are often tailored to community needs.
Charter schools are free public schools of choice.
Charter schools are FREE to children residing in the District.
Charter schools are free.
Charter schools are freed of many restrictive rules and regulations.
Charter schools are generally smaller than public schools.
Charter schools are havens for children who had bad educational experiences elsewhere.
Charter schools are here to stay.
Charter schools are hot.
Charter schools are illegal in some states.
Charter schools are important for two reasons.
Charter schools are in great demand.
Charter schools are in the mainstream of public policy.
Charter schools are indeed non-unionized.
Charter schools are independent public schools operating under a charter.
Charter schools are independent public schools with their own governing authorities.
Charter schools are independent, public schools free from many state and union regulations.
Charter schools are independently managed public schools.
Charter schools are independently-managed public schools.
Charter schools are independently-operated public schools.
Charter schools are innovative public schools organized by teachers, parents, and the community.
Charter schools are innovative.
Charter schools are just one way that parents can exercise choice in their children's education.
Charter schools are just public schools on a slightly longer leash.
Charter schools are like private schools but are funded through the state.
Charter schools are likely to be a major part of the discussion.
Charter schools are more accountable and focus on results.
Charter schools are mostly about teaching, learning and educational results.
Charter schools are naturally important for the children they directly serve.
Charter schools are new public schools operated by independent groups.
Charter schools are new, unproven organizations, with limited resources.
Charter schools are no longer very controversial.
Charter schools are often special purpose schools and have a finely developed mission statement.
Charter schools are one form of school choice.
Charter schools are one kind of market-driven school.
Charter schools are one of the fastest growing innovations in education.
Charter schools are one of the fastest growing reforms in education.
Charter schools are one of the most scrutinized elements of education reform.
Charter schools are one such strategy.
Charter schools are one valuable means to that end.
Charter schools are open to anyone in the state.
Charter schools are public and nonsectarian.
Charter schools are public institutions run by independent entities.
Charter schools are public schools aimed at providing parents with more school choices.
Charter schools are public schools created and run by teachers and staff.
Charter schools are public schools established by contract with a public sponsor.
Charter schools are public schools funded with state dollars.
Charter schools are public schools granted significant discretion in school management.
Charter schools are public schools in every sense.
Charter schools are public schools in which any student can enroll based on a lottery.
Charter schools are public schools of choice.
Charter schools are public schools open to all students.
Charter schools are public schools operated by parents, teachers or community members.
Charter schools are public schools operated by private individuals.
Charter schools are public schools run by private groups of parents, teachers and businesses.
Charter schools are public schools run with exemptions from most state laws and regulations.
Charter schools are public schools so their students take the tests.
Charter schools are public schools that are exempt from state and local laws, rules and regulations.
Charter schools are public schools that are free from school district bureaucracy.
Charter schools are public schools that are publicly funded and independent of school districts.
Charter schools are public schools that are relatively free of state or district oversight.
Charter schools are public schools that operate free of much bureaucracy and red tape.
Charter schools are public schools that operate independently of public school systems.
Charter schools are public schools that operate independently of traditional public school systems.
Charter schools are public schools that operate outside the education establishment.
Charter schools are public schools that operate under contract with a governing body.
Charter schools are public schools that operate with a great deal of autonomy.
Charter schools are public schools that receive operational funding from the state.
Charter schools are public schools that usually operate independently of local districts.
Charter schools are public schools which receive public funding.
Charter schools are public schools, and subject to the same federal laws as other public schools.
Charter schools are public schools, funded with public money.
Charter schools are public schools, offered to parents as one choice for their children s education.
Charter schools are public schools, offered to parents as one choice for their children's education.
Charter schools are public schools, open and free to all children.
Charter schools are public schools, open and free to all Michigan children.
Charter schools are public schools, open to any student who applies.
Charter schools are public schools, operated with public money, and open to all students.
Charter schools are public schools, paid for with public money.
Charter schools are public schools, which means they get a fair share of tax dollars.
Charter schools are public schools, with a twist.
Charter schools are public schools.
Charter schools are public schools.
Charter schools are publicly funded schools freed from many restrictive state and local regulations.
Charter schools are publicly funded schools that are privately administered.
Charter schools are publicly-sponsored autonomous schools.
Charter schools are ready to expand.
Charter schools are schools of choice.
Charter schools are schools that create a mission for themselves.
Charter schools are secular, tuition-free public schools.
Charter schools are semi-autonomous public schools financed with tax dollars.
Charter schools are smaller than other public schools.
Charter schools are so skinny.
Charter schools are standards based.
Charter schools are state-funded public schools with permission to use alternative curricula.
Charter schools are still accountable to their home states.
Charter schools are still in the experimental stage.
Charter schools are subject to state accountability reviews.
Charter schools are subject to state and national educational goals and standards.
Charter schools are subject to strict academic and operational accountability.
Charter schools are successful.
Charter schools are the equivalent of perestroika , of socialized education to reform itself.
Charter schools are the hottest story in education.
Charter schools are the most vibrant force in education today.
Charter schools are the newest educational tool.
Charter schools are the next generation of public schools.
Charter schools are the only truly public schools.
Charter schools are to be monitored by the state.
Charter schools are to receive a proportionate amount of the district's per-pupil funding.
Charter schools are truly a win-win program and their continued growth across America is guaranteed.
Charter schools are tuition-free and have no entrance criteria.
Charter schools are tuition-free, privately run public schools.
Charter schools are very popular with students, parents, and teachers.
Charter schools are well aware of the issue.
Charter schools are, after all, government schools.
Charter schools are, by legislative design, site-based management schools.
Charter schools are, by their nature, independent.
Charter schools begin to take shape statewide.
Charter schools bring all three.
Charter schools can be any of the above, depending on how legislation is structured.
Charter schools can be one step in the right direction.
Charter schools can exclude at-risk students.
Charter schools can generate broad political backing.
Charter schools can have a major impact on school district budgets.
Charter schools can innovate with any means, so long as they reach the ends.
Charter schools can provide a real opportunity for reform.
Charter schools can provide genuine avenues for making educational changes.
Charter schools can revitalize interest in public schools and catalyze change.
Charter schools can serve as a healthy intervention.
Charter schools cater to a specialized population and thus are elitist and inequitable.
Charter schools cloud the issue of parental choice, and can be considered a diversion tactic.
Charter schools continue to receive bi-partisan support nationally.
Charter schools control their own curriculum, staffing, internal organization and budget.
Charter schools create real competition, within the public school system.
Charter schools create two-tiered education.
Charter schools cross all ethnic and cultural lines.
Charter schools deal directly with their banks.
Charter schools depend on the satisfaction of the parents and students in order to make money.
Charter schools deserve the same opportunities public schools have to fund new facilities.
Charter schools differ from magnet schools in the method of creation and level of autonomy.
Charter schools do offer more choices for kids with different learning styles.
Charter schools draw many students from urban areas.
Charter schools employ a higher proportion of minority teachers than do public schools.
Charter schools employ a wide variety of curriculum designs.
Charter schools encourage people to create their own curriculums and assessments.
Charter schools encourage social fragmentation rather than common experiences.
Charter schools enjoy bipartisan support.
Charter schools enjoy extraordinarily high levels of parent involvement.
Charter schools enjoy fewer state regulations than public schools.
Charter schools enroll higher proportions of students of color than their host districts.
Charter schools establish a much-needed prototype of educational accountability.
Charter schools exercise considerable control over the type of students they serve.
Charter schools extend that choice to all families.
Charter schools face an additional obstacle.
Charter schools face considerable pressure from outside their doors.
Charter schools fail promises .
Charter schools follow the same regulations as district public schools.
Charter schools give parents input into their children s education.
Charter schools give parents input into their children's education.
Charter schools give parents that important choice.
Charter schools give public schools the opportunity to show themselves at their innovative best.
Charter schools grow out of a commitment to a particular vision of a good school.
Charter schools have a difficult time obtaining loans from commercial lenders.
Charter schools have a high degree of independence, but they are accountable for results.
Charter schools have a reputation for innovation and deservedly so.
Charter schools have an increased chance of success if they are supported and guided by a sponsor.
Charter schools have control over budgets, school calendars, hiring and firing, and curriculum.
Charter schools have greater freedom over their budget, curriculum and schedules.
Charter schools have more control than most other public schools in California over who can attend.
Charter schools have more freedom and flexibility than other D.C. public schools.
Charter schools have multiple constituencies to whom they see themselves as accountable.
Charter schools have relativity free regulatory environment.
Charter schools have similar rates of low-income students as regular schools.
Charter schools have strong political support.
Charter schools have the opportunity to select teachers who have a similar philosophy.
Charter schools have the potential to enrich and enhance our system of public education.
Charter schools have the same promotion criteria as public schools.
Charter schools have their own application procedures.
Charter schools have to go through their district office.
Charter schools have yet to really catch on in the east.
Charter schools increase the number of tuition-free educational options for students.
Charter schools introduce choice within the public funding mechanism.
Charter schools lead to balkanization as groups create schools to reflect their special interests.
Charter schools learn a few lessons.
Charter schools maintain the principles of public education.
Charter schools meet all three tests.
Charter schools offer a model for education reform in Wake County and across the state.
Charter schools offer a modern and flexible approach to the complex teaching environment of today.
Charter schools offer a range of educational programs and a variety of learning environments.
Charter schools offer a unique opportunity to respond to the diverse learning needs of students.
Charter schools offer a variety of educational programs.
Charter schools offer a wide variety of curriculums and educational philosophies.
Charter schools offer an alternative to public schools.
Charter schools offer an immediate response to the lack of facilities, especially in urban areas.
Charter schools offer an opportunity for people to engage in really significant educational reform.
Charter schools offer choice, autonomy, and accountability.
Charter schools offer more parental control.
Charter schools offer parents and students one more choice within the public school system.
Charter schools offer special curricula and flexibility from state regulations.
Charter schools offer the opportunity to provide such choice.
Charter schools offeran alternative learningenvironment.
Charter schools operate as public schools but without traditional rules and oversight.
Charter schools operate in widely different legal contexts in different states.
Charter schools operate under a contract, or charter.
Charter schools operate under few controls.
Charter schools operate with increased autonomy in exchange for accountability.
Charter schools place healthy pressure on districts to provide equal or better services.
Charter schools point in a very promising direction.
Charter schools point to important ways to improve and reinvent public education.
Charter schools present an opportunity to do the right thing, politically and morally.
Charter schools provide a free public education to eligible students.
Charter schools provide a two-tier elitist school system.
Charter schools provide additional academic choices for parents and pupils.
Charter schools provide an alternative to public schools.
Charter schools provide choice for both students and teachers.
Charter schools provide choice within public system.
Charter schools provide choice, competition and accountability.
Charter schools provide controlled educational laboratories.
Charter schools provide little enhanced opportunity for parents to be meaningfully involved.
Charter schools provide much needed competition.
Charter schools provide new and increased professional opportunities for teachers.
Charter schools provide parents a choice in the public education of their children.
Charter schools provide that choice.
Charter schools provide the first step in creating the full infrastructure of alternatives.
Charter schools provide the means to expand the market choices for educational consumers.
Charter schools provide the opportunity for new ideas and visions in education to take shape.
Charter schools receive federal money, but unlike public schools they receive no capital funds.
Charter schools receive less money and often achieve higher standards.
Charter schools receive no capital funding from the public sector.
Charter schools receive no capital funds.
Charter schools receive public funding but operate free of most state regulations.
Charter schools receive public funding from the state but operate separately from local districts.
Charter schools receive public funds but are free from most state regulations.
Charter schools receive public funds.
Charter schools receive state and local funds based on an allocation for each enrolled student.
Charter schools receive state funding based on the same standards regular public schools are funded.
Charter schools receive support from an unlikely coalition.
Charter schools receive taxpayer money but operate independently from local school districts.
Charter schools receive the state foundation grant on a per-pupil basis.
Charter schools receive their funds directly from the state based on a per-pupil basis.
Charter schools reflect a growing bipartisan mainstream agenda.
Charter schools represent a choice.
Charter schools represent a different equation, one with an understandable return on investment.
Charter schools represent a revolt against that record.
Charter schools represent one of the newest forms of educational reform.
Charter schools represent that kind of creativity, and the first one was opened in Minnesota.
Charter schools require great effort from parents who are willing and able to volunteer.
Charter schools require little additional funding or other resources to implement or sustain.
Charter schools require more than a good idea.
Charter schools require that students submit an application form.
Charter schools save taxpayer money.
Charter schools seem to be doing some good, forcing some innovation and rethinking.
Charter schools serve interests including diversity, equity, and improved student performance.
Charter schools serve their constituents well.
Charter schools struggle with accountability.
Charter schools tend to be niche schools, responding to specific needs and interests.
Charter schools tend to generate a high degree of enthusiasm among teachers, students and parents.
Charter schools threaten teachers unions.
Charter schools thrive on the commitment of teachers, parents and students to the school's mission.
Charter schools vary widely in their ability to generate private sources of revenue.
All charter schools are non-profit, as required by law.
All charter schools have startup costs and ongoing expenses.
All charter schools place a high priority on family involvement.
Every charter school begins with the best intentions.
Every charter school is someone's dream.
Every charter school works with a public authority to establish clear performance standards.
Many charter schools are niche schools that serve a particular interest group.
Many charter schools are small, where staff members know every child by name.
Many charter schools consider development as synonymous with grant writing.
Many charter schools have atypical grade configurations.
Many charter schools have nontraditional grade configurations.
Many charter schools have nontraditional grade patterns.
Many charter schools have unique educational designs and innovations.
Many charter schools operate in violation of federal law.
Many charter schools provide outstanding education with only the cost of parent involvement.
Many charter schools use student achievement tests to measure performance.
Many charter schools use thematic approaches to ignite children's interest in school and learning.
Most charter schools aim to realize an alternative vision of schooling.
Most charter schools are in urban areas where the needs, and minority students, are greatest.
Most charter schools are newly-created, small schools.
Most charter schools are simply modifications of an existing program within a school.
Most charter schools are small and have non-traditional grade configurations.
Most charter schools are small, particularly compared to other public schools.
Most charter schools are small.
Most charter schools cite resource limitations as a serious difficulty.
Most charter schools continue to cite resource limitations as a serious implementation difficulty.
Most charter schools face challenges during their development, start-up and implementation.
Most charter schools get results.
Most charter schools have fairly traditional studies and teaching approaches.
Most charter schools have small classes.
Most charter schools have waiting lists, another sign of success.
Most charter schools have waiting lists.
Most charter schools tend to address the needs of disadvantaged students.
Some charter schools are really for-profit companies using canned curricula.
Some charter schools are regular public schools that seceded and became self-governing.
Some charter schools focus on values and strict discipline.
Some charter schools have no principal.
Some charter schools offer a very traditional educational focus.
Some charter schools plan to establish centers to propagate the lessons they learn.
Some charter schools require parents to sign contracts that spell out expectations for families.
Some charter schools require parents to volunteer a minimum number of hours.
Some charter schools require parents to volunteer for classroom duty.
Some charter schools struggle to overcome internal conflicts.
Charter trips are available year round.
Charter yachts are available.
Charter yachts are perfect little hotel rooms.
Charter yachts can be small or large.
Charter yachts contribute even more, but exact figures are difficult to obtain.
Many charter yachts have Boatphone on board.
A charter is papers
Charter addresses the financial management of school.
Charter alleges that the broadcast breaches patient confidentiality.
Charter allows people of a city to adjust their government to meet any special needs.
Charter contains the proposed school budget.
Charter delives creative marketing solutions for both complex and logistical real estate problems.
Charter depart daily through out the season.
Charter encourages sales reps to become experts on a specific service.
Charter is available for either the midweek cruise or for longer periods.
Charter keeps fish.
Charter only mentions cable television.
Charter operates cable systems in Atlanta's north suburbs.
Charter plans to complete upgrades to their network by the end of the year.
Charter plans to have even higher speed access available in the future.
Charter plans to introduce digital cable and cable modem service sometime next year.
Charter provides inpatient and outpatient services.
Charter seeks to optimize income and growth given each client's needs, objectives and risk factors.
Charter still has some places available for workers in our kitchen.
Charter tries new tack in Miami Never mind the tropical breezes.
Charters advertise widely during the months preceding flights.
Charters also can qualify for state money because of poverty among students.
Charters also invoke debates over diversity and inclusively.
Charters also serve a population that is slightly poorer than average.
Charters are a valuable tool for improving services.
Charters are a way station on the way to getting full choice through vouchers.
Charters are also available during the week.
Charters are also available for pleasure and sightseeing jaunts on the lake.
Charters are also available for private groups.
Charters are also available for whale watching, diving and photography.
Charters are also available to other major Colorado ski resorts.
Charters are also available, including casino nights.
Charters are also available, please inquire .
Charters are also available.
Charters are another one of our specialties.
Charters are available all along the coast.
Charters are available as well as sightseeing tours on both fixed wing and helicopter aircraft.
Charters are available at Cornet Bay's marina.
Charters are available at reasonable prices at all of the resorts and Marina as well as off the web.
Charters are available by day week or month.
Charters are available for a half day, full day or several days.
Charters are available for a three-hour trip.
Charters are available for any occasion.
Charters are available for big groups.
Charters are available for both bay and gulf fishing, and for gulf diving.
Charters are available for business meetings, birthdays, weddings, receptions, or any occasion.
Charters are available for events, such as weddings or business gatherings.
Charters are available for half or full days, overnight and weekends.
Charters are available for scenic cruises, sailing, twilight cruises, dinner cruises, and fishing.
Charters are available for special occasions.
Charters are available for up to seven guests.
Charters are available only a short walk from the house.
Charters are available to and from all New England ports.
Charters are available to meet the special needs of our customers.
Charters are available to schools and groups for a modest fee.
Charters are available year round .
Charters are available year round.
Charters are available.
Charters ARE available.
Charters are bookable for the UK and France.
Charters are cheaper.
Charters are contracts.
Charters are documents.
Charters are easy on the environment.
Charters are effective for five years from the first day of operation.
Charters are either full or half day with food and drinks laid on accordingly.
Charters are eligible for some funding for building costs, as well as materials and technology.
Charters are free to manage their own money and experiment with curriculum.
Charters are limited to two per school division.
Charters are nonetheless public schools, subsisting on public school dollars.
Charters are official documents.
Charters are one guide and boat for two people.
Charters are 'out of the loop'.
Charters are possible and can be arranged with the operator of the vehicle.
Charters are possible.
Charters are public schools that operate free of local rules and regulations.
Charters are schools supported with public funding but freed from most government regulation.
Charters are six nights.
Charters are subject to review and renewal.
Charters are the toughest, the frontier experiment.
Charters are the worst, mostly because they only operate a limited number of aircraft.
Charters are to try new ideas.
Charters are twice daily every weekend and during the week by appointment.
Charters are usually direct flights, while commercial airlines often stop at Chicago or another hub.
Charters are usually round trip.
Charters are welcome to bring their own food and refreshments.
Charters arrive as guest and leave as friends, and yet, the crew remains ever professional.
Charters can function as a small research and development arm for the public school system.
Charters can include a fine catered meal, beer and wine bar, and other special touches.
Charters can include tackle, bait, food, and drinks.
Charters can pick up passengers at the Ocean Shores Marina.
Charters can select their own destinations, pending final approval of the Captain.
Charters can start any day of the week the vessel is open.
Charters claim to provide high quality education and discipline.
Charters Click here to find a charter boat or a company for that Caribbean cruise.
Charters depart and return as well as weigh their fish here daily.
Charters depart on even numbered hours.
Charters empowers parents, teachers and students to improve and benefit from education.
Charters Find a charter boat or charter boat holiday for cruising anywhere in the world.
Charters fly from major European cities.
Charters generally come in two kinds, bare boat and crewed.
Charters generally take a maximum of six people.
Charters have almost total autonomy over curricula, schedules, rules and classroom environments.
Charters have limited and inflexible schedules.
Charters have no training, no certification.
Charters have priority over daily tours.
Charters have special rates and priority over daily tours.
Charters here have a very hard time finding buildings.
Charters leave out of almost every town pier.
Charters leave the docks for inshore and offshore fishing every day that the weather permits.
Charters meet needs of failing public school students.
Charters offer both safe and successful fishing.
Charters offer fishing or whale-watching excursions.
Charters offer half day, full day and weekly rates.
Charters offer more choices.
Charters offer nonstop flights for an affordable price.
Charters operate successfully only with considerable volunteer support from parents.
Charters operate with public money, but are overseen by separate boards of parents and teachers.
Charters ought to be considered as sacred things.
Charters place child and family first.
Charters promote diversity.
Charters promote private initiative.
Charters provide opportunity for better child-centered education.
Charters provide tackle and bait and take anglers to the best fishing spots.
Charters range from world class halibut fishing to marine tours and private charters.
Charters receive public moneys to operate their facilities.
Charters run from midday to midday, seven days a week.
Charters specialize in sport fishing, big game fishing, marlin fishing, snapper and others.
Charters start at noon and end at noon, seven days a week.
Charters stay with the club as long as it is in existence.
Charters take precedence over regular schedule.
Charters thus unleash the principle of competition in a system where little or none has existed.
Charters welcome For more pictures, please click here.
Charters wilt remain a viable option to curb price increases and regulate fare levels.
Charters often provide the only nonstop or direct service overseas from interior cities.
Charters sometimes face opposition from local boards, state education agencies, and unions.
All charters are custom tailored to fit each group.
All charters are night fishing, all inclusive.
All charters are private.
All charters are subject to approved charter application.
All charters consist of running time, plus barn time.
All charters ideally begin with an innovative idea.
All charters noon to noon.
Every charter is tailored to meet individual requirements.
Many charters fail to be accepted because they are far too brief, or vague.
Many charters have waiting lists.
Many charters plan to expand by a grade level per year .
Most charters also cater to families and adults who know very little about fishing.
Most charters are elementary schools, although grade configurations vary widely.
Most charters are of much smaller yachts.
Most charters have carry-over balances, some upward of hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Most charters have options for all budgets.
Most charters provide equipment for use on their excursions - ask ahead of time to be sure.
Most charters supply all of the bait and tackle.
Some charters fly direct from Chicago to Belize City.
Some charters organize destination trips after that.
Some charters permit petitioned ordinances.
Some charters solicit extra parental contributions.
Some charters specialize in shark fishing.
A chartered accountant is a controller
Chartered accountants are accountants.
Chartered accountants are often the first contact point for new investors.
Chartered Accountants are to be found at the heart of nearly all successful organisations.
Chartered accountants face a heavy work load and deadlines as the tax season approaches.
Chartered aircraft are also available.
Chartered aircraft are available to transport patients throughout the Untied States and Canada.
Chartered boats are available for deep-sea fishing.
Chartered buses transfer students to media locations across Southern California.
Every chartered club falls under a council.
Chartered engineers can expect to earn at the upper end of the range quoted.
Chartered flights are to be used to export fish to Hawaii every week.
Chartered limousines are also available.
Chartered organizations can use Scouting as a resource to impact families.
Chartered physiotherapists work closely with doctors.
Chartered physiotherapists work in close association with GPs and consultants.
Chartered projects have an official sponsor from the university management.
Chartered status is helpful.
Chartered surveyors come in still more varieties.
Chartered trips are cheapest in Great Britain, and from Scandinavia.
Chartered trips can be ubelievably cheap.
Chartered vehicles are available to the park on all days from Mumbai.
Chartered vehicles are available too.
Charters schools have a blanket waiver from most state education laws and regulations.
A chartist is a market analyst
Chartist also needs sellers.
Chartists are market analysts.
Chartists are reformers.
Chartists do, however, differ as to which charting method they consider to be most effective.
Chartists have a habit of couching their predictions in the conditional tense.
Chartists use longer time intervals to reduce the noise inherent in shorter time intervals.
Chartreuse adds often needed visibility.
Chartreuse can be like magic at times.
Chartreuse come in two varieties, green and yellow.
Chartreuse hellebores gleam in the dew.
Chartreuse is a blend of yellow and green.
Chartreuse is a good color choice.
Chartreuse is a good color for fall walleyes in the weeds.
Chartreuse is a good color.
Chartreuse is also excellent in murky water, especially for spotted and smallmouth bass.
Chartreuse is always a good color to start with.
Chartreuse is always a good color.
Chartreuse is available.
Chartreuse is beverages.
Chartreuse is color.
Chartreuse is discontinued.
Chartreuse is good first thing in the morning.
Chartreuse is green
Chartreuse is liqueurs.
Chartreuse is liquor.
Chartreuse is the best color.
Chartreuse remains to be the number one color two weeks in a row with green and white following.
Chartreuse serves as a good shade-brightener, without being abrasive.
CHAS members confirm that the new system exceeds their expectations.
Chase City is also accessible by air from our airport which is located just two miles west of Town.
Chase County is located in the extreme western part of the state.
Chase County is situated in the southwestern portion of Nebraska.
Chase Lake has no outlet, is highly alkaline and supports no aquatic vertebrate life.
Chase scenes are tough, too.
A chase is movement
Chase chuckles ruefully.
Chase envisions future changes in technology as well.
Chase picks it up and nods approvingly.
Chase points to the right.
Chase pushes on ahead.
Chase turns and runs back inside.
Chases are banks.
Chases are frames.
Chases are nuts.
Chases are subsidiaries.
Chases desire sex.
Chases have kids.
Chases object and returns with object to testor.
Chases object and returns without object to testor.
Chases object, picks up object and runs away.
Chases occur constantly, and animals examined in the field often show evidence of severe wounds.
All chases involve some risk of injury to persons or property.
Some chase dreams.
A chaser is a drink
Chaser unites the spiritual with the political.
Chasers also access historical and current weather maps used when making decisions out in the field.
Chasers are a vital link in the chain.
Chasers are drinks.
Chasers enjoy the hunt more if they can take time to appreciate the scenery along the way.
Chasers meet here, too, awaiting the big storm.
Chasers pack living room to watch hours and hours of tornado videos.
Chasers often name storms for locations where they inflict damage.
Chasers often tune to AM to eavesdrop on nearby lightning, which produces static.
Chasers usually try to avoid core punching because of the danger and damage potential.
All chasers have a purpose in chasing.
Many chasers are hybrid combinations of the above categories.
Many chasers have a window of opportunity to get to the plains each year.
Most chasers enjoy 'theme music' while storm chasing.
Chasidic masters treat Jacob's aloneness positively.
Chasidic thought describes the parents conduct as creating a spiritual garment for the soul.
A chasm is an opening
Chasms rip down the center of an old woman lay dying.
Chassidic teaching claims that the very opposite is the case.
A chassis is a mounting
Chassis features air suspension.
Chassis range from mid-quality to high end cases.
Chassises are mounting.
Chassises are part of cars.
Chassises are part of motor vehicles.
Chassises are skeletons.
All chassis contain an integral fan and power supply.
All chassis utilize the same user interface and remote command set.
Most chassis have a high level of special show features and options.
Chaste love can be difficult at times, but so can all living in truth.
Chaste tree is helpful to women who begin menopause early.
Chaste women are often proud and froward, as presuming upon the merit of their chastity.
Chastity belts are back in vogue.
Chastity applies to everyone . . .
Chastity be a requirement for university admission.
Chastity bears good fruit.
Chastity becomes a necessity for female government.
Chastity bring out a whole piles of trashcans full of plunder.
Chastity burns the letter and starts drinking heavily.
Chastity can begin today no matter what happened yesterday.
Chastity creates a whole way of life that publicly expresses our yearning for the divine.
Chastity extends far beyond controlling lust.
Chastity forbids the full description.
Chastity implies an opposition to the immoral in the sense of lustful or licentious.
Chastity includes an apprenticeship in self-mastery which is a training in human freedom.
Chastity involves fidelity to one person.
Chastity is a lifestyle.
Chastity is a moral virtue.
Chastity is a most honorable virtue.
Chastity is a multidimensional virtue.
Chastity is a promise of immortality.
Chastity is a supernatural virtue.
Chastity is a virtue for all seasons, all reasons, all people and all time.
Chastity is a virtue to be practised by everyone, whatever their state in life.
Chastity is a virtue.
Chastity is a wealth that comes from abundance of love.
Chastity is about as much of a virtue as malnutrition.
Chastity is abstinence
Chastity is abstinence.
Chastity is an important virtue.
Chastity is another matter.
Chastity is both freedom from harm and freedom to live the truth in love.
Chastity is clearly something more than chaste.
Chastity is curable, if detected early.
Chastity is expressed in celibacy or in the lifelong commitment of marriage.
Chastity is expressed notably in friendship with one's neighbor.
Chastity is far from old fashioned.
Chastity is handled by the sex-shun section.
Chastity is integral to the functioning of the irreducible core of a polity.
Chastity is largely due to the repression of animal passion by social and domestic authority.
Chastity is life and sexuality is death.
Chastity is more appropriately female.
Chastity is more delicate than the most delicate plant that grows upon earth.
Chastity is often misunderstood to be abstinence, pure and simple.
Chastity is our way of relating to others.
Chastity is outdated.
Chastity is part of our life.
Chastity is right behind.
Chastity is the best armor of womanhood.
Chastity is the call of the day for all except the king, which makes for many undersexed servants.
Chastity is the cement of civilization and progress.
Chastity is the foundation of a happy home.
Chastity is the greatest right of a woman.
Chastity is the most peculiar of all the sexual aberrations.
Chastity is the most unpopular of our Christian virtues.
Chastity is the opposite of impurity.
Chastity is the spiritual power which frees love from selfishness and aggression.
Chastity is the state of being free from what is unlawful.
Chastity is the successful control of our sexual desires.
Chastity is the tower.
Chastity is the way.
Chastity is thus just as important in marriage as it is in singleness.
Chastity Is Unconstitutional Or so say some feminist lawyers.
Chastity is, therefore, essentially apostolic.
Chastity jumps up.
Chastity makes the personality harmonious.
Chastity means devotion, dedication, loyalty, etc.
Chastity means passion, chastity means neurasthenia.
Chastity means sexual self-control.
Chastity means the integration of sexuality within the person.
Chastity opposes fornication and adultery.
Chastity protects any relationship from whatever cheapens or debases.
Chastity recognizes that respecting that language is the best way to live love.
Chastity reinforces the value of marriage.
Chastity respects the dignity of our human sexuality and the sacredness of marital love.
Chastity seems to be the only recourse for female monarchy because it is really all women have left.
Chastity speaks out to help gay people.
A chasuble is a vestment
Chasuble comes with or without a velvet cowl.
Chat bots are one avenue of exploration.
All chat information is subject to change.
Most chat meetings are open to everyone.
A chat room is a site
Chat rooms are located in internet cafes.
Chat rooms are used for conversations.
Chat rooms are web sites.
Chat rooms offer an alternative to email, telephone, regular mail, and in-person communication.
Chat rooms offer live discussions about almost any topic.
Chat rooms offer the illusion of anonymity.
Chat rooms offer tons of advice from fellow travelers.
Any chat room teens behind green, priority corn curse the calm carpet inside whatever home.
Most chat services allow for the naming of a chat room that corresponds to a particular topic.
Most chat services are free, but some require a membership.
Chat session starts soon.
Most chat systems remain unconnected to the Web sites most users want to visit.
A chat is a thrush
CHAT Come on into the Chat information page.
CHAT live with modelers from around the globe.
Chats afford people the opportunity to share ideas and culture with others around the world.
Chats allow homeschoolers to communicate with each other through the computer.
Chats allow live, interactive typed conversations between two or more participants.
Chats are also an effective instructional tool during class time.
Chats are always open for observing.
Chats are an on-line exchange among class members.
Chats are another form online where people gather to find mutual support and information.
Chats are conversations.
Chats are fake.
Chats are in real time and interactive among class members.
Chats are informal and centered around general mental health and relationship questions.
Chats are often widely advertised, online and offline.
Chats are on a spiritual base.
Chats are online conversations that occur in real time.
Chats are particularly popular among young people.
Chats are perhaps of less use in courses.
Chats are possible as well.
Chats are real-time online discussions.
Chats are useful when a group needs to look at something on the screen while discussing it.
Chats are usually available on every day of the week at various times.
Chats are very convenient ways to communicate with others.
Chats can be either confidential or public.
Chats can be ongoing but are usually scheduled for a particular time and duration.
Chats can be ongoing or scheduled for a particular time and duration.
Chats can involve two or more people.
Chats come in various flavors.
Chats continue into the postseason.
Chats inhabit lowland tangles and thickets along rivers and floodplains.
Chats provide some support and interaction for the myasthenics.
Chats serves beverages, snacks and light fare.
Chats take place in Channels .
Chats take place interactively in real time.
Chats often require that all users have the same software or operating systems.
Chats usually take place at scheduled times.
All chats are an hour in length.
All chats take place on a scheduled time and day, which is determined by the participants.
Most chats are in Azerbaijani.
Most chats are open to everyone, while a few chats are for members only.
Most chats are text-based.
Most chats can connect with all others, with few exceptions.
A chatelaine is a mistress
Chatelaine offers information for women on health, family, work, food, and money.
Chatelaines are chain.
Chatelaines are mistresses.
Chatham soils are slightly acid to mildly alkaline in the solum.
Chatlet example is here .
A chatroom is a site
Chatroom is very busy during market hours and they ahve some awsome picks.
Chatrooms are a dynamic tool for non-native French speakers and a meeting place for native speakers.
Chatrooms are as well.
Chatrooms are down due to a server move by the provider.
Chatrooms are easily customizable .
Chatrooms are easily customizable.
Chatrooms are family oriented.
Chatrooms are great places to meet people and exchange tips and information in real time.
Chatrooms are great places to meet people online.
Chatrooms are unmonitored.
Chatrooms are Web-based forums for visitors to share information and network with one another.
Chatrooms can be a wonderful source of help and information.
Chatrooms come in many different varieties.
Chatrooms do provide structure.
Chatrooms involve live discussion.
Chatrooms make it easy for perverts to strike up friendships with unwitting kids.
Chatrooms provide more interactivity.
Chatrooms start to look welcoming.
Chatroom always open.
Chatrooms sometimes have a tendency to be hard to connect to.
Every chatroom has their own rules.
Some chatrooms are private.
Some chatrooms are subject-specific while others are purely for meeting people.
Some chatrooms enforce different rules and policies.
Some chatrooms organize special events or meetings.
Chatsworth folk are friendly.
A chattel mortgage is a mortgage
Chattel mortgages are also good security in Washington Territory and British Columbia.
Chattel mortgages are obsolete.
Chattel slavery is the most obvious and repugnant form of hierarchy.
Chattel is a personal property
Chattel is personal properties.
Chattel refers to personal property as opposed to real property.
Chattel refers to personal property such as a car, pet or jewelry.
Chattels generally remain outside the scope of the best evidence principle.
Chatter becomes a big problem with work of that type with the smaller light weight tools.
Chatter can destroy a cutting tool or spoil a surface.
Chatter fills the air, as does the crash of battle.
Chatter is a trance induction.
Chatter is also another great way to meet Jazzercisers and share ideas online.
Chatter is continual chat .
Chatter is illogical.
Chatter is noise.
Chatter is nonstop as they lace up their lacrosse shoes.
Chatter is rapid vibration that causes ridges or nicks.
Chatter is talk
Chatter is the medium of their connection.
Chatter isa conversation.
Chatter occurs during broaching.
Chatter seems vaguely profane.
Chatter suggests that granules break upon sectioning.
Chatters actually can see each other.
Chatters add to a story line.
Chatters also have direct, real-time control over their character.
Chatters also offers a relaxed atmosphere in our full service lounge.
Chatters also use emoticons to help express what they mean.
Chatters are an impatient crowd. .
Chatters are much the same.
Chatters ask routine questions, the candidate types back a canned response.
Chatters can all see and modify a popup picture.
Chatters can play sound files that others can hear.
Chatters can switch their on-screen identity at any time.
Chatters engage in direct, unmediated discussions that flesh out their pre-existing views.
Chatters is one of eight archaeologists suing the corps for permission to study the bones.
Chatters routinely misrepresent their age, marital status, and even their gender.
Chatters select or build their own characters, or avatars.
Chatters often lie about their age, occupation, even their sex.
All chatters are here to have a good time and make some new friends.
All chatters have the right to watch a game.
Every chatter needs to take a little breather now and then.
Most chatters agree, though, that chat is a limited means of communication.
Most chatters are nice.
Some chatters are more at home with the technology.
Some chatters offer a service and design custom-made gifs for people.
A chatterbox is a helleborine
Chatterbox lets characters entertain, inform and engage an audience.
Chatty dialogue takes readers vividly into meetinghouse, schoolhouse, and farmhouse.
Chatty parakeet explains wordy birdie.
A chauffeur is a driver
Chauffeur wears traditional attire.
Chauffeur wears traditional dark chauffeur attire.
Chauffeurs are all former police officers.
Chauffeurs are available for one fair transportation.
Chauffeurs are drivers.
Chauffeurs are professional drivers.
Chauffeurs dress appropriately depending on the occasion.
Chauffeurs drive many types of passengers.
Chauffeurs drive passengers in private cars, limousines, or vans owned by companies.
Chauffeurs shout out the destination of their car, and people entering the area enter the right car.
Chauffeurs often strive to pamper their passengers with attentive service.
Some chauffeurs use vans to drive travelers between the airport and hotels.
Chauffeured cars are available in major cities.
Chauvinistic misrepresentation exists even today.
CHCA bylaws allow the director to be a voting board member.
CHEA recognition maintains the tradition of voluntary non-governmental accreditation.
Cheap accommodation is offered in the few hotels around the monastery.
Cheap accommodation is scarce in Bucharest.
Cheap adjustments are like second-class eggs.
Cheap advertising is based on email.
Cheap alternative feeds key to summer milk production.
Cheap animations carry the possibility of costing even more.
Cheap apartments turn into parking lots.
Cheap balls have a tendancy to break and typically ruin the whole day.
Cheap beer is one of the few comforts left Zimbabweans.
Cheap beers have the best slogans.
Cheap bike are cheap because they use cheap parts.
Cheap bikes suck.
Cheap blenders have a tough time blending all the ice.
Most cheap boar bristles brushes contain bristles from domesticated boars in China and Japan.
Cheap booze is a form of rip-off.
Some cheap brands are bad news.
Cheap bulbs are generally cheap for a reason.
Cheap bumpers are another way for manufacturers to pass hidden costs downhill to consumers.
Cheap bungalows scatter both sides, alough sunset is quieter.
Cheap cabinets grow especially frail with old age.
Cheap calls are important for activism.
Cheap cars are quick money makers because people have the cash in their pockets ready to buy.
Cheap carpet is easy to spot-it's thin, lightweight, flimsily made.
Cheap cashmere is less soft and more fragile than expensive wool.
Cheap coal is one of our few international competitive advantages.
Cheap coffee is just a caffeine delivery system.
Cheap Contractors Are Never Inexpensive.
Cheap cookware can heat food unevenly, letting one section burn while another barely heats.
Cheap cookware is actually more expensive than quality.
Cheap copies use cheap parts, thats why they are cheap.
Cheap covers tend to drop fuzz in the paint.
Cheap cuffs are generally thinner and have sharper edges.
Cheap deals exist for theatres, cinemas and concerts.
Cheap design is expensive.
Cheap DJs are usually just that.
Cheap drinks are even spiffier than free food.
Cheap energy is a myth.
Cheap energy is good.
Cheap fans have thin plating that tends to rattle and deteriorate.
Cheap feed has cheap ingredients.
Cheap feed leads to more milk and lower milk prices.
Cheap fences cheapen the look of our town.
Cheap fertilizers are usually water soluble thus have a high potential to burn the grass.
Cheap fertilizers are usually water soluble, thus, have a high potential to burn the grass.
Most cheap fertilizers contain fast release nitrogen.
Cheap fingerlings are often of poor quality.
Most cheap fixtures have poor control of the light output, and they produce a lot of glare.
Cheap flats have such problems.
Cheap flights make any holiday more enjoyable.
Cheap fonts abound.
Cheap food is actually expensive.
Cheap food is cheap because the real cost is hidden.
Cheap food is even better.
Cheap furniture is usually cheap for a reason.
Cheap gas can make the best of cars run pretty bad.
Cheap gas makes all the difference.
Cheap gear performs cheaply.
Cheap gels have a tendency to dry up the scalp and generate flaking.
Cheap gin makes for stinky drinks that throttle the throat and fry the nasal passages.
Cheap grace is grace without anything succeeding it'.
Cheap grace is grace without discipleship.
Cheap grace is grace without obedience.
Cheap grace is seductive.
Cheap grace is the deadly enemy of our church.
Cheap grace is the preaching of forgiveness without requiring repentance.
Cheap grace means grace as a doctrine, a principle, a system.
Cheap grace means grace sold on the market like cheapjack's wares.
Cheap grace means grace sold on the market like the cheapjack's wares.
Cheap grace means grace sold on the market, like cheapjacks' wares.
Cheap grace means the justification of sin without the justification of the sinner.
Cheap grace means the justification of stand without the justification of the center.
Cheap hits abound.
Cheap hotels are another alternative, but be careful where they are located.
Cheap hotels are available in many small towns, but quality ranges dramatically.
Cheap hotels hug the one main road.
Cheap imports are nothing new to the steel market.
Cheap irons work well and usually have holes just around the edges.
Cheap jobs can sometimes bring far more headaches than their worth warrants.
Most cheap knives are flat with the cutting edge double angled to a thin cutting edge.
Cheap labor allows an extreme concentration of wealth and a widening income gap.
Cheap labor is in abundance.
Cheap labor is nearly impossible to find in any segment of the labor market today.
Cheap labor is plentiful and there is little government regulation.
Cheap labor is the core commodity for too many companies.
Cheap labor is their competitive advantage.
Cheap labor is trafficked into Thailand from Burma and other neighboring countries.
Cheap labour can only take a nation's economy so far.
Cheap labour plays a central role in maintaining current profit levels.
Cheap land promotes sprawl.
Cheap leadership is very expensive if unsatisfactory and ineffective services result.
Cheap leathers are sometimes pigmented splits with embossed imitation grain.
Cheap lenses are a total waste of money.
Many cheap lenses are plastic but better ones are made from glass .
Many cheap lenses are plastic but better ones are made from glass.
Some cheap lights can use only one rotating motor for mirror.
Cheap liquors tend to taste harsh.
Cheap m go raibh an tionscnamh seo an shuimi il.
Cheap m go raibh s athr anseo.
Cheap meals take a couple of hours to wait in line for.
Cheap meat can also help reignite export demand.
Cheap motels are favorites of a segment of touring riders.
Cheap motels are the best.
Cheap myth corruscates the man.
Cheap needles tarnish and bend.
Cheap news is reported with lies and deceit.
Cheap nukes are only a for-instance.
Cheap oil boosts the economy but discourages conservation.
Cheap oil is seen as the one component that has kept the American economy from freefall.
Cheap oil is self-evidently good for the economy.
Cheap ones are fibreglass.
Cheap ones are fine for beginners.
Cheap ones are fine.
Cheap ones are now out of stock.
Cheap ones fog up and are useless.
Cheap ones have a nasty habit of breaking.
Cheap ones raise blisters and tempers, plus they do a bad job.
Some cheap ones shrink and go hard and brittle.
Cheap paint darkens much more than quality paint.
Cheap paint is no bargain.
Cheap paints have poor spreadability and reduced coverage.
Cheap pans produce poor results.
Cheap paper has an inferior grain pattern and feels slippery to the touch.
Cheap parts make offers on anything.
Cheap pellets are false economy.
Cheap power is a good case in point.
Cheap power means industrial development, diversifying our income.
Cheap price means cheap quality.
Cheap prices are only part of the Internet's influence.
Cheap prices can be an attractive way of getting attention in an established marketplace.
Cheap prices mean cheap materials.
Cheap radios have no filtering on the receiver so a broad band of energy is detected.
Cheap rates are fine - just want to sell 'em.
Cheap rent comes at a price, though.
Cheap rents help.
Cheap replicas give children the impression that Native clothing is generic or easy to come by.
Cheap reproductions are usually troublesome to scan.
Cheap restaurants are everywhere.
Cheap Rewards Be the light switch operator.
Cheap rooms are hard to find.
Cheap rum causes blinding headaches.
Cheap sand has a high silt and clay content which is referred to as fines.
Cheap sandpaper can leave scratches.
Cheap scooters use plain ABS wheel rims.
Cheap sensors exist which have a measurable output when infrared light is present.
Some cheap servers are very slow because too many hosting and narrow bandwidth.
Cheap seventies adventure music plays as a montage of sci-fi scenes begins.
Cheap shears are a poor value.
Cheap shoes are the way to go, man.
Cheap shoes are, well, cheap shoes.
Cheap shot is a shaft
Cheap shots are fewer now in pro football.
Cheap silk has the meanest appearance of any cheap goods.
Cheap skates are more likely to break, too.
Cheap skates welcome.
Cheap sodas are a far cry from the kind of luxuries dot-commers have come to love and expect.
Cheap solutions loose it when the details added later by others lack coherence and synergy.
Cheap speakers tell fibs about their bass response.
Some cheap speakers run only on batteries.
Cheap speakerphones are half duplex, whereas more expensive ones are full duplex.
Cheap stocks are ones that beat analysts' expectations.
Cheap stocks can stay cheap for a long time.
Cheap strategies precede more expensive strategies.
Cheap stuff falls apart too fast.
Cheap stuff is heavy and uncomfortable.
Cheap stuff is obvious to the expatriate who has seen variety of condos.
Cheap stunts are okay, and leadership is our only choice.
Many cheap substitutes are of better quality.
Cheap suits are the problem.
Cheap synthetics make for bad friction.
Cheap Talk is cheap, the saying goes.
Cheap tech is a key factor fuelling the spread of micropower.
Cheap technology is another key element fuelling the spread of micropower.
Cheap telescopes are almost impossible to aim and keep aimed.
Cheap telescopes can be hard for beginners to set up and use.
Cheap thrills are fun, but when burnout comes, it comes hard.
Cheap thrills come in all shapes and sizes.
Cheap Tickets Find discount airline tickets and purchase online.
Cheap Tickets Locate and purchase tickets to games, concerts or other attractions.
Cheap tickets offers the cheapest airline tickets with all major airlines.
Many cheap tickets have connections through major hubs in the Midwest and the East Coast.
Cheap tools are never a bargain.
Cheap tools can be dangerous and are a waste of time.
Cheap tools have a short life span and often do more harm than good.
Cheap tools use up more air and do less work.
Cheap travel is as easy a mouse click with our discount airline tickets .
Cheap tricot slips underfoot.
Cheap trowels lose their sharp edge too easily and start to loosen in the handle.
Cheap units leak.
Some cheap valves have a flow control screw rather than a handle.
Cheap versions are a waste of time because they usually bend at the base of the handle.
Cheap videotape ruins the heads of camcorders, players, and editors.
Cheap watches provide a good analogy.
Cheap water is essential to the survival of agriculture.
Cheap Web is only available for accounts with shell access, however.
Cheap webcams tend to deliver washed-out images and have lousy low light sensitivity.
Cheap Website Hosting Our hosting page requires a frames capable browser.
Cheap wheat is imported.
Cheap workmanship is never inexpensive in the long run, as anyone knows.
Cheaper accommodation is also available.
Cheaper alternatives are on the market.
Cheaper alternatives are viable, legal and environmentally sound.
Cheaper bandwidth influences the development and proliferation of PC systems.
Cheaper bikes are heavy, expensive bikes are uncomfortable for casual riders.
Cheaper bottles tend to weep and make gear damp.
Some cheaper cages use enamel spray paints and coatings of foreign origin.
Some cheaper cars come with three-speed automatics, which can feel clunky when shifting.
Cheaper drugs are only a small part of any long term and effective solution.
Cheaper drugs are only part of the solution, however.
Cheaper fish includes mackerel and herring.
Cheaper food makes a big difference to the poor.
Cheaper gloves are usually a greater danger.
Some cheaper gloves use pigskin on the inside to reduce costs.
Cheaper goods are available everywhere.
Cheaper guns are deadful as well as expensive ones.
Cheaper handguns provide more microscopic residue on the shooter.
Cheaper homes come with smaller down payments.
Cheaper hotels are also available.
Cheaper labor is another result of high birth rates.
Cheaper land means greater volume.
Cheaper maps means more maps.
Cheaper ones have their edges trimmed.
Cheaper paints contain little or no titanium, relying instead on clay.
Cheaper paints provide less coverage and often require two or more coats.
Cheaper paints tend to be much thinner and promise to cover a larger area.
Cheaper papers are machine-made wholly of wood.
Cheaper parking starts on floor four.
Some cheaper phones do perform poorly.
Cheaper players have little arrow keys that step from one track to the next.
Cheaper prices lead to more sales and similar revenue.
Cheaper reeds are typically available in music supply shops, which are a lower quality fibercane.
Cheaper rooms are also available in the city.
Cheaper shipping is available.
Cheaper technologies are, however, lacking in the technology development program.
Many cheaper telescopes save money by using low end focusers.
Cheapest flight s available on the net.
Cheapest flights are our speciality, discount cheap flights fit for a king.
Cheapest labor can operate, and can be released for other work when locomotive is standing.
Cheapest luxury travels.
Cheapest tubes are fine.
Cheapish accommodation is plentiful and there is a good variety of moderate restaurants.
Cheapo option is a huge plate of soup.
A cheapskate is a miser
Cheapskates also have many different approaches.
Cheapskates are misers.
Cheapskates looking for a free workout are out of luck.
Some cheapskates fill their air boxes with old socks.
Cheat codes are available, but detracr greatly from the fun of the levels.
Cheat codes are free to registered users.
Cheat codes Hold down control key while typing.
Cheat grass has fluffy flowers and seed pods, forming a soft-appearing patch of grass.
Cheat grass is an annual weed that is already greening up in alleys and vacant areas.
Cheat grass is common along the roads and in vacant lots.
Cheat grass is the most common summertime problem.
Cheat Lake is a big draw.
Cheat Lake is great for small and largemouth bass, perch, bluegill, catfish, and walleye.
Cheat Lake is just outside of Morgantown.
Cheat River is in West Virginia and was accessible via railroad from major east coast cities then.
Cheat sheets are right here.
Cheat sheets are the life preserver for the student sinking into the abyssof an unstudied-for test.
A cheat is an offender
Cheats are available through our game download page .
Cheats are cool when the buggers are too tough to handle.
Cheats are deception.
Cheats are in-game methods of beating a game.
Cheats are probably the number one way to destroy the community.
Cheats are the codes that unlock an arsenal of treasures better than gold for the gamer.
Cheats basically increases the fun factor in playing a game.
Cheats is such an ugly word.
Cheats only work in single-player mode.
Cheats range from ultra-fast players to changing the scoring system.
Cheats Type the following cheats to achieve the desired result.
Cheats Unlock new teams.
Cheats often prosper and crooked men reach the top.
All cheats work for both sides.
Some cheats are really obvious to spot.
Cheated margins are very obvious.
A cheater is an offender
Cheaters alert Surveying the state of cheating is tough work, especially if the respondents cheat.
Cheaters also cheat themselves of a real education.
Cheaters are about as low and scummy as they come.
Cheaters are an unfortunate reality in the world of online games.
Cheaters are located in casinos.
Cheaters are located in schools.
Cheaters are people.
Cheaters benefit over cooperators for they benefit twofold.
Cheaters bring shame to institutions.
Cheaters defies expectations and ends up being both cynical and inspirational.
Cheaters don t strike it rich in the biotech market.
Cheaters have been know to discretely shake the table at opportune moments.
Cheaters is Dickey's sexy, sassy, and sharp-tongued new novel.
Cheaters is more than just a good beach read for the summer.
Cheaters leave without a refund, and are restricted from returning.
Cheaters lurk in dark alleys.
Cheaters never do any favors for anyone.
Cheaters never prosper if they're always getting caught.
Cheaters never prosper.
Cheaters never win they just sin.
Cheaters never win.
Cheaters risk an F for the semester and worse.
Cheaters risk permanently damaging their future careers.
Cheaters ruin everyone's fun.
Cheaters ruin the community and therefore, ruin the game.
Cheaters think they can prosper.
Many cheaters use cellular telephones to communicate with their lovers.
Some cheaters have custom software designed especially to generate false hits.
A cheatgrass is grass
Cheatgrass establishes by seeds only.
Cheatgrass greens up early in the season, but quickly turns to an inedible, combustible straw.
Cheatgrass greens up early in the spring before the native grasses.
Cheatgrass greens up quickly, forming a thick carpet that looks deceptively lush.
Cheatgrass helps fires spread faster, and the weed returns before most other plants after a fire.
Cheatgrass invades sites soon after disturbance.
Cheatgrass thrives with more available nutrients, especially nitrogen.
Cheating are located in classes.
Cheating are part of affairs.
Cheating are social events.
Chebe bread is made from manioc flour and has a wonderful cheese flavor.
Chebe bread is wonderful cheese bread that is also gluten free.
Chechen president decrees control of state TV-radio.
Check box represents an option that can be switched on and off.
Check boxes allow for multiple responses in a single group.
Check boxes allow for multiple selection options.
Check boxes allow the user to make choices.
Check boxes allow the viewer to select as many choices as they like from the list.
Check boxes appear as small rectangles, rather than as small circles.
Check boxes appear now at the bottom of the dialog box.
Check boxes are a convenient way to quickly and easily enter data into a form.
Check boxes are another method used to select options.
Check boxes are for closed-ended answers, where any number of options can be chosen.
Check boxes are little squares.
Check boxes are similar to radio buttons, but by convention their selection models are different.
Check boxes are square.
Check boxes are visible and functional with all list view modes.
Check boxes assist in making limiter selections more accurate.
Check boxes exist for each catagory.
Check boxes look similar to check boxes on printed forms.
Check boxes represent a series of options that can be selected in any combination.
Check boxes work a bit differently when it comes to de-selecting it as compared to radio buttons.
Check card has correct, legible bib number.
Check card requires approval.
Check clearing takes approximately two weeks.
Check constraints are optional.
Check constraints promote consistency.
Check constraints provide better data integrity.
Check digits are available.
Check digits make the systems even more accurate.
Check fraud continues to be a growing problem.
Check fraud is everyone's problem.
All check ins are welcome.
Check lists are important, but they are merely a collection of sometimes unrelated activities.
A check mark is a mark
Check marks are boring and number ratings are for the naive.
Check marks are marks.
Check marks indicate groups that rate political candidates.
Check marks indicate new or updated collections.
Check marks indicate that links are working.
Check marks indicate the advantage of that particular test.
Check marks indicate the participation of a given engineering disciplne group.
Check marks indicate when a student has acted up.
Check marks show good identification of main points X is a missing main point.
Check outs are for two hours, and require that a free account be established.
Check points are more numerous than retry points.
Check points are to save lives, but also do much more for the community.
Check sheets are available from the department secretary.
Check sheets are due at next meeting.
Check sheets can be useful for clarifying an assignment.
Check valve is mandatory.
Check valves are available in various designs.
Check valves are notoriously unreliable.
Check valves are often part of common household items.
Check valves are self-actuating valves.
Check valves let water into and out of each chamber.
Check valves let water into and out of the chamber.
Check valves look different, but function the same.
Check valves prevent the water from draining into the steam line.
A check is a draft
Check abbreviations the abbreviations for board names at the beginning of the notebooks.
Check account to see if money is there.
Check accounts lists for conflicts.
Check accounts on server, delete messages.
Check accounts to have users authorized or terminated from system access.
Check aim and adjust headlights.
Check aim for low beam headlights.
Check alleys, playgrounds, parks, and roadside ditches.
Check angles, distances and proportions.
Check answer key.
Check answers immediately to calculate a potential score.
Check answers using the graphing calculator.
Check apply, and change the color to black.
Check aquastat operating pressures.
Check armpits, groin area, in hair and behind ears daily.
Check assignments on a weekly basis.
Check assignments regularly for quality and completeness.
Check assignments the student is about to turn in to course professors.
Check bait daily and replace it as it is consumed.
Check bait periodically for mold.
Check bales weekly for holes.
Check bars about once a week.
Check beans daily for symptoms of thrips feeding and virus infection.
Check bearings in wheels, furrow openers and seed-metering drives for wear.
Check bears the name, address, and telephone number of the check's presenter.
Check bears the social security number of the check's presenter.
Check beds at night and shake out the bedding before getting into bed.
Check begin at a bark instead hurry yakima rack.
Check bilges, live wells and trailers at ramps to minimize spread of exotics to unaffected areas.
Check bindings for any tears before each use.
Check bindings for broken or missing parts.
Check bins for leaks and poor ventilation.
Check bins for leaks, and stop rain from getting in.
Check blades periodically for nicks as well as sharpness.
Check blocks regularly for wear, remove mud from the slots regularly.
Check bookcases, clothing and paper piles.
Check bookstores for guidebooks, there are many.
Check bookstores to get a feel for pricing of books.
Check borrower registration to see if the patron's card is about to expire.
Check box each day to make sure material is damp.
Check boxes again during early spring to determine use by wood ducks.
Check boxes at the left to return fewer fields in the search results.
Check boxes beside site names send to all recepients at that site.
Check boxes for appropriate statistics.
Check boxes for both cross-platform format and appended movie format.
Check boxes for damage.
Check boxes for SMPs.
Check boxes next to tasks allow teachers to keep track of progress on each unit.
Check boxes once or twice per week with minimal disturbance to the birds .
Check boxes Simply click on a check box to mark and unmark.
Check boxes that somehow apply.
Check boxes To allow various options to be switched on or off.
Check boxes to indicate the area of interest to query the databases for.
Check boxes to monitor the draft as it unfolds.
Check boxes where an action is to be taken.
Check boxes with multiple display styles.
Check brakes daily.
Check brakes, wheels, steering.
Check breaks before leaving.
Check cabins, return equipment and materials to place, assist site host in closing up site.
Check call to built-in for correct arguments.
Check calves closely for early symptoms of illness three to six times daily for the first two weeks.
Check caps prices.
Check cards weekly to track population levels and evaluate treatments.
Check cashing ATMs are on many banks' wish lists.
Check cashing in small amounts is also available to students.
Check cashing outlets use predatory pricing, making transactions overly expensive.
Check cashing places have some serious p.r. problems.
Check cashing policy is limited to the amount of entry fee only.
Check cashing privileges are available for authorized personnel.
Check catalogs for adult curriculum possibilities.
Check catalogs for individual maturity time.
Check catalogs for partial tolerance in some varieties.
Check catalogs for statements about affirmative action and fee waiver policies.
Check ceilings for leak stains.
Check ceilings for leaks.
Check celebrate on one reviews but carry agressive skating.
Check cheapbytes .
Check check one two.
Check check out our election guidelines .
Check circuits for over fusing or test circuit breakers.
Check circuits with a voltmeter.
Check claims and labels carefully.
Check claims status online.
Check clamps and U joints for brine leaks and repair, replace any sand contaminated by brine.
Check clams occasionally, without shaking pan.
Check classifieds and bulletin boards in cafes and at colleges.
Check classifieds for availability.
Check classifieds for costs.
Check classifieds sections of newspapers.
Check classifieds to see if salary is listed in any of the ads or search the internet.
Check classifieds, and bulletin boards in cafes and at colleges.
Check clutch and shift linkage.
Check clutch free play.
Check commands Includes two commands, check, and ratio.
Check contacts then if worse comes to worse get a known good dash and install.
Check controls for freedom of movement.
Check controls immediately.
Check cookies before end of baking time to prevent overbaking.
Check copy carefully.
Check corks on a weekly basis and re-apply cork grease as needed.
Check covers and paper record sleeves for damage.
Check cows for lice and parasites and medicate as needed.
Check cows for signs of heat at least three times a day, more frequently if possible.
Check cows frequently during calving season.
Check cows frequently.
Check cows that calve for signs that the calf has nursed.
Check create a desktop shortcut .
Check cross level of track at each truck of load car or cars.
Check cross reference information of inventory items.
Check cucumbers daily and pick at the first sign of maturity to promote a heavy crop.
Check cupboards regularly and check 'use by' dates.
Check cups daily to watch for changes.
Check damp basements and water condensation areas.
Check dates and deadlines.
Check dates and rates online without waiting.
Check dates carefully.
Check dates forward or backwards.
Check dates here.
Check dates on dairy items.
Check dates on form files to be sure that they are for current agency versions.
Check dates on individual courses.
Check dates on mail and newspapers.
Check dates on perishable items.
Check dates to be sure of a first printing of a first edition.
Check dates to ensure documents are current and signed by a medical examiner.
Check dates to make sure positions are still current.
Check dates to see if specific issue is available.
Check dates, places, times with the appropriate organizer.
Check dates, times and prices for special events and weekly gatherings.
Check deadlines carefully on all other applications.
Check deadlines in packet immediately.
Check deadlines on college applications and plan accordingly.
Check deadlines schedule.
Check departures as well as arrivals, delays, schedule changes.
Check diagrams below for technique.
Check diagrams the next day.
Check dictionaries and handbooks for unfamiliar terms.
Check die Practice out none truth by most axe.
Check directories of minority and women academics in the discipline.
Check directories that list international events.
Check directories, newspapers, maps, gazetteers, histories, government and local records.
Check displays regularly and replenish as needed.
Check dodge durango brake fluid monthly.
Check dodge durango oil every other fill up.
Check dodge durango power steering fluid level once per month.
Check dodge durango transmission fluid monthly with engine warm and running, and parking brake on.
Check dogtags to see date of last revision.
Check drain holes and cover vents, openings and ports.
Check drain hose where it connects below the sink for blockage or a kink in the hose.
Check drains about once a week to be sure they are working properly.
Check drains for free flow.
Check drive for installed media.
Check drop ceiling over egg room for rodent activity.
Check ducts for obvious air leaks.
Check ducts yearly for loose connections and holes.
Check ears daily for proper maturity.
Check eaves, foundations and floorboards for holes and cracks.
Check enclosures daily for messes that can be quickly cleaned.
Check encyclopedias for the author's name and look for examples of the artist's work.
Check examines the link between abortion and contraceptives.
Check explode to search groups of related headings together.
Check facts carefully between one set of notes and the next.
Check facts for accuracy.
Check features carefully before ordering.
Check feed dogs, height, alignment, and timing.
Check feeders regularly.
Check fencerows, ditch banks and waste areas periodically for musk thistles.
Check fields every ten days to two weeks.
Check fields out visually.
Check fields regularly during periods of armyworm activity.
Check fields regularly to monitor crop and weed development.
Check fields regularly, especially in poorly drained areas where high humidity hangs on.
Check fields to view.
Check fields twice a week once seedlings emerge.
Check fields twice weekly.
Check fields weekly for about a month.
Check fields weekly for stink bugs after heads begin forming.
Check fields weekly or more often, depending on pest and damage.
Check fields weekly.
Check figures twice.
Check fill hoses for loose connections.
Check fill level and tighten vaporizers filler caps.
Check fill pipe caps.
Check filters carefully for any damage.
Check filters monthly, replace of clean when a layer of dust has accumulated.
Check filters monthly.
Check filters once a month.
Check filters regularly.
Check fixtures regularly and make the adjustments that are needed.
Check fluids regularly.
Check fly ash prior to use to ensure the absence of heavy metals.
Check folding high chairs are stable and that the locks work.
Check follow through with target.
Check footnotes for more information.
Check fuh yuself.
Check fuses at main box and at breakaway box.
Check fuses, thermostats, and electrical connections.
Check gait in the older child.
Check gaskets around refrigerators and freezers by closing the door on a piece of paper.
Check gaskets around unit refrigerator and freezer doors for air leaks.
Check gaskets for wear and tear.
Check gaskets, fittings and non-return valve for leaks.
Check gauges when tires are cold.
Check grills before the first barbecue, ensuring that hoses and valves don t have cracks or leaks.
Check guides to determine proper tax codes for each state.
Check hear for details.
Check help menus or wizards.
Check help screen for instructions.
Check here offten.
Check insert in conference bag for exact location.
Check ipchains webpage for how to set up the ipchains tool.
Check is always face down.
Check is due at time of reservation.
Check is offset by half.
Check issues a year old or two to see if the firms are still operating.
Check joints for range of motion or swelling.
Check joints for square.
Check keys again, if no improvement, replace keyboard.
Check labels carefully for active ingredients.
Check labels carefully for specific requirements.
Check labels carefully, however.
Check lanterns for any damage and report to supervisor if found.
Check lanterns to see if they have been tag tested, and whether the test is current.
Check latch function on self cleaning models.
Check lawns .
Check lawns for chinch bug, armyworm and sod webworm.
Check lawns for disease and insect problems.
Check lawns for presence of crane fly larvae.
Check lead screws for backlash and retest for drive and positioning.
Check lead under dishmachine causing water to pool.
Check leads, confirm pulselessness.
Check leaves and stems for discolored areas indicating possible fungal diseases.
Check leaves for first feeding damage.
Check leaves for signs of damage and examine the ground for dark fecal droppings.
Check leaves now for mites.
Check leaves regularly for caterpillar damage and control by hand.
Check leaves to see if iron chelate is needed.
Check lender sites to compare rates.
Check libraries for back issues.
Check lighthead harness wiring from power supply to the bad lamp.
Check lighting around the house, make sure the house is well lite.
Check link above for times.
Check link below for a whole range of information and resources for students.
Check link below for full match details.
Check link below to get realtime level.
Check link for contest rules.
Check link for details.
Check link for guest performers.
Check link for more information.
Check link for rates.
Check link for schedule of events.
Check link for schedule of the course.
Check link for the band schedule.
Check link three weeks before event for details of employers attending, directions, etc.
Check links at right for more information and participants' comments.
Check links below to see if online reservation system is operational yet.
Check links regularly to be certain that they work.
Check list Up to six slides of artwork, labeled and in plastic slide sheet.
Check listings frequently.
Check listings magazines for details.
Check listings magazines or click here for details.
Check listings regularly because many have short deadlines.
Check listings regularly for additions and cancellations.
Check lists for each belt loop, outlining the requirements are included.
Check lists for evaluating a practice.
Check lists for what to take on the trip.
Check lists on the pages for the three tests and the individual syllabus pages.
Check lists to property owners in order to increase safety in, among other places, staircases.
Check locates current mover's Kings and stores the position in the attack register.
Check log files for errors.
Check log files for more infos.
Check log files for warning signs.
Check logs for errors.
Check look and feel of map tool.
Check maize regularly for moisture, heat, mold, insects or off odors.
Check marigolds, verbenas, roses and tomatoes for yellow, speckled leaves and spider-like webbing.
Check mark the microphone then click ok.
Check mark the spot next to Disable WINS Resolution.
Check mark the 'transparency' option and click on the 'dropper'.
Check marks in following time slots indicate continuance of drug administrations or an activity.
Check marks next to commands indicate features that are currently in effect.
Check marks next to section titles indicate the section has been completed.
Check massages .
Check measurements once more then weld in place, alternation sides to prevent overheating frame.
Check meet announcement for recreational and non-standard courses.
Check meet results and league schedule as available.
Check mesh for emulsion residue.
Check models below for new pricing.
Check moles every six months for any changes.
Check monitor to allow remote connections.
Check monitors on temperature sensitive equipment.
Check nests regularly for activity and record the findings.
Check note on first page regarding components.
Check notes for daily grade.
Check notes for descriptions of distinctive characteristics of an item to help determine a match.
Check notes for updates.
Check oils in engine, transmission, and drive for water contamination.
Check openers regularly for wear.
Check orders online, generate automated email and fax notification.
Check outs for most materials are for one week with one renewal.
Check packages for freshness dates.
Check pasture throughout summer for signs ragwort and remove any weeds that are found.
Check pears daily for ripeness.
Check pets before they enter the house.
Check pets carefully, they are a source of entry for ticks entering the house.
Check pets frequently during tick season, especially around the face and ears.
Check plans with the appropriate faculty advisor.
Check plans with with the appropriate faculty advisor.
Check plants daily once they begin to bear.
Check plants each day and water only if the soil is dry.
Check play equipment at least once each week.
Check play in steering wheel.
Check playgrounds and the back yard for safe surfaces such as mulch, rubber or fine sand.
Check playgrounds regularly to see that equipment and surfacing are in good condition.
Check playgrounds regularly to see that equipment and the ground are in good condition.
Check pockets, please.
Check points along the path require periodic demonstration of ability before movement is permitted.
Check points for a review of the situation are to be established at that time.
Check potatoes with a fork to see if they are done.
Check preferences for the correct voice pitch.
Check preferences to be sure to set the voice to the appropriate gender, male or female.
Check progress frequently.
Check progress periodically and make adjustments when necessary.
Check pump connector for good condition.
Check pump motor for reversing during the pump out.
Check pupils' passes each day to ensure they are entitled to travel.
Check purchases, to ensure that purchased meat is of good quality.
Check quizzes allow too little time.
Check quotes against original source.
Check quotes from the Bible .
Check rabies information and neuter status.
Check redirect it to people or distribution list .
Check references A critical area to investigate is service.
Check references The qualifications, experiences, and services offered by foresters vary.
Check remember password, and click on 'OK'.
Check remember password.
Check reports for missing data and obvious mistakes, and observe trends in the data.
Check reports for the current payroll cycle.
Check reports online.
Check requirements on specific collection page.
Check result against standard, or consult representative spectra if necessary.
Check results .
Check results and make any required changes.
Check results carefully vs. trusted soft- ware.
Check results here .
Check results here.
Check results page for updated brackets.
Check results wherever possible.
Check results Work problems backwards, then forwards.
Check return trains to Bombay.
Check rheostat in sight.
Check rims for cracks, dings, dents, loose or broken spokes or other deformity.
Check risers for sludge level and proper flow to drainfield.
Check roofs for obvious damage over the summer.
Check routes all over the world.
Check routes for nests before climbing and consider using other routes to avoid disturbance.
Check rules for year only.
Check rules governing display materials and allowable apparatus.
Check run locations for directions.
Check run time parameters in pcf file.
Check runs, automated and manual.
Check sauces carefully or make nonfat versions from wine and herbs.
Check sauces for pricing.
Check scales regularly for accuracy, and make an effort to use the same scale on subsequent visits.
Check seals on refrigerator and freezer door gaskets.
Check seeds weekly for mold and discard any moldy material.
Check send mail on check .
Check serves as reservation.
Check sets a new member variable called rettype, the 'return type' of the expression.
Check settings now.
Check settings on the communication software.
Check shelves regularly to assure volumes are in correct order.
Check show listing by date for attendees.
Check show rules and regulations for prize eligibility and conditions.
Check show schedule for details.
Check show to show the custom field, and mandatory to force users to answer it.
Check sidewalls for cuts and nicks.
Check signs around campus for the week's topic.
Check sills and framing for water and weather damage.
Check skates regularly to make sure they are in good condition.
Check snares frequently because they are often knocked down by nutria and other animals.
Check soffits for signs of moisture buildup.
Check sources that compile lists of data resources for government and other agencies.
Check specs below.
Check sprockets and pulleys for wear and damage.
Check spruce trees for aphids.
Check staffs hands for nicks, cuts etc.
Check states for individual deadlines.
Check stats here Check old stats here.
Check stats page for latest info.
Check stats page for more info.
Check statutes for each state.
Check steal results.
Check stems, roots and vascular system.
Check stems, twigs, branches or trunks for damage or signs of the presence of a pathogen.
Check sticks regularly for cracks.
Check stops upon member s death.
Check strips reduce channel cutting by interrupting the water flow across the bare soil.
Check sumps periodically.
Check supplies frequently for contamination or dampness.
Check supports for newly planted trees to ensure they are securely anchored for the winter.
Check supports on climbers.
Check suspect spelling in a dictionary.
Check switch hook and keypad for stuck keys .
Check switch settings on peripheral equipment.
Check switches with the tool unplugged.
Check sync by putting one reference on the left speaker and the other on the right.
Check syringes for polymer leakage or polymer buildup behind plunger.
Check syslog for any errors.
Check tanks for cleanliness and add bactericide.
Check tanks periodically for leaks.
Check threads on manual or air tailgate linkage, adjust and keep well lubricated.
Check throttle linkage for sticking or binding.
Check tie downs on mobile homes and boats.
Check tourdates for more info.
Check traps at least once a day.
Check traps daily and record the number of midge.
Check traps daily and use fresh bait each day.
Check traps daily to minimise injury to captured birds and release all non-target species.
Check traps daily to replenish bait or remove the catch.
Check traps daily to see if bait is being taken.
Check traps daily until the first adult is caught and then weekly thereafter.
Check traps daily.
Check traps frequently for slugs hiding under and around the base or lid.
Check traps once or twice a week.
Check traps twice daily since gophers often visit the traps within a few hours.
Check traps twice daily to replenish bait or remove the catch.
Check trim for tightness of fit at joints and caulk.
Check trunks above barriers for evidence of small larvae working just beneath the surface.
Check updates .
Check use plain text editor to compose messages .
Check use related terms for more thorough searching.
Check valleys annually.
Check valve solenoid for valve power input.
Check valves .
Check valves allow water flow in and out as appropriate.
Check valves and pressure release devices are also advisable in apparatus.
Check valves and relief valves allow flow in one direction only.
Check valves function to prevent backflow.
Check valves have a check inside.
Check valves required on filler neck and vent.
Check valves separate each of the four accumulators from the instrument air system.
Check valves, shotgun riser valves, threaded and grooved fittings.
Check varieties carefully for width and height growth.
Check varieties with compact clusters, developing shoots, flowers, or fruit clusters.
Check vents, flue pipes, connections, and chimneys periodically for corrosion or blockages.
Check vents, louvers, and chimneys for bird nests, squirrels, insects, etc.
Check vores nyheds side for mere information .
Check walk mats for safety.
Check watch for securty camera rotation.
Check windows once a year.
Check words that students have underlined.
Check work carefully .
Check work carefully to avoid such problems.
Check work carefully.
Check works of our member writers.
Checks accepted are subject to collection.
Checks account for about a third of retail spending.
Checks account for about a third of retail transactions, the company says.
Checks account for about one-third of retail spending.
Checks account for more than a third of retail spending.
Checks account for more than one-third of retail spending.
Checks airfoil selection with calculated reynolds numbers for selected design speeds.
Checks allow payment of bills without having to carry large sums of cash.
Checks also serve to confuse the Hounds.
Checks are a frequently used method of payment.
Checks are a necessity in modern business.
Checks are a type of draft.
Checks are acceptable by mail and fax .
Checks are acceptable.
Checks are actually preferred.
Checks are also acceptable, see below .
Checks are also acceptable.
Checks are also available to spouses.
Checks are also the most expensive form of payment for retailers.
Checks are also welcome.
Checks are approx.
Checks are available for pick-up upon request.
Checks are available in blue, green, tan or red.
Checks are available in the single or dual signer format.
Checks are available nearby for the member to record and sign for their purchase.
Checks are best to send through the mail.
Checks are better, and certified funds are great.
Checks are bills.
Checks are blemishs.
Checks are cheaper.
Checks are circles.
Checks are consumers preferred method of payment for goods and services.
Checks are co-payable to parent and college.
Checks are customer's expense.
Checks are drafts.
Checks are due as soon as possible.
Checks are due within one week of booking reservations.
Checks are easy to write, widely accepted and their legal status as proof of payment is clear.
Checks are evident between the second and third annuli.
Checks are exchangeable for a number of privileges.
Checks are fine too, just e-mail to confirm purchase.
Checks are fine.
Checks are good and can be used from the first date through the last date.
Checks are great, but some people prefer to use their credit card.
Checks are held until vendors are selected.
Checks are here to stay.
Checks are highly intensive.
Checks are human activities.
Checks are in place to make sure that mutual recursion never takes place.
Checks are inspections.
Checks are instruments.
Checks are legal forms.
Checks are legal tenders.
Checks are likely to be thrown away.
Checks are limited to the amount of total fees.
Checks are located in banks.
Checks are located in boxs.
Checks are located in cash registers.
Checks are located in checkbooks.
Checks are located in wallets.
Checks are long since out of use.
Checks are negotiable instruments.
Checks are non-existent.
Checks are non-refundable.
Checks are obstructions.
Checks are often cheaper when purchased directly from a check printer.
Checks are OK, also.
Checks are ok.
Checks are okay.
Checks are only for banks.
Checks are optional.
Checks are otherwise nonrefundable.
Checks are part of ice hockeys.
Checks are payable to the Baton Rouge Area Auburn Club.
Checks are payable to the City of Newport Beach.
Checks are payable to the Town of Bar Harbor.
Checks are preferred, please.
Checks are preferred.
Checks are prepared and the filings are mailed to the appropriate state and county offices.
Checks are provided by comparison of several lines of the same stage of ionization.
Checks are reliable and convenient for most transactions.
Checks are re-movable for testing.
Checks are routine and can easily turn into something far worse.
Checks are safe, convenient, and provide a receipt for proof of payment.
Checks are sent quarterly - there is no minimum amount.
Checks are simple and convenient.
Checks are simple.
Checks are slower.
Checks are sometimes random and are very common.
Checks are subject to a three day waiting period.
Checks are subject to bank verification of funds.
Checks are subject to verification of funds with the financial institution.
Checks are subject to verification.
Checks are the DNA of politics.
Checks are the most prolific form of payment mechanism.
Checks are the most widely used means of transmitting money.
Checks are the only acceptable form of payment.
Checks are the preferred means of payment .
Checks are the preferred method of contribution.
Checks are the preferred method of payment.
Checks are there within two days.
Checks are to be drawn on a U.S. bank.
Checks are to be made directly to the faculty member responsible for the lessons.
Checks are to be made out in U.S. currency, and payable on a U.S. bank.
Checks are to be made out to The Trustees of The University of Pennsylvania .
Checks are to be made payable to Geneva City School District.
Checks are to made payable to The Iron Mountain Lutheran School.
Checks are too expensive.
Checks are unacceptable.
Checks are unheard of.
Checks are used for bills.
Checks are used for pay.
Checks are used for payings.
Checks are weaves.
Checks are welcome for quarterly or longer periods.
Checks are welcome with personal identification.
Checks are welcome.
Checks are work.
Checks are written monthly for all amounts owed, there is no minimum commission.
Checks arrive each month without fail.
Checks assure a reservation.
Checks authorize only one signature.
Checks bear the institution's general ledger chart of accounts identifier.
Checks blanket for proper post number.
Checks bounce, and tempers flare.
Checks build times and modified time from input and reconstructs the tree if necessaery.
Checks build times and modified time from input and reconstructs the tree if necessary.
Checks can also cause confusion with edge interpretation.
Checks can be computer generated in a single batch, as a single check, or entered as a manual check.
Checks can be paper-mailed to the address given in the registration form.
Checks can help change things because a picture can be an effective conversation starter.
Checks can only be from a party or the attorney's client trust account.
Checks chart against database of known problems.
Checks come in continuous or laser printer formats in a variety of different colors and styles.
Checks come in contrasting colors - use a different one for each account.
Checks come on time everytime.
Checks confirm reservations.
Checks continue to be a significant form of payment for consumers.
Checks continue to be the most widely used retail payment instrument after currency.
Checks cover an overnight stay in a room with a shower and toilet, and prices include breakfast.
Checks covering weekly or monthly payments are preferred.
Checks cross in the mail - buyer sends check, seller sends item at same time.
Checks diary daily for bookings.
Checks drawn on foreign banks can take up to three months for clearing.
Checks drawn on U.S. banks and money orders in U.S. funds are always welcome.
Checks feed into the check reconciliation module for simple bank reconciliation.
Checks file headers and extensions to try to determine the format of a file.
Checks fly in like barn swallows swooping to a mown field.
Checks forms for completeness and files materials according to an established filing system.
Checks gauges to see that boilers are functioning properly at the required level.
Checks go out next week to the Lipscomb kids' homes.
Checks issued by Disbursements are in the U.S. mail the same date as issuance.
Checks issued elsewhere in France take two days.
Checks kitchen to make sure necessary supplies are available.
Checks mailbox daily.
Checks make up nearly a third of consumer spending.
Checks min to enforce minimal password age.
Checks occur when wood shrinks and the timber separates along grain lines.
Checks offer more protection to the merchant than credit cards.
Checks passes and collects launch fees.
Checks provide a safe way to handle money.
Checks reports for completeness and necessity for further action.
Checks require a postal sending to contain the payment.
Checks require a two week advance order, credit card only one week advance order.
Checks require clearing.
Checks require one month for bank clearance prior to refund.
Checks require only one signature unless otherwise indicated.
Checks require photo identification.
Checks require two signatures in order to be cashed.
Checks rhythm immediately before discharge.
Checks secure sites.
Checks serve all the same functions as money.
Checks syntax only, without generating an object file.
Checks take a few days to clear.
Checks take about four weeks to process.
Checks take an additional week.
Checks take approximatly two weeks to clear.
Checks take longer to process through the system.
Checks take longer.
Checks take only a few seconds of connect time.
Checks take the longest of any option in line.
Checks take three weeks delay to ship.
Checks take two weeks to clear.
Checks take two weeks.
Checks there are no passengers on car deck.
Checks too are expensive to handle.
Checks usages such as compound words, vagueness, euphemisms, and abbre-viations.
Checks wait to clear before sending order.
Checks weigh products and records results.
Checks work fine.
Checks work in progress to be certain it meets standards.
Checks work output of clerical staff to ensure adequate level of quality.
Checks work the same here as in the applications options section.
Checks work thoroughly.
Checks work with all banks.
Checks wraps and renders personal assistance to patrons.
Check always accept cookies.
Checks always arive on time.
Checks often develop in the most undesirable places.
Checks usually have to clear.
Checks usually take about ten days to clear.
Checks usually take about ten weekdays to clear .
All check ins welcome.
All checks are available in One-Part and Duplicate format.
All checks are digital.
All checks are duplicates.
All checks are fully tax deductible.
All checks are in U.S. dollars.
All checks are payable to Elm Tree Jr. Golf.
All checks are secure.
All checks are subject to a seven day waiting period before shipping product.
All checks are subject to prior clearance.
All checks are to be signed by two officers.
All checks are top tear and have the latest security features to help prevent check fraud.
All checks containing restrictive endorsements are null and void and non-binding on the college.
All checks containing restrictive endorsements are null and void and nonbinding on the university.
All checks have a standard size and layout.
All checks investigated are for criminal prosecution.
All checks nee to be drawn on a United State's bank.
All checks received are to be restrictively endorsed immediately upon receipt.
All checks require a signed release from the individual.
All checks require two signatures.
ALL checks take two weeks to clear.
Any check head racquetball through a women because somebody consider our run from shown.
Any check interrupts the forward motion of the boat and slows it down.
Any check returned by the bank for any reason is considered a dishonored check.
Every check has to show three addresses.
Every check is a minute.
Every check is printed with the latest security features.
Every check sent to the cable television company is a vote in favor of consumerism.
Every check written is a mini-billboard that makes a statement.
Many checks are undeliverable because the address on the tax return is eligible or incorrect.
Many checks are undeliverable because the address on the tax return is illegible or incorrect.
Many checks are undeliverable because the address on the tax return was illegible or incorrect.
More checks have been put it, so the program can detect most oddly formed xylop and xyin files.
Most checks are self-explanatory or can never happen.
Most checks arrive three weeks after classes start.
Most checks reach the beneficiary by mid-month.
Some check prevents profit-seeking business from interfering.
Some checks have one or two additional small holes.
Some checks have two additional small holes as in the example below.
Some checks have two additional small holes.
Some checks have two and even three such engravings.
Checkable deposits are deposits which checks can be written against.
Checkable deposits are usually the lowest cost source of bank funds.
Checkable luggage is unloaded at processing center.
Checkable references req'd.
A checkbook is a record
Checkbooks are located in desks.
Checkbooks are located in desktops.
Checkbooks are located in drawers.
Checkbooks are located in draws.
Checkbooks are located in purses.
Checkbooks are records.
Checkbooks are used for financial management.
Checkbooks are used for payings.
Checkbooks belong to the world of the flesh.
Checkbooks have checks.
Most checkbooks can only do one thing - checking.
Most checkbooks can only do one thing.
Most checkbooks can only do one thing-checking.
Most checkbooks only do one thing - checking.
Checkbox.value property returns the value that was passed in from the input.
Checked baggage are also subject to security clearance.
Checked baggage has to be personally identified by passengers before it is loaded on the aircraft.
Checked baggage is also subject to limits.
Checked baggage is available on all trains.
Checked boards are available.
Checker flags are triple stitched for added durability.
A checker is an attendant
Checkers are angels in disguise.
Checkers are attendants.
Checkers are board games.
Checkers are dominoes are played as long as new sets remain intact.
Checkers are examiners.
Checkers are men.
Checkers are most valuable while killing penalties.
Checkers are red and dark chocolate, comes with white and milk board.
Checkers are responsible for lodging, transportation and food.
Checkers are the quality control of harvest.
Checkers are various patterns that range from light to dark to velvet T-pattern checks.
Checkers does a great job at setting up new franchise owners.
Checkers finds a new place to hide each time a new game is played.
Checkers Get smart or be out smarted.
Checkers goes beyond that extent.
Checkers has a number of interesting strategic elements.
Checkers has some sound effects, including speech.
Checkers has the best fries in the whole world and their burgers are pretty good too.
Checkers has the intrigue of chess but is simple enough for players of all ages.
Checkers includes sound effects and speech.
Checkers increase observability, allowing design teams to find more bugs earlier.
Checkers is a fun, simple game that's been around for hundreds of years.
Checkers is a game.
Checkers is a sheltie and is about eleven months old.
Checkers is a single-game match, and can be played timed or untimed.
Checkers is actually quite a freak.
Checkers is also an option.
Checkers is always checkers.
Checkers is an eccentric character, to say the least.
Checkers is beautiful, most Apps are dull.
Checkers is boring.
Checkers is like looking down a well.
Checkers is manic-depressive and unpredictable.
Checkers is much faster, but there is much more thinking involved in chess.
Checkers is now a great family game.
Checkers is played on the dark squares only.
Checkers is quite a character.
Checkers is the game.
Checkers is the right size for a child to ride, yet large enough for a small adult.
Checkers keep all team members on task.
Checkers looks like a large red fox.
Checkers offer simple strategy, learning to take turns and the enjoyment of playing again and again.
Checkers output diagnostic information to help pinpoint the cause of each warning message.
Checkers Play a classic game of checkers against the computer.
Checkers Play a fun game of checkers against the computer.
Checkers Play a nice old fashion friendly game of checkers against the computers.
Checkers Play a real game of checkers against a computer.
Checkers Play against the computer.
Checkers Play checkers against the computer or against a friend.
Checkers Play checkers against the computer.
Checkers Play some freeware checkers.
Checkers Play with a friend.
Checkers provides quarterly visits from a franchise consultant.
Checkers satisfies the normal termination rule, but it is loopy.
Checkers See the rest of our site.
Checkers Simply play.
Checkers Visit the upper left before the lower right.
Checkers often calculate numbers to determine that the correct information is displayed.
Some checkers are the right size.
Some checkers check syntax but some also comment on style issues.
Checkerboard patterns are very difficult to remove and smooth out.
Checkerboard isa surface.
Checkerboards are part of chess.
Checkerboards have (part) sections.
Most checkerboards are part of chess.
All checkers books contain errors.
A checking account is a bank account
Most checking accounts have a minimum balance requirement.
Checklist Credits BUGS Go to the first, previous, next , last section, table of contents .
Checklist filters provide dozens of possible reports.
Checklist format helps householders spot fire hazards from attic to cellar.
Checklist information reflects the sequence of information in the steps of the procedure.
Checklist interpretation varies with auditor's experience, bias, and subject matter expertise.
Many checklist items are hyperlinks to pages containing more details on the specific item.
Checklist steps can vary depending on the department and position.
Checklist subjects range from contracting to lead-based paint to process management.
Checklist surveys are easier to fill out and raise response rates.
Checklist surveys are helpful assessment tools.
A checklist is a list
Checklist also includes built-in security by person and supervisor.
Checklist are an aviation mainstay that ensure all procedures are accomplished and, therefore.
Checklist Check out their background.
Checklist covers pre-harvest planning, logging operation and project close out phases.
Checklist establish the identity, location and contact details of the retailer.
Checklist includes rare oystercatchers.
Checklist is a three-page form.
Checklist is filled out completely, however, with minimal information.
Checklist is now available.
Checklist is provided.
Checklist isa list.
Checklist offers a unique single sheet with data entry on the main search window.
Checklist select a suitable room for a conversation with no interruptions.
Checklists also exist for birds and mammals.
Checklists apply the principles discussed and make the entire process easy to understand.
Checklists are a great way to communicate required actions.
Checklists are an important part of the presentations.
Checklists are an important tool for community-based health workers who provide contraceptives.
Checklists are another way of helping people to retain items in short-term memory.
Checklists are available for developers, multifamily, single family and remodelers.
Checklists are available for evaluating district grievance procedures.
Checklists are available for revocable trusts, wills and irrevocable life insurance trusts.
Checklists are available for several of the indexes.
Checklists are available from the curio shop.
Checklists are available in each degree program.
Checklists are available to guide the facilitators activities before and during the workshop.
Checklists are available.
Checklists are especially good for editing.
Checklists are handouts that have the skill mechanics broken down into a sequential order.
Checklists are hard to do, way too many branches.
Checklists are helpful for everyone, but they are especially important for disorganized children.
Checklists are interactive and link with synoptic displays of systems.
Checklists are lists.
Checklists are means of abstracting and transferring knowledge.
Checklists are part of each student's permanent file, which is maintained by the department.
Checklists are the first line of defense against mistakes of omission.
Checklists are very helpful when planning a trip.
Checklists are wonderful aids to making a good decision.
Checklists can be a valuable tool for quality assurance.
Checklists can be an excellent training tool for PHA team leaders.
Checklists can be especially helpful.
Checklists can function independently or as components of other checklists.
Checklists can help engineers identify common design faults during the design phase.
Checklists can show a group assessment from both the perspective of student artist and group member.
Checklists can sometimes help employees stay focused on a task and organize their work.
Checklists can useful for guiding manual inspection testing.
Checklists contain items that are important or relevant to an issue or situation.
Checklists ensure more thorough and efficient management of crises.
Checklists ensure that sector leaders complete essential tasks during the emergency.
Checklists exist, but they offer limited views of the child's capabilities.
Checklists guide the planning and decision making process.
Checklists have (part) items.
Checklists have an identifying number on the upper right hand.
Checklists help couples through every part of the planning process.
Checklists help important tasks.
Checklists help keep track of food-safety details at the restaurants, such as cleaning schedules.
Checklists help tasks.
Checklists Make extra copies of the blank checklist form.
Checklists provide a clear direction for the reader to follow.
Checklists provide interesting qualitative information, but have two shortcomings.
Checklists provide no validated criteria for referrals, and have unknown reliability.
Checklists provide no validated criteria for referrral, and have unknown reliability.
Checklists provide overviews.
Checklists provide structure and consistency to the process.
Checklists provide the objective criteria by which to score each student.
Checklists result in a comprehensive PHA review, minimizing omissions or incomplete system reviews.
Checklists serve to improve communications between customers and system builders.
Checklists summarize each division.
All checklists are in Adobe Acrobat format.
Many checklists are available for other regions of British Columbia.
More checklists are available in the articles cited.
More Checklists Here is the complete list of all checklists.
Most checklists contain great links to other useful sites.
Most checklists help important tasks.
Most checklists help tasks.
Most checklists provide overviews.
Some checklists are on a clipboard, but every team has one.
Some checklists help students.
A checkmate is a victory
CheckMATE allows focus and flexibility.
Checkmate automates the management of authorized item lists.
Checkmate comes in a plain white box that is safety sealed and double shrink wrapped.
Checkmate finishes a game.
Checkmates are rare in competitive chess.
Checkmates are victories.
Checkmatic software is very affordable.
All Checkmatic software is network ready.
A checkout counter is a counter
Checkout counters are at the top left.
All checkout equipment is to be returned in the same condition as originally issued.
A checkout is an inspection
Checkout begins by placing a library card under the scanner.
Checkout begins when a patron places a library card under the system's scanner.
Checkout Check out books, pick up requests, obtain storage items, lost and found, etc.
Checkout dive to be determined.
Checkout is by the honor system.
Checkout limits is a prime example.
Checkout Operate the system for at least one complete cycle.
Checkouts are counters.
Checkouts are for the current semester.
Checkouts are unlimited.
Checkouts range from two hours to three days.
All checkouts are limited to three days.
All checkouts are subject to recall if needed for group use on a professor's reserve shelf.
Checkpoint adaptation precedes spontaneous and damage-induced genomic instability in yeast.
Checkpoint file indicates which data has been written from transaction logs to .edb files.
Checkpoint regulation plays an important role in an organism's development.
A checkpoint is a stop
Checkpoint isa place.
Checkpoints also operate in meiotic cells.
Checkpoints also register signals from outside the cell.
Checkpoints appear around certain areas in levels.
Checkpoints are common and increasingly frequent on the outskirts of Basra.
Checkpoints are on major terrain features.
Checkpoints are regulatory mechanisms that control transitions between cell cycle phases.
Checkpoints are stops.
Checkpoints are taken less frequently than deadlock is checked for.
Checkpoints are useful when the same part of a workload needs to be executed multiple times.
Checkpoints comprise part of each project.
Checkpoints ensure the correct order of events within the cell cycle.
Checkpoints go up at fifteen miles.
Checkpoints guarantee accuracy because each transaction is automatically balanced and verified .
Checkpoints help ensure that forward movement is productive and appropriate.
Checkpoints Know what they are and how they are regulated - Fig.
Checkpoints maintain integrity.
Checkpoints occupy hard disk space.
Checkpoints occur at server shut down or periodically during server operation.
Checkpoints register signals from inside and from outside outside the cell.
Checkpoints relate to the principles of the relevant guideline, and each one has a priority listing.
Checkpoints tell the cell to stop dividing when something goes wrong.
Checkpoints There are delicious snacks and drinks along the route.
All checkpoints have food, water sports drink and restrooms.
All checkpoints have restrooms.
Many checkpoints require accurate navigation, especially in misty conditions.
Most checkpoints can also provide pa- per copies.
Most checkpoints maintain integrity.
Some checkpoints are too remote for by-pass mail service.
Some checkpoints govern others.
A checksum is confirmation
Checksum takes care of latter.
Checksums apply to the postscript version.
Checksums are confirmation.
Checksums are incorrect in transmitted packets.
Checksums are necessary on some bar codes that are prone to errors.
Checksums are optional for most sentences, according to the standard.
Checksums are unnecassary.
Checksums help guard against tampering.
Checksums look as good as anything again.
Checksums take too long to compute.
A checkup is an examination
Checkups also can help find any new tumors.
Checkups are especially important for early detection of cancer and heart disease.
Checkups are examinations.
Checkups prevent illness and find many problems early.
Cheek implants come in all shapes and sizes.
Cheek implants help to improve the flat appearance of the cheek area.
Cheek mangabeys have tails.
A cheek pouch is a pocket
Cheek pouches are present and are used to store food.
Cheek pouches are present.
Cheek pouches become evident and the jaw lines sag.
Cheek pouches can hold about one stomach-sized amount of food.
Cheek pouches minimize night foraging and exposure to predators.
Cheek pouchs are pouchs.
Some cheek pouches carry food.
Some cheek pouches contain grapes.
Some cheek pouches contain wild grapes.
Some cheek pouches facilitate food intake.
Some cheek pouches facilitate intake.
Some cheek pouches fill with food.
Some cheek pouches hold food.
Cheek teeth appear during the first month of life.
Cheek teeth are bunodont in some forms, but more commonly selenodont .
Cheek teeth have high crowns for grinding.
Cheek teeth have roots.
Cheek teeth have shapes.
Cheek teeth occur in all families.
All cheek teeth lack cement and are lowcrowned with transverse ridges and cusps.
Most cheek teeth have roots.
Most cheek teeth have shapes.
Some cheek teeth have patterns.
Cheek am Stranger onto either makers at either dozen.
Cheek curse behind several flour next amuse sportcraft volleyball nets.
Cheek has (part) cheek muscles.
Cheek has (part) corpi.
Cheek has (part) lobes.
Cheek holds food.
Cheek holds plant food.
Cheek is a feature
Cheek is a practicing attorney in Johnson City.
Cheek is also a community volunteer.
Cheek is body parts.
Cheek is features.
Cheek is generally the truth.
Cheek is gray in adult birds.
Cheek is part of faces.
Cheek is solid objects.
Cheek isa body part.
Cheek lain on sweats.
Cheek provides a compelling and nuanced understanding of both.
Cheek rot , as the name implies, develops on the cheek of the fruits.
Cheek serves in many capacities as a volunteer.
Cheeks are clean and flat.
Cheeks are clean with well-developed jaw muscles.
Cheeks are clean.
Cheeks are flat and clean.
Cheeks are flat.
Cheeks are full.
Cheeks are lean.
Cheeks are muscular and prominent.
Cheeks are muscular without coarseness.
Cheeks are puffy, no eyebrows.
Cheeks are richer than other cuts of beef.
Cheeks are the meters of joy or sorrow.
Cheeks are vital organs.
Cheeks are well developed and firm.
Cheeks are well developed.
Cheeks become blotchy and wet.
Cheeks completely scaled, only upper half of the gill cover is scaled.
Cheeks hang down.
Cheeks help animals to keep food in place while they chew it.
Cheeks turn a little pale as art, the beautiful image of humanity, turned into the making of stool.
Most cheek holds food.
Most cheek holds plant food.
Some cheek fills with air.
Some cheek has pouches.
Some cheek is part of faces.
Some cheek is part of heads.
Cheekbone definition can appear to improve and the lips often look better as well.
Cheekbone implants are the most common implant procedure for TSs.
A cheekpiece is a strap
Cheekpieces swivel on all broken mouthpiece applications.
Cheer causes cheer.
Cheer causes happiness.
Cheer is approval.
Cheer is commendation
Cheer is laundry detergent.
Cheer is singles.
Cheer is sitcoms.
Cheer is television shows.
Cheer is tv shows.
Cheer isa message.
Cheer spend by that wages while drive florida state seminoles collectibles.
Cheer spend by that wages while drive new york jets apparel.
Cheer spend by that wages while drive packers poster.
Cheer spend by that wages while drive practice jerseys.
Cheers are often longer, and only used one time.
Cheers build to a crescendo.
Cheers caters to a traditionally big-brewery palate.
Cheers combines the local flavor and needs of each area with a customized event.
Cheers come from the house and midnight was finally here.
Cheers echo up ahead on the course as the leaders fight for position.
Cheers erupt after several volleys of gunfire.
Cheers erupt after taps is blown.
Cheers erupt as the team grabs flags, shovels and a map to mark a site of combat.
Cheers erupt as word spreads through center.
Cheers erupt each time the show's panelists have to be physically separated.
Cheers erupt from down river.
Cheers erupt throughout the meeting room.
Cheers fill the room.
Cheers follow as more orders are placed in just a few seconds.
Cheers go out from management.
Cheers go up as archers compete for the coveted black arrow.
Cheers go up from the excited crowd each time a practice round is played correctly.
Cheers go up.
Cheers is a very funny show.
Cheers is open for lunch with a great food menu served until the wee hours of the night.
Cheers is still a very funny show.
Cheers is still great, even on old tapes that are losing their sound.
Cheers mate, nice one.
Cheers offers western cuisine in a relaxing and fun atmosphere.
Cheers rang across the floor.
Cheers rang out in the cool night air, made warm by the presence of so many joyful people.
Cheers rang out loudly and smiles returned to the faces.
Cheers rang out.
Cheers recognizes achievement of consequence among faculty, staff and students.
Cheers resound as the driver safely maneuvers across.
Cheers ring loud for Renaissance Rock Island, a team that has no trouble winning.
Cheers rise from the dark belly of the stadium.
Cheers takes place at a bar in Boston.
Cheers takes place in a bar in Boston.
Cheers then mate.
Some cheers come from the stands, where parents and little sisters sit and watch the game.
Cheerful chaos reigns when goats share the milking parlor with visitors.
Cheerful children declare they merely want to play in pairs.
Cheerful fiction is the glue.
Some cheerful men love jobs.
Cheerful obedience is part of relating well to authority.
Cheerful people live longest here on earth, afterwards in our hearts.
Cheerful people look at the bright side of the situation.
Cheerful socks perk up a cold winter day.
Some cheerful types are certain to disagree.
Cheerful volunteer is poised to meet visitors to the fair.
Cheerfulness is an attribute
Cheerfulness too promotes health and immortality.
Cheerfulness turns dinner into a feast.
Cheering is noise.
Cheering is support.
A cheerio is a farewell
Cheerios are cool.
Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
Cheerios are healthy and light.
Cheerios are magnetic because they contain iron.
Cheerios are one of many good options.
Cheerios bring back memories.
Cheerios floating in the toilet bowl are great fun to aim at.
Many Cheerios bounce out of the dustpan and have to corralled again.
A cheerleader is a leader
Cheerleader exposes gender and sexual desire as social performances learned over time.
Cheerleader plays like a loopy fairy tale, without a shred of real drama.
Cheerleaders act as liaisons between the crowd and the team.
Cheerleaders add to the atmosphere of the game.
Cheerleaders also attend alumni events as well as speaking at local schools.
Cheerleaders also have to be in top physical condition.
Cheerleaders are a big part of sports marketing, which is a multimillion-dollar industry.
Cheerleaders are actresses always ready to go, That is why it's important for all the world to know.
Cheerleaders are always there whenever someone asks.
Cheerleaders are an interesting bunch.
Cheerleaders are athletes, and cheerleading is a sport.
Cheerleaders are dancers who have gone retarded.
Cheerleaders are dancers who've gone retarded.
Cheerleaders are eligible for four half tuition scholarships.
Cheerleaders are entertainers.
Cheerleaders are evident at the games as well as a dance team.
Cheerleaders are experts in gymnastics, dance and fitness.
Cheerleaders are full of life and a little bit out of their mind.
Cheerleaders are fun, happy people, and are sure to bring a smile to anyone s face.
Cheerleaders are generally annoying, but maybe that's what golf needs.
Cheerleaders are know for their bubbly personalities and big smiles.
Cheerleaders are leaders.
Cheerleaders are like faithful dogs.
Cheerleaders are like lesbians in that movie.
Cheerleaders are masters of gymnastics.
Cheerleaders are part of athletic competitions throughout the United States.
Cheerleaders are responsible to the cheerleader sponsor.
Cheerleaders are simply a jump above the rest.
Cheerleaders are skilled gymnasts.
Cheerleaders are supporters.
Cheerleaders are the only ones who know how to fly high and reach their goals at the same time.
Cheerleaders are to organize and lead the support at athletic events.
Cheerleaders are to promote school spirit at athletic events, pep rallies, and other special events.
Cheerleaders are useless.
Cheerleaders Attend and supporet home basketball games.
Cheerleaders cheer at all football games and perform during half time.
Cheerleaders cheer at basketball and wrestling games.
Cheerleaders cheer at football, soccer and volleyball games.
Cheerleaders do it with more enthusiasm.
Cheerleaders do their routines.
Cheerleaders entertain the audience in the gym.
Cheerleaders entertain the crowd.
Cheerleaders fantasize about quarterbacks and vice versa.
Cheerleaders find themselves leading bigger, more exuberant crowds.
Cheerleaders get the crowd going for spirit week.
Cheerleaders go off.
Cheerleaders have to be dedicated to their team and practice a lot just like in many other sports.
Cheerleaders help cheer our teams on to victory in football,basketball,and wrestling.
Cheerleaders here say that cheering is as much as a sport as any thing else.
Cheerleaders interview the players during the game.
Cheerleaders keep the entire uniform and pompoms at the end of the season.
Cheerleaders know how to juggle their schedules better than anyone during school.
Cheerleaders lead fans in positive support.
Cheerleaders lead fans in positive yells in positive manner.
Cheerleaders lift during the class spirit competition.
Cheerleaders now shake their moneymakers on the sideline.
Cheerleaders participate at all sports team competitions and sports assemblies.
Cheerleaders perform routines that include dancing, tumbling, cheering, stunting and jumping.
Cheerleaders perform under the basket during games.
Cheerleaders perform while the judges tally points, with cash prizes for the top three performers.
Cheerleaders play a big role in setting the tone among fans.
Cheerleaders practice throughout the week and it takes up much time.
Cheerleaders promote college spirit at home athletic events.
Cheerleaders Promotes the athletic program through a variety of on and off court activities.
Cheerleaders provide encouragement.
Cheerleaders provide vocalized support for the team.
Cheerleaders show their spirit at the volleyball game.
Cheerleaders stand on the sidelines during a game and do cheers and chants to encourage their team.
Cheerleaders start their season in the summer and continue throughout the school year.
Cheerleaders support the athletic teams at competitions throughout the fall and winter seasons.
Cheerleaders take advantage of the trampolines, rod floor, and tumble trak.
Cheerleaders Travel to Orlando .
Cheerleaders travel with the football and basketball teams to most away games.
Cheerleaders work out and stay in shape like the athletes they cheer for.
Cheerleaders work really hard perfecting every move and going the distance.
Cheerleaders sometimes use gymnastic mounts in their performance s.
All Cheerleaders can do a herkie on one leg or the other.
All cheerleaders have to abide by the athletic code.
All cheerleaders have to be present at sign up to be fitted for their uniforms.
All cheerleaders receive full athletic scholarships.
More cheerleaders bring out bigger and bigger flags and the celebration continues.
Most cheerleaders are girls.
Most cheerleaders carry a B grade point average or better.
Most cheerleaders think it is about time.
Some cheerleaders even hold down a part-time job.
Some cheerleaders smoke as does a devil worshiping student in another scene.
Cheery kitchen opens to living room with fireplace.
Cheese balls are great as desserts, too.
Cheese cakes are sometimes difficult to cut cleanly.
Cheese cloth is used to make cheese, as well as to finely strain other foods.
Some cheese cloth provides ventilation.
Cheese courses can be tough on profit margins while still providing rewards.
Cheese crisps stay crunchy for up to one week.
Cheese cultures are necessary to inoculate the milk with friendly bacteria.
Cheese demand dominates the U.S. dairy sector in the coming decade.
Cheese demand is fair, best for process and mozzarella.
Cheese demand is weak.
A cheese dip is a dip
Cheese dip is great with pretzels for instance.
Cheese enchiladas dressed in a lime-tomatillo sauce are good enough for company.
Cheese factory burns down after being hit by lightning.
Cheese food is milder in flavor, soft and spreads easily.
Cheese fries are an extremely unhealthy food.
Cheese lovers enjoy milk cheese of guarented origin.
Cheese makers use an enzyme from animals' stomach linings to curdle milk.
Cheese makers vary the curd-whey ratio to produce a variety of cheese textures.
Cheese making is a nexus for all manner of disciplines.
Cheese making is both an art and a science.
Cheese Market Operates during the spring and autumn.
Most cheese markets are fairly steady with a cautious undertone.
Most cheese markets are steady.
Cheese peaches are an elegant dessert.
Cheese platter includes a combination of cheddar, jalapeno, havarti and low fat choices.
Cheese pockets are easy to make cookies.
Cheese prices are basically at support.
Cheese prices are steady to weak due to relatively high inventory levels and lack luster demand.
Cheese prices remain very low due to seasonal surpluses, average demand, and growing stocks.
Cheese prices seem to be strengthening.
Cheese Prices Stabilize Blocks and barrels decline only slightly.
Cheese products vary widely in their acceptability to lactose intolerant people.
Cheese production is also important.
Cheese production is also up.
Cheese production is an art, like fine winemaking or brewing.
Cheese production is pretty uniform throughout the year.
Cheese production relies on applications.
Cheese production remains strong due to increased milk production and better cheese yields.
Cheese Reporter welcomes letters to the editor.
Some cheese sandwiches create different effects.
Some cheese sandwiches create effects.
A cheese sauce is a sauce
Cheese sauces adhere best to small pastas cuts with lots of surface area.
Cheese spread is paste
Cheese spreads tend to be high in sodium.
Many cheese spreads contain gelatin, which is another meat by-product.
Cheese stocks are down, the milk supply is down, and demand is up.
Cheese stocks are higher than a year ago.
Cheese stocks are satisfactory due persisting excess milk supplies which are fueling production.
Cheese stocks are satisfactory due to persisting excess milk supplies which are fueling production.
Cheese substitutions welcome.
Cheese wax is reusable.
Cheese wax is softer and more flexible than the other types.
Cheese whey is produced during the separation of casein and whey as the curd for cheese is produced.
Cheese adds flavor.
Cheese adds flavour to lentils and pulses.
Cheese also contains many of the essential lipids needed by the human body.
Cheese also has a variety enough to stimulate various appetites.
Cheese brings help to a weak stomach.
Cheese can also be a good match, even for very sweet wines.
Cheese can be a satisfying and nutritious main ingredient in many entrees.
Cheese can be almost any colour.
Cheese can be natural or blended.
Cheese can be tasty if it's high-quality.
Cheese can cause lactose intolerance.
Cheese can go a long way in helping meet the calcium requirements.
Cheese Check out the power of cheese, and make a loved one melt.
Cheese choose medium and low fat varieties and use as an alternative to meat at a meal.
Cheese comes from cows.
Cheese comes in many forms ranging from soft to hard.
Cheese comes in many types or families.
Cheese contains almost all of the essential vitamins, minerals, and other nutrients found in milk.
Cheese contains both fat and protein along with many other beneficial components.
Cheese contains chemicals.
Cheese contains high quality protein which is easily digested.
Cheese contains volatile chemicals.
Cheese contains, in a concentrated form, many of milk's nutrients.
Cheese continues to ripen no matter how carefully it is stored.
Cheese cook toward little choice still rises ultramagnetic mc's.
Cheese covers the top and is warmed in oven until cheese melts.
Cheese doesnt come from cows.
Cheese dream across any handkerchief but wonder denver broncos memorabilia.
Cheese easily transforms old favorites into new creations with rich tastes and textures.
Cheese forms another important ingredient of Italian cuisine.
Cheese goes great with wine or beer.
Cheese has (part) cheese rinds.
Cheese has calcium , protein , and phosphorus .
Cheese has calcium, protein, and phosphorus.
Cheese has calories.
Cheese has flavor.
Cheese has holes.
Cheese has loads of fat.
Cheese has many things in common.
Cheese has moisture.
Cheese has more fat than meat and comes from the same place.
Cheese has nutrients.
Cheese has strong odor.
Cheese has two influences on the human body.
Cheese includes flavor.
Cheese includes strong flavor.
Cheese is a concentrated form of milk's nutrients.
Cheese is a concentrated source of calcium.
Cheese is a dairy product
Cheese is a delicious invention.
Cheese is a dime extra.
Cheese is a favorite kid food.
Cheese is a food that pairs well with many drinks and foods.
Cheese is a good source of calcium.
Cheese is a good source of protein.
Cheese is a good substitute for red meat when reducing fat in the diet.
Cheese is a good thing.
Cheese is a growth sector.
Cheese is a meal in and of itself.
Cheese is a metaphor for purity, probably because it's made from pure white milk.
Cheese is a new worm spreading on the Linux system.
Cheese is a popular food and there are many varieties of cheese available.
Cheese is a rich source of protein and calcium.
Cheese is a very nutritious food.
Cheese is a very popular sandwich filling both at home and away.
Cheese is a very rich source.
Cheese is a viscoelastic material that is able to flow under quite small stresses.
Cheese is a worm, but it at least tries to do good.
Cheese is added and melts into the burger as it cooks and steams.
Cheese is added to each patty and then more potato to cover.
Cheese is also a culprit.
Cheese is also a good snack.
Cheese is also an excellent source of protein that most families buy on a regular basis.
Cheese is also excellent.
Cheese is also popular here.
Cheese is always a crowd pleaser.
Cheese is always a welcome gesture of appreciation and hospitality.
Cheese is always a winner.
Cheese is an ancient food made by people all over the world.
Cheese is an even more concentrated source.
Cheese is an excellent food by itself and is also an ingredient in many recipes.
Cheese is an excellent source of calcium.
Cheese is an exceptional food, providing proteins, fats, vitamins and minerals.
Cheese is an important part of Greek cuisine.
Cheese is an important source of high-quality protein, vitamins, and minerals, as indicated below.
Cheese is another major cause of most migraine headaches.
Cheese is another type of cultured milk product.
Cheese is basically milk, culture and rennet.
Cheese is best when heated slowly at low temperatures.
Cheese is brought in from all over the country to be sliced, diced, shredded, chunked and wrapped.
Cheese is capable of salad dressings.
Cheese is cheesed off and Tangerine is terrified.
Cheese is chic.
Cheese is common, as is yogurt, but milk is absent and butter almost non-existent.
Cheese is concentrated pus.
Cheese is convenient, it's versatile, it' s actually nutritional, and best of all, it tastes good.
Cheese is cured or aged by the process of micro-organisms, which are living things.
Cheese is dairy products.
Cheese is derived from milk .
Cheese is derived from milk.
Cheese is drained, heat, pressed.
Cheese is easiest grated at home and brought to the site in a plastic zip-lock bag.
Cheese is essentially curdled milk, a pretty shelf-stable dairy product.
Cheese is everywhere.
Cheese is extra.
Cheese is fat, with salt.
Cheese is food.
Cheese is found, moved, then found again.
Cheese is good, too.
Cheese is grated on top.
Cheese is heavy and bulky.
Cheese is high in calcium and phosphate and other minerals.
Cheese is in one location.
Cheese is included on pizza.
Cheese is just soured milk before it becomes edible.
Cheese is like the best thing ever.
Cheese is located in fridges.
Cheese is located in markets.
Cheese is located in pizzas.
Cheese is located in plates.
Cheese is located in refrigerators.
Cheese is made at the camp's smoke house.
Cheese is made from curdled milk.
Cheese is made from curds.
Cheese is made from flour and oil.
Cheese is made from milk, cultured with bacteria, and treated with an enzyme.
Cheese is made from nutritious milk.
Cheese is made from the curd.
Cheese is made in small quantities with raw whole milk from Vermont cows.
Cheese is made of milk.
Cheese is made of proteins and fats from milk, often matured by bacteria or other organisms.
Cheese is made using milk .
Cheese is made using milk.
Cheese is made using rennet from pigs and is often made from unpasteurized milk.
Cheese is magazines.
Cheese is melted at the table and served on tiny plates.
Cheese is mixture.
Cheese is mostly fat and casein.
Cheese is nouns.
Cheese is nutrient and calorie dense so one serving is one ounce or the size of four dice.
Cheese is nutritious as it is a good source of protein and is high in calcium.
Cheese is nutritious but can be high in fat.
Cheese is often well tolerated.
Cheese is on bread.
Cheese is one of the best sources for calcium, a nutrient essential for healthy teeth and bones.
Cheese is one of the best sources of calcium, a nutrient essential for healthy bones and teeth.
Cheese is one of the best sources of calcium.
Cheese is one of the most varied and widely produced foods in the world.
Cheese is one of the staples in French cuisine.
Cheese is optional.
Cheese is our friend.
Cheese is packed with fat and extra calories.
Cheese is part of pizzas.
Cheese is precipitated from milk, tofu from soybeans.
Cheese is probably every mouse's favorite dish.
Cheese is put in the refrigerator.
Cheese is relatively solid, but tricky to cast.
Cheese is ripened in special storage rooms with carefully controlled climates.
Cheese is shipped year round.
Cheese is software.
Cheese is sold on site, in gourmet shops across the country and by mail order.
Cheese is sold to distributors, wholesales, by mail order and through the retail store.
Cheese is solid food
Cheese is solid food.
Cheese is such a great product.
Cheese is such a huge staple in the Mediterranean diet from morning to nighttime.
Cheese is susceptible to the growth of fungi.
Cheese is the biggest seller of organs on the black market for Spam.
Cheese is the biscuit of drunkards.
Cheese is the driver.
Cheese is the oldest and most natural way of preserving milk.
Cheese is the perfect accompaniment to wine.
Cheese is the principle and most expensive ingredient found in our recipes.
Cheese is used in some dishes .
Cheese is used in some dishes.
Cheese is usually a solid.
Cheese is usually home made since many people have sheep and goats.
Cheese is very flexible.
Cheese is weird stuff really.
Cheese is what is coveted.
Cheese is yucky.
Cheese is, bread, cheese slice, and bread.
Cheese isa food.
Cheese isa matter.
Cheese isa nutrient.
Cheese keeps best in the refrigerator.
Cheese leads to crackers.
Cheese lives a passion.
Cheese made by acid coagulation tends to be unripened.
Cheese makes a powerful addition to any meal.
Cheese makes a remarkable culture medium for bacteria, which stay alive for up to six months.
Cheese makes great hair.
Cheese makes one thirsty but onions make a worse thirst.
Cheese making in New England is almost as old as New England itself.
Cheese making uses few ingredients, but is one of the most difficult culinary arts to perfect.
Cheese mix together in medium bowl.
Cheese needs a mentor.
Cheese needs to be immersed in the brine.
Cheese offers lots of variety.
Cheese plays a significant role in many best-selling concepts.
Cheese presents a challenge in foodservice settings where fat is an issue.
Cheese provides calcium and protein.
Cheese provides the calcium requirements.
Cheese provides the necessary calcium.
Cheese provides vitamins.
Cheese relies on bacteria for production as well.
Cheese represents a tasty treat.
Cheese rises to top when done.
Cheese seems to have a cavity sparing effect.
Cheese settle without the bar since matter shooting pants.
Cheese takes years to give the same effect.
Cheese tastes great, but more importantly it contains essential nutrients, such as calcium.
Cheese tends to make a wine taste better, too.
Cheese transforms the eating experience.
Cheese uses milk.
Cheese writes most of the material , sings all parts , and plays all the instruments.
Cheeses are a form of concentrated butterfat.
Cheeses are a specialty and the website features both cheese and tea of the month clubs.
Cheeses are also a good calcium source.
Cheeses are everywhere.
Cheeses are great, snacking on carrots, celery, cucumber works as well, nuts are good too.
Cheeses are high in unsaturated fats.
Cheeses are our specialty.
Cheeses are very high fat.
Cheeses are very versatile and are also one of the more nutritous foods.
Cheeses come in lots of different tastes and textures.
Cheeses contain salt for preserving as well as for flavor.
Cheeses do have seasons.
Cheeses form an important part of the Swiss diet.
Cheeses generally contain less lactose than milk.
Cheeses Give as snacks or in a sandwich.
Cheeses is everywhere.
Cheeses Look for nonfat cheeses or part-skim lite cheeses.
Cheeses loosely fall into three categories.
Cheeses owe their various flavors almost entirely to different kinds of combinations of bacteria.
All cheese is from a local Wisconsin factory.
All cheeses are perishable, but careful storage can prolong their life.
All cheeses are to be excluded from the child's diet.
Many cheeses are high in saturated fat.
Many cheeses change texture in the freezer.
Most cheese adds flavor.
Most cheese contains chemicals.
Most cheese contains volatile chemicals.
Most cheese has calories.
Most cheese has moisture.
Most cheese has nutrients.
Most cheese includes flavor.
Most cheese includes strong flavor.
Most cheese is made from cow's milk, although some is made from goat, sheep and water buffalo milk.
Most cheese packs a powerful mass of calcium.
Most cheese provides vitamins.
Most cheese uses milk.
Most cheeses are acidified by bacteria .
Most cheeses are acidified by bacteria.
Most cheeses coat the palate and hide the wine's imperfections, if it has some.
Most cheeses do well in a humid, cool environment.
Most cheeses have no lactose contents, because it's lost into the whey during cheese making.
Most cheeses lose flavor and change texture.
Most cheeses prefer a humid, cool environment.
Most cheeses reduce the risk of developing cavities.
Most cheeses respond best to low and medium temperatures.
Some cheese can reach peak condition in a week, while others require up to five years of aging.
Some cheese has appearances.
Some cheese has capacity.
Some cheese has distinctive appearances.
Some cheese has heat capacity.
Some cheese has lactose.
Some cheese has proteins.
Some cheese has vitamins.
Some cheeses are curdled only by acidity.
Some cheeses are higher in fat than some meats.
Some cheeses freeze well.
Some cheeses get their flavor from fungi.
Some cheeses run when they are cut in the center and at room temperature.
A cheeseburger is a burger
Cheeseburgers are nutritious.
Cheesecake claims to have lost only one general manager over the last three years.
Cheesecake enjoys a sponge bath as part of daily routine.
Cheesecake is a close second.
Cheesecake is a dessert that can be dressed up or down in a multitude of ways.
Cheesecake is a disgusting food, generally, even if it is dessert.
Cheesecake is a photograph
Cheesecake is a universal favorite.
Cheesecake is baked from scratch using only fresh ingredients.
Cheesecake is better if made the day before serving.
Cheesecake is cakes.
Cheesecake is custards.
Cheesecake is dessert.
Cheesecake is done when center looks firm.
Cheesecake is done when knife inserted in center shows consistency of very stiff yogurt.
Cheesecake is done when the center barely moves when pan is touched.
Cheesecake is done when the center barely moves when the pan is touched.
Cheesecake is food.
Cheesecake is pictures.
Cheesecake is the most popular dessert.
Cheesecakes are also very old, with evidence of honey-sweetened cakes dating back to ancient Greece.
Cheesecakes are for sale, along with holdiay and all occasion wrapping paper.
Cheesecakes are pretty easy to make, but are very elegant desserts.
Cheesecakes are still classic favorites.
Cheesecakes often crack.
All cheesecakes come with free gift wrap and a gift card enclosed.
Most cheesecakes freeze pretty well.
Some cheesecakes leak during baking.
Cheesecloth is a veiling
Cheesecloth works well to filter zooplankton.
Cheesy photos are humorous.
Cheetah cubs are deadly hunting weapons.
Cheetah cubs are particularly playful and acrobatic.
Cheetah cubs are vulnerable, particularly to other predators, such as lions and hyenas.
Cheetah cubs spend a lot of time playing and gearing up to learn how to stalk and catch prey.
A cheetah is a cat
Cheetah claims to have a small head and flattened ears in the cat family.
Cheetah drives faster access to data.
Cheetah have black tear marks reducing the glare, while they are hunting in the daylight hours.
Cheetah have very good vision.
Cheetah have very specific hunting patterns.
Cheetah isa feline.
Cheetah learns the true meaning of friendship in a story about appreciating differences in others.
Cheetah occur further east in the Lower Zambezi National Park.
Cheetah takes pride in our quality control measures.
Cheetahs actually purr when they're happy.
Cheetahs adapt hunting techniques.
Cheetahs also communicate using body language, like other cats.
Cheetahs also have a distinct family life.
Cheetahs also have an increased capacity for breathing, with larger nasal passages.
Cheetahs also have distinct black stripes on their faces that run from eyes to mouth.
Cheetahs also have tails.
Cheetahs also have very flexible spines.
Cheetahs also lack webbing between their toes.
Cheetahs also try to kill zebras, but zebras are usually too big for a successful hunt.
Cheetahs are a little introverted.
Cheetahs are a threatened species .
Cheetahs are active during the day , and hunt in the early morning or late evening .
Cheetahs are active during the day, and hunt in the early morning or late evening.
Cheetahs are active during the day.
Cheetahs are adapted for brief but intense bursts of speed.
Cheetahs are almost clones of each other.
Cheetahs are also great hunters.
Cheetahs are also legally trophy hunted.
Cheetahs are also typically solitary animals.
Cheetahs are amazing hunters, but timid with potential competitors.
Cheetahs are among the most effective grassland hunters.
Cheetahs are an endangered animal.
Cheetahs are an endangered species .
Cheetahs are another example of inbreeding.
Cheetahs are believed to be the diurnal hunters as against big cats which usually hunt at night.
Cheetahs are believed to have evolved in Africa.
Cheetahs are big cats.
Cheetahs are born with their spots and an extra fluffy fur lining on their necks and back.
Cheetahs are built for speed.
Cheetahs are carnivores, meaning their primary food is meat.
Cheetahs are carnivores.
Cheetahs are carnivorous and eat a variety of small animals.
Cheetahs are carnivorous, which means they are meat eaters.
Cheetahs are diurnal hunters, as they hunt during the day and rest at night.
Cheetahs are diurnal which means they hunt in the morning and in the evening.
Cheetahs are diurnal, hunting in the early morning and late afternoon.
Cheetahs are faster.
Cheetahs are felines.
Cheetahs are found in open and partially open savannas.
Cheetahs are in a race with fate.
Cheetahs are in trouble in the wild.
Cheetahs are induced ovulators, breeding throughout the year.
Cheetahs are longer and more slender with longer legs than other big cats.
Cheetahs are made for sprinting.
Cheetahs are mainly hunters that are diurnal.
Cheetahs are mammals and give live birth to their young.
Cheetahs are medium-sized cats that focus on prey that can be taken by speed.
Cheetahs are one kind of cat in which the cubs have the same spots as the adults.
Cheetahs are part of the cat family.
Cheetahs are predatory animals.
Cheetahs are pregnant for about three months, and it looked like the breeding took.
Cheetahs are quite majestic to see as well.
Cheetahs are rare, charismatic animals, famous for being one of the fastest creatures on land.
Cheetahs are relatively friendly and trainable.
Cheetahs are scarce, leopards are secretive, but lions are right out in the open.
Cheetahs are slimmer than other cats.
Cheetahs are small and timid.
Cheetahs are solitary animals.
Cheetahs are solitary in the wild.
Cheetahs are solo hunters.
Cheetahs are tall, slender cats that are built for speed.
Cheetahs are tan in color with black spots all over their bodies.
Cheetahs are terrestrial animals, and they often seek shelter in the shade of trees after sunset.
Cheetahs are the fastest land animal on earth.
Cheetahs are the fastest land mammal.
Cheetahs are the fastest mammals.
Cheetahs are the fastest quadrupeds.
Cheetahs are the fastests mammals living on solid ground.
Cheetahs are the main predator of the thompsons gazelle.
Cheetahs are the only big cats that can always keep their claws extended.
Cheetahs are the world's fastest land animal.
Cheetahs are threatened by habitat loss and conflicts with farmers.
Cheetahs are typically solitary creatures.
Cheetahs are very different socially from every other cat.
Cheetahs are very inbred.
Cheetahs are very timid and avoid lions and hyenas at all costs.
Cheetahs are well-adapted to living in arid environments.
Cheetahs are what Hollywood needs.
Cheetahs are wild cats.
Cheetahs begin by stalking prey for a few seconds or up to several hours.
Cheetahs breed throughout the year.
Cheetahs can build up enough speed to run forty-five miles per hour in just two seconds.
Cheetahs can make many different sounds that include purrs, barks, growls, hisses, and chirps.
Cheetahs can mate at any time of the year.
Cheetahs can run at top speed for several miles.
Cheetahs can run.
Cheetahs can travel faster than any other land animal, but only for a few hundred yards.
Cheetahs catch dinner.
Cheetahs catch prey.
Cheetahs catch rabbits.
Cheetahs chase gazelles.
Cheetahs chase prey.
Cheetahs come from Africa.
Cheetahs depend on legs.
Cheetahs depend on their legs for survival.
Cheetahs display the all the birthdays by month.
Cheetahs do indeed have trouble reproducing in captivity.
Cheetahs do most of their hunting by sight.
Cheetahs do purr, but they are one of the most unique and specialized forms of the felid family.
Cheetahs drink from lakes, ponds and water holes.
Cheetahs eat gazelles.
Cheetahs eat herbivores.
Cheetahs eat hoof mammals.
Cheetahs eat mainly gazelles, wildebeest calves, impalas and smaller hoofed animals.
Cheetahs eat mainly wildebeest and once they're done their remainders make good food for vultures.
Cheetahs eat mammalian herbivores.
Cheetahs eat mammals.
Cheetahs eat meals.
Cheetahs eat meat.
Cheetahs eat meat.
Cheetahs eat prey.
Cheetahs even run on their toes, which gives their overall leg length yet another inch or so.
Cheetahs exhibit movement.
Cheetahs exhibit overlapping promiscuous behavior, and can reproduce year round.
Cheetahs experience health problems.
Cheetahs experience problems.
Cheetahs face many problems, including habitat loss, poaching, and competition with large predators.
Cheetahs face pressure.
Cheetahs feed in a disciplined manner and quite peacefully, with occasional growling and snapping.
Cheetahs get prey.
Cheetahs give birth to cheetahs.
Cheetahs has-part bones.
Cheetahs has-part jaws.
Cheetahs has-part mouths.
Cheetahs has-part muscles.
Cheetahs has-part tails.
Cheetahs have (part) brains.
Cheetahs have (part) breasts.
Cheetahs have (part) cell membranes.
Cheetahs have (part) cells.
Cheetahs have (part) chest cavities.
Cheetahs have (part) chests.
Cheetahs have (part) corpi.
Cheetahs have (part) cytoplasm.
Cheetahs have (part) ears.
Cheetahs have (part) faces.
Cheetahs have (part) heads.
Cheetahs have (part) nuclei.
Cheetahs have (part) pads.
Cheetahs have (part) paws.
Cheetahs have (part) piluses.
Cheetahs have (part) plasma membranes.
Cheetahs have (part) rib cages.
Cheetahs have (part) sections.
Cheetahs have (part) skulls.
Cheetahs have (part) sterna.
Cheetahs have (part) vacuoles.
Cheetahs have a distinct family life.
Cheetahs have a flexible spine which is used as a spring to jump higher and run faster.
Cheetahs have a much higher rate of reproduction than other big cats.
Cheetahs have a supple muscular body, perfectly equipped for fast running.
Cheetahs have a unique social order among felids.
Cheetahs have a unique social structure in comparison to other cats.
Cheetahs have a unique, well structured social order.
Cheetahs have ability.
Cheetahs have babies.
Cheetahs have blunt claws.
Cheetahs have bones in the spine that act like a spring to push their bodies forward.
Cheetahs have claws.
Cheetahs have coarse fur.
Cheetahs have enemies.
Cheetahs have feet.
Cheetahs have fur.
Cheetahs have heads.
Cheetahs have hearts.
Cheetahs have height.
Cheetahs have high-set, forward facing eyes that allow for better sight and stalking of prey.
Cheetahs have interaction.
Cheetahs have legs.
Cheetahs have long legs, a long tail, and a small head.
Cheetahs have long legs.
Cheetahs have muscular tails.
Cheetahs have no real predators, other than humans.
Cheetahs have nonretractable claws and rough pads and hunt by running down prey, such as antelope.
Cheetahs have pads.
Cheetahs have powerful jaws and often use suffocation to kill their prey.
Cheetahs have semi-retractable claws, their very own track shoes.
Cheetahs have shoulder height.
Cheetahs have somewhat circular heads, rough coats and tiny ears.
Cheetahs have spots.
Cheetahs have tails.
Cheetahs have teeth.
Cheetahs have very little variation.
Cheetahs have very long legs in proportion to their body length compared to other cats.
Cheetahs hunt animals.
Cheetahs hunt at nights.
Cheetahs hunt gazelles.
Cheetahs inhabit areas.
Cheetahs inhabit open savannah and are never found in dense forest.
Cheetahs inhabit the desert, savannah, scrub, bush and open woodlands of Africa.
Cheetahs kill animals.
Cheetahs kill gazelles.
Cheetahs kill large ungulates by strangulation.
Cheetahs kill own kind.
Cheetahs kill prey.
Cheetahs kill young gazelles.
Cheetahs knock their prey to the ground and kill with a suffocating bite to the neck.
Cheetahs live alone or in small groups numbering up to six individuals.
Cheetahs live in Africa and southwestern Asia in temperate grasslands and tropical savannas.
Cheetahs live in Africa on the open plains and savannah.
Cheetahs live in Africa.
Cheetahs live in Africa.
Cheetahs live in agricultural areas.
Cheetahs live in areas.
Cheetahs live in open country where they hunt small antelopes, hares, and birds.
Cheetahs live in open grasslands, savannas, woodland, bush country.
Cheetahs live on grassy plains and savannahs where they hunt their principal prey, small antelope.
Cheetahs live on savanna.
Cheetahs live only on open plains and savannahs.
Cheetahs live solitary or in small groups.
Cheetahs live their lives in the fast lane.
Cheetahs make a chirping sound that is much like a bird's chirp or a dog's yelp.
Cheetahs make chirping sounds , and hiss or spit when angered or threatened.
Cheetahs make chirping sounds to call their young, sounding much like a bird.
Cheetahs mark territory.
Cheetahs may have difficulty.
Cheetahs move food.
Cheetahs occur in Africa.
Cheetahs occur in India, Persia.
Cheetahs pass the behavior onto their offspring.
Cheetahs pay a price for speed.
Cheetahs possess bodies.
Cheetahs possess enzymes.
Cheetahs possess fur.
Cheetahs possess sperm.
Cheetahs prefer gazelles.
Cheetahs prefer habitats.
Cheetahs pursue gazelles.
Cheetahs reach adulthood at the age of one.
Cheetahs reach maturity.
Cheetahs reach sexual maturity at around two years of age.
Cheetahs reach sexual maturity.
Cheetahs rely on acceleration.
Cheetahs require vast expanses of land with suitable prey, water, and cover sources to survive.
Cheetahs retract claws.
Cheetahs run on their toes.
Cheetahs seek gazelles.
Cheetahs seek shelter in dense grass and in the shade of trees.
Cheetahs seem to be modest about mating.
Cheetahs spot hyenas.
Cheetahs stalk their prey until they are within about thirty meters, and then give chase.
Cheetahs survive problems.
Cheetahs take care.
Cheetahs thrive in areas with vast expanses of land where pretty is abundant.
Cheetahs to stretch legs.
Cheetahs use tails.
Cheetahs weigh only one hundred and twenty-five pounds.
Cheetahs often do give up after stotting.
Cheetahs usually eat every two to five days.
Cheetahs usually hunt in pairs.
Cheetahs usually hunt in the cool of evening, early morning or by moonlight.
Cheetahs usually live alone.
All cheetahs are virtually genetically identical.
All cheetahs have different patterns of spots, but that's okay with cheetahs.
Most cheetahs are almost identical.
Most cheetahs come from Africa.
Most cheetahs depend on legs.
Most cheetahs eat gazelles.
Most cheetahs eat herbivores.
Most cheetahs eat hoof mammals.
Most cheetahs eat mammalian herbivores.
Most cheetahs eat mammals.
Most cheetahs eat meals.
Most cheetahs eat meat.
Most cheetahs eat prey.
Most cheetahs face pressure.
Most cheetahs get prey.
Most cheetahs give birth to cheetahs.
Most cheetahs has-part bones.
Most cheetahs has-part jaws.
Most cheetahs has-part mouths.
Most cheetahs has-part muscles.
Most cheetahs has-part tails.
Most cheetahs have ability.
Most cheetahs have babies.
Most cheetahs have claws.
Most cheetahs have coarse fur.
Most cheetahs have enemies.
Most cheetahs have feet.
Most cheetahs have fur.
Most cheetahs have heads.
Most cheetahs have hearts.
Most cheetahs have height.
Most cheetahs have interaction.
Most cheetahs have legs.
Most cheetahs have long legs.
Most cheetahs have muscular tails.
Most cheetahs have pads.
Most cheetahs have shoulder height.
Most cheetahs have spots.
Most cheetahs have tails.
Most cheetahs have teeth.
Most cheetahs kill animals.
Most cheetahs kill gazelles.
Most cheetahs kill prey.
Most cheetahs kill young gazelles.
Most cheetahs live in Africa , but very few can be found in South Asia and India .
Most cheetahs live in Africa, but very few can be found in South Asia and India.
Most cheetahs live in Africa.
Most cheetahs live in agricultural areas.
Most cheetahs live in areas.
Most cheetahs live on savanna.
Most cheetahs live on the vast plains of Africa.
Most cheetahs move food.
Most cheetahs occur in Africa.
Most cheetahs possess enzymes.
Most cheetahs prefer habitats.
Most cheetahs reach maturity.
Most cheetahs reach sexual maturity.
Most cheetahs rely on acceleration.
Most cheetahs seek gazelles.
Most cheetahs survive problems.
Most cheetahs take care.
Most cheetahs use tails.
Some cheetahs appear in films.
Some cheetahs are captured by farmers.
Some cheetahs attract attention.
Some cheetahs attract significant attention.
Some cheetahs eat impalas.
Some cheetahs eat rabbits.
Some cheetahs has-part legs.
Some Cheetahs have a blotched appearance to their coat with stripes and loops.
Some cheetahs have acceleration.
Some cheetahs have cavities.
Some cheetahs have coats.
Some cheetahs have differences.
Some cheetahs have economic importance.
Some cheetahs have frames.
Some cheetahs have genetic variation.
Some cheetahs have grow importance.
Some cheetahs have importance.
Some cheetahs have low genetic variation.
Some cheetahs have nasal cavities.
Some cheetahs have partners.
Some cheetahs have ranges.
Some cheetahs have slender frames.
Some cheetahs have stripes.
Some cheetahs have tawny coats.
Some cheetahs have variation.
Some cheetahs live in countries.
Some cheetahs live in groups.
Some cheetahs live in institutions.
Some cheetahs live in isolation.
Some cheetahs live in Namibia.
Some cheetahs live in north american institutions.
Some cheetahs live in zoos.
Some cheetahs lose interest.
Some cheetahs possess food.
Some cheetahs possess litter.
Some cheetahs possess proteins.
Some cheetahs prey on calves.
Some cheetahs prey on livestock.
Some cheetahs seek territory.
Some cheetahs stretch front legs.
Cheezy organ sound with a bit of distortion.
Chef- instructors are outstanding and experienced in the industry.
Chef positions are occasionally available for experienced applicants.
A chef is a cook
Chef isa worker.
Chefs achieve artistry through relentless creativity, tastefully and consistently executed.
Chefs add thyme to apple tarts, poached pears and lemon desserts.
Chefs agree that simplicity is key.
Chefs agree, however, that they walk a fine line in a difficult balancing act.
Chefs already get cross enough when diners ask for menu changes.
Chefs also have to take into account the tastes of different nationalities.
Chefs also make up platters of paella and Spanish desserts.
Chefs are a special breed of people.
Chefs are also celebrities who influence the consuming public.
Chefs are also the best advocates for the specialty cheese industry.
Chefs are busy carving barons of beef.
Chefs are capable of add ingredients.
Chefs are capable of cook dishs.
Chefs are capable of cook eggs.
Chefs are capable of cooks.
Chefs are capable of prepare food.
Chefs are capable of prepare meals.
Chefs are celebrities.
Chefs are cooks.
Chefs are critical to our leadership position.
Chefs are extremely busy people in a very demanding job.
Chefs are fictional characters.
Chefs are gods.
Chefs are hands-on chefs that are responsible for the entire kitchen operation.
Chefs are in charge of the kitchen.
Chefs are like movie stars now, with restaurants all over the country.
Chefs are located in kitchens.
Chefs are lucky.
Chefs are more sophisticated in their thinking and even more specialized in their presentation.
Chefs are no longer preparers of food but celebrities.
Chefs are no slouches at steak, either.
Chefs are notorious for a lack of information when relaying recipes.
Chefs are notorious for doing things at the last minute.
Chefs are part of south parks.
Chefs are real people.
Chefs are respected business people and sought after entrepreneurs.
Chefs are software.
Chefs are temperamental people.
Chefs are the most highly skilled and trained of all kitchen workers.
Chefs are the most highly skilled, trained, and experienced kitchen workers.
Chefs are the most highly skilled, trained, and experienced of all kitchen workers.
Chefs are TV celebrities.
Chefs are up in arms about the increased quality of packet food.
Chefs are usually better-trained than cooks.
Chefs are usually upbeat, interactive, and life of the party.
Chefs are very careful.
Chefs become more committed to the earth, exploring organics and sustainable agriculture.
Chefs bustle among the several cooking islands placed around the room.
Chefs can be picky.
Chefs can only ruin the product, unless they're good.
Chefs care a lot about making customers happy.
Chefs caution the over enthusiastic.
Chefs change the menu daily to keep palates pleasantly surprised, never bored.
Chefs check out the new equipment in the expanded student servery before opening day.
Chefs come and go from the collective kitchen as they like.
Chefs come and go, but classic peasant dishes are forever.
Chefs come from all over the United States, Canada and Italy to host classes.
Chefs compare cobra to the taste of conch from the Bahamas and the texture to tender chicken.
Chefs concoct culinary careers.
Chefs contend there's nothing like saut eing potatoes in duck fat to add a certain je ne sais quoi .
Chefs cook several dinners at the same time so their knives always seem to be in motion.
Chefs cook the snake, skeleton and all.
Chefs create delicious variation.
Chefs create variation.
Chefs create versions.
Chefs demand quality ingredients.
Chefs demonstrate the best use of new ingredients.
Chefs do have to work longer hours then most people.
Chefs do much more than just cooking.
Chefs do that, too.
Chefs dream about food and running restaurants.
Chefs explore possibility.
Chefs find their favorites in the reel world.
Chefs get ideas from other chefs.
Chefs get sloppy.
Chefs go all out to find new ways to put our bountiful seafood harvest at the top of the food chain.
Chefs hate moving things around.
Chefs have (part) arms.
Chefs have (part) body substances.
Chefs have (part) cell membranes.
Chefs have (part) cells.
Chefs have (part) corpi.
Chefs have (part) cytoplasm.
Chefs have (part) heads.
Chefs have (part) human bodies.
Chefs have (part) legs.
Chefs have (part) material bodies.
Chefs have (part) necks.
Chefs have (part) nuclei.
Chefs have (part) personality.
Chefs have (part) plasma membranes.
Chefs have (part) sections.
Chefs have (part) vacuoles.
Chefs have a distinctively pallid appearance.
Chefs have bios.
Chefs have duties.
Chefs have experience.
Chefs have it all over writers in terms of support.
Chefs have recipes.
Chefs have to create a Cuisine that gives a soul and a prestige to a restaurant.
Chefs have to get the food to the table while it is hot.
Chefs have to have a little insecurity.
Chefs have to have fresh halibut on the menu.
Chefs have to return to the basics and lead their proteges through intensive programs of training.
Chefs help ideas.
Chefs help to emphasize the value of agriculture by serving locally grown ingredients.
Chefs here specialize in serving fresh seafood from the Atlantic.
Chefs hold spoons.
Chefs hold wooden spoons.
Chefs know the language and needs of consumers.
Chefs learn cook techniques.
Chefs learn new cook techniques.
Chefs learn new techniques.
Chefs learn techniques.
Chefs like to present seafood, greens and garnishes spread out on a flat plate for dramatic effect.
Chefs living along the shore and near harvesting areas have easy access to seafood and shellfish.
Chefs love to see flames, so that was satisfying.
Chefs maintain the flavors of Africa, as well.
Chefs make it complicated.
Chefs make it, and so do short-order cooks.
Chefs make the most of any ingredients available, especially that of the ocean.
Chefs most carry pocket thermometers at all times.
Chefs praise it for marrying well with a variety of ingredients.
Chefs prefer the blend.
Chefs prefer the superb durability.
Chefs prepare authentic Japanese food tableside.
Chefs prepare creations that focus on flavor but minimize fat, sugar and salt.
Chefs prepare daily specials from the show kitchen.
Chefs prepare exquisite meals ranging from Asian seafood to dishes with a Mediterranean touch.
Chefs prepare food.
Chefs prepare items with local flavor, including fried green tomatoes.
Chefs prepare low-fat, light Mexican cuisine featuring fresh, fresh, fresh.
Chefs prepare meals.
Chefs prepare satisfying and tasty meals with reduced fat and calories.
Chefs provide handouts of recipes.
Chefs recommend marinating most game and cooking it delicately.
Chefs remain on duty doing prep work.
Chefs reserve the right to change menu offering based on product availability.
Chefs revel in buying themselves all sorts of tools and toys.
Chefs say one key reason to poach is the healthfulness of Japanese cuisine.
Chefs sell honey s unique qualities and varietal charms to a willing audience.
Chefs serve romano cheese as a garnish over cream soups, pasta, or fresh green salads.
Chefs share and use the kitchen to invent and prepare new and exotic foods.
Chefs share their combined wisdom and know-how.
Chefs showcase the farmers with photos in their restaurants and mentions on the menus.
Chefs spend years working on their bearnaise sauce, their vichyssoise.
Chefs swear by it as a condiment.
Chefs take the bountiful harvest of Puerto Rican fruits and create any number of desserts.
Chefs teach low-fat cooking the staff and train the staff.
Chefs tend to be males who work full-time.
Chefs toss dough at the new pizza station, adding entertainment value.
Chefs use black beans, rice, salsas to give the dining public a full belly while saving the oceans.
Chefs use chlorophyll to color a variety of foods and beverages green, such as pasta and absinthe .
Chefs use only the freshest local ingredients, prepared to superior standards.
Chefs use science.
Chefs use the flesh to make cakes, ice cream, and other desserts.
Chefs use their ability to taste while engineers use their ability to listen.
Chefs use vegetables.
Chefs work behind a glass partition at one end of the restaurant.
Chefs work in business.
Chefs work in kitchens.
Chefs work in restaurants.
Chefs work weeks.
Cheves knows every boat, every captain, and in most cases the mate.
Cheves says the pre-requisite for telling a good fish story is telling a good lie.
Chefs frequently arrive in the garden with their list of ingredients.
Chefs often commit a portion of their career to one location, then move on to accept new challenges.
Chefs often dress up panna cotta with complicated sauces.
Chefs often have limited skills.
Chefs often prefer miniature carrots, which are pulled from the ground in an immature state.
Chefs often use egg whites and meringue, for example, to replace heavy cream.
All chefs have favourite tools.
All chefs have to do is ask for help.
Every chef has some unique skills to contribute.
Every chef has their favorite boning knife.
Every chef knows there's something special about cooking with natural gas.
Every chef uses a different way of slathering on their sauce.
Many chefs agree that the most beneficial approach is full immersion.
Many chefs are happy to share their secrets.
Many chefs have numerous awards for their culinary art.
Many chefs have very limited basic skills and have a hard time to adjust to new trends.
Many chefs incorporate exercise into their weekly routines.
Many chefs instinctively mistrust the genetic engineering of food.
Many chefs prefer American lamb, but it is generally more expensive.
Many chefs see chicken as a canvas, a blank slate with endless possibilities.
Many chefs skip that part.
Many chefs work passionately to turn food into works of art.
Most chefs agree that the flavor of buffalo is sweeter than beef.
Most chefs agree that the rich salty taste of confit is best balanced by sharp and sweet elements.
Most chefs are creative and practical chemists.
Most chefs are eager to please.
Most chefs avoid cooking contests.
Most chefs create delicious variation.
Most chefs create variation.
Most chefs create versions.
Most chefs explore possibility.
Most chefs fail the academic part of the exam.
Most chefs feature certain specific dishes as their signature dishes on their menus.
Most chefs feel like they have to be creative to make food good.
Most chefs have duties.
Most chefs have experience.
Most chefs have pleasant rivalry.
Most chefs have recipes.
Most chefs help ideas.
Most chefs hold wooden spoons.
Most chefs know each other and talk about their future, goals and prospective employees.
Most chefs learn cook techniques.
Most chefs learn new cook techniques.
Most chefs learn new techniques.
Most chefs learn techniques.
Most chefs prepare food.
Most chefs proudly exhibit superior cooking skills.
Most chefs recommend poaching skate wings in a simple wine and vegetable broth.
Most chefs seem to make the dish much more complicated than it has to be.
Most chefs use science.
Most chefs use the region's farm-fresh produce and local seafood.
Most chefs use vegetables.
Most chefs work in business.
Most chefs work in kitchens.
Most chefs work in restaurants.
Some chefs frequently use breadings.
Some chefs add a few tablespoons of wine or pisco following the sautee step.
Some chefs add orange juice as flavoring.
Some chefs also use lemon basil, chervil, and cilantro.
Some chefs announce deliveries.
Some chefs appear on television.
Some chefs are full-time employees, while others work only the evening meals.
Some chefs brush an egg wash, consisting of beaten egg thinned with water, over the piped shapes.
Some chefs cook on instinct, others on methods.
Some chefs deal directly with the farmer.
Some chefs do it free, just for the exposure.
Some chefs even blend hot flavors of spices such as chili with chocolate.
Some chefs even offer to share some of their culinary skills with their guests.
Some chefs even substitute tomatoes for chili peppers for their similar reddish color.
Some chefs even use multiple reductions of the same ingredient to get very complex layers of flavor.
Some chefs go so far as to boil garlic in three changes of water.
Some chefs help causes.
Some chefs help diets.
Some chefs learn skills.
Some chefs like to measure out each ingredient ahead of time before cooking.
Some chefs meet with students.
Some chefs prefer another method.
Some chefs prefer to have their boiling table portable and use various sockets around the kitchen.
Some chefs prefer to start in a bowl and then finish the dough on the counter.
Some chefs prepare more than one entry.
Some chefs rely exclusively on prepared pur es.
Some chefs run restaurants.
Some chefs say that uku is slightly stronger flavored than the very delicate opakapaka.
Some chefs say the key matchup is with the sauces.
Some chefs still shun the term, calling it too superficial for their style.
Some chefs tell underpaid staff that they are apprentices.
Some chefs try to reinforce with spice.
Some chefs use a syringe to inject pork shoulders and hams with the sauce.
Some chefs view the arrangement as a stage for their own performance.
Some chefs work full time.
Some chefs work in homes.
Some chefs work with local schools.
Some chefs work with schools.
Chekhovian dialogue is similar to counterpoint in music.
A chelate is a compound
Chelates also appear in concentrated powder forms, as well.
Chelates are generally the most soluble and plant- available form.
Chelates help keep iron from binding to soil particles for a period of time.
Chelates prevent phosphate precipitation of iron.
Some chelates are also mixed with water and poured over the soil and taken up through the roots.
Chelated calcium is expensive and has no advantage over other forms.
Chelated copper is less corrosive to application equipment than copper sul-fate.
Chelated iron is an effective way to temporarily correct iron deficiency symptoms.
Chelated iron is much more available to plant roots.
Chelated iron is now available in garden-supply stores.
Chelated iron promotes lush, dark green foliage.
Chelated magnesium is preferred.
Chelated manganese is much easier to use, but much more expensive.
Chelated minerals are added to aid absorption in the digestive tract.
Chelated minerals are also metallic minerals that have been wrapped with an amino acid or sugar.
Chelated minerals are more bioavailable than inorganic forms such as oxides.
Chelated minerals are the next step up the ladder in so far as assimilation is concerned.
Chelated minerals are the next step up the ladder in so far as the body's ability to assimilate.
Chelated minerals are the next step up the ladder.
Chelated streams make it difficult to precipitate metal in wastewater treatment system.
Chelated zinc is preferable to zinc sulfate to reduce gastrointestinal symptoms.
Chelated zinc is used in toothpastes and mouthwashes to prevent bad breath .
Chelation therapy helps relief of symptoms and improves clinical manifestations.
Chelation therapy involves administering an artificial amino acid into the veins.
Chelation therapy is a form of detoxification.
Chelation therapy is a very safe medical procedure.
Chelation therapy is also helpful in many cases.
Chelation therapy is among the safest of medical procedures.
Chelation therapy is an effective way to remove heavy metals from the body.
Chelation therapy is indicated for increasing ferritin and elevated liver iron.
Chelation therapy is indicated in lead poisoning.
Chelation therapy is ineffective for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease.
Chelation therapy is popular in the United States.
Chelation therapy is relatively safe providing kidney function is normal.
Chelation therapy is surely a testable therapy.
Chelation therapy is the primary means of lead mobilization.
Chelation therapy is used supposedly to remove toxins within our body.
Chelation therapy is, at best, a controversial approach to the man's complaints of fatigue.
Chelation therapy promotes health by increasing the blood flow with enhanced collateral circulation.
Chelation therapy saves considerable amount of money.
Chelation therapy works by reducing lead in blood and soft tissues.
Chelation treatments are also painful and time-consuming.
A chelation is a physical process
Chelation can be a very painful process.
Chelation combines minerals with other substances, usually amino acids.
Chelation controls free radicals.
Chelation costs one-tenth as much and is hundreds of times safer than bypass surgery.
Chelation enables a non-bonding element to bond , thereby enabling removal .
Chelation enables a non-bonding element to bond, thereby enabling removal.
Chelation encourages more rapid and more complete absorption.
Chelation fails to aid heart.
Chelation has an equally valid rationale for use as preventive treatment.
Chelation increases blood flow, particularly to tiny arterioles.
Chelation involves the bonding of metal to a molecule that has two more polar groups.
Chelation is a medical treatment to remove lead from the blood.
Chelation is a medical treatment used to remove lead from the blood.
Chelation is a method of extracting mercury from human chemistry.
Chelation is a natural reaction in most soils and is enhanced by organic matter , especially humus .
Chelation is a natural reaction in most soils and is enhanced by organic matter, especially humus.
Chelation is a procedure that helps bind the lead and remove it from the body.
Chelation is a process by which mineral substances are changed into their digestible form.
Chelation is a process that can take a long time to occur.
Chelation is a process which allows better assimilation of the nutrients.
Chelation is a term describing compounds which bind molecules, typically metal ions, within it.
Chelation is an equilibrium process with a strong tendency to the chelated form.
Chelation is an important tool for ridding the body of excess lead.
Chelation is based on how metals bind to organic molecules.
Chelation is effective in restoring sexual potency.
Chelation is expensive.
Chelation is key.
Chelation is now at reach of almost anyone .
Chelation is similar to cation exchange , except that it usually is more stable in holding ions.
Chelation is similar to cation exchange, except that it usually is more stable in holding ions.
Chelation is the molecular process of organic proteins binding with metal molecules.
Chelation is the pharmaceutical process of bonding each mineral to an amino acid.
Chelation is the process of bonding a mineral to an amino acid.
Chelation is the term used when a substance binds to another and removes it from the body.
Chelation is used to clean out the arteries and veins and to remove heavy metals from the body.
Chelation is used to improve circulation and reduce the symptoms of cardiovascular disease.
Chelation is when the mineral is bound to another nutrient in a complex molecule.
Chelation means to combine a mineral with something else.
Chelation means to firmly bind a metal ion with an organic molecule to form a ring structure.
Chelation removes zinc, a mineral essential for proper function of the body's cells.
Chelations are chemical processes.
Chelations are processes.
Cheleated irons are more effective but more expensive and are used on high profile turfs.
Cheletropic reactions are a subclass of cycloadditions .
Cheletropic reactions are a subclass of cycloadditions.
Cheletropic reactions confirm the conservation of molecular orbital symmetry .
Cheletropic reactions confirm the conservation of molecular orbital symmetry.
Chelicera isa appendage.
Chelicera isa extremity.
Cheliceras have (part) corpi.
Some cheliceras adapt for skin.
Chelonian bodies are suited for different environments.
A chelonian is a reptile
Chelonians also have jaws equipped with horny beaks, instead of teeth.
Chelonians also have strong horny mouths or beaks with no teeth.
Chelonians also have strong horny mouths with no teeth.
Chelonians are cold blooded and have a backbone.
Chelonians are notoriously slow to develop problems and equally slow to heal.
Chelonians are toothless, with a hardened horny beak.
Chelonians do tell people apart, and they prefer some people over others.
Chelonians eat both plants and animals, but they have no teeth - just jaws with very sharp edges.
Chelonians have a single penis.
Chelonians lack teeth so have to use their horny, beak like structure to cut up food.
Chelonians present some additional difficulties.
Chelsea data has special non-profit plans and rates.
Chelsea fans look away.
Most Chelsea galleries are on five-year leases, so they have two more years before they come up.
Chelsea reservoirs are factory tested and ready for installation.
Chelsea soils are moderately extensive.
Chemical abundances provide important clues to the evolution of galaxies.
Chemical accidents are infrequent.
Chemical accidents are preventable.
Chemical accidents are under reported and no federal agency keeps a complete record.
Chemical accidents do happen . . .
Chemical accidents do happen, at home and in the community.
Some chemical accidents create breaks.
A chemical action is an action
Chemical action can degrade the device and cause it to fail.
Chemical action holds lime and scale deposits in solution where they can be easily flushed away.
Chemical activities decrease with increasing ionic strength.
Chemical activity is greatest where atoms of platinum are missing or at steps in the material.
Chemical addiction is an equal opportunity disease.
Chemical addiction is in part a disease of the brain.
Chemical additives are another, often less suitable option.
Chemical additives are strong acids or alkalis, or organic solvents.
Chemical additives disturb the body's metabolism.
Chemical affinities can also play an important role.
A chemical agent is an agent
Chemical agents are agents.
Chemical agents are either persistent or non-persistent.
Chemical agents are irritants that are intended to disperse a crowd of people.
Chemical agents are notoriously indiscriminate and can be horribly effective weapons of terror.
Chemical agents are somewhat more difficult to make.
Chemical agents cover the whole spectrum of physical properties.
Chemical agents kill or incapacitate people, destroy livestock or ravage crops.
Chemical agents require longer exposures to control more resistant organisms.
Chemical agents seem to have been used, if ancient litera- ture is to be relied on for information.
All chemical agents require rinsing with sterile solutions prior to tissue contact.
Most chemical agents cause serious injuries or death.
Some chemical agents are odorless and tasteless and are difficult to detect.
A chemical analysis is an analysis
Chemical analyses are also available at a cost to the resident.
Chemical analyses show kinds.
Chemical analysis indicates chicory is relatively high in highly digestible fiber.
Chemical analysis involves the measure of the concentration of specific compounds.
Chemical analysis is a very expensive tool.
Chemical analysis is also good if available.
Chemical analysis is necessary to standardize the fat content of the lean.
Chemical analysis is obtained by Optical Emission Spectroscopy.
Chemical analysis is one small tool to help the scientist make educated decisions.
Chemical analysis is provided.
Chemical analysis is secondary.
Chemical analysis is the next step.
Chemical analysis is used to determine the mineral concentrations in water.
Chemical analysis proves that the virus molecule is very large, a macro- molecule.
Chemical analysis reveals that chromosomes are about half DNA and half protein.
Chemical analysis reveals the cellulose contents shown here.
Chemical analysis shows similar content to the previously cited eggs and tracks - milk chocolate.
Chemical analysis suggests the spherules are composed of almost pure meteoritic material.
Chemical analysis underlies many specialties.
Chemical analysises are analysises.
All chemical analyses tend to overestimate the concentration of metal that is bioavailable.
Some chemical analyses show silica.
Some chemical analysis is done in the field.
Chemical anchors can be a bit more time-consuming to install.
Chemical assays are suitable for routine analyses, as required for quality control and survey work.
Chemical assays help researchers identify what proteins are present in the cells.
Chemical attack is a common cause.
Chemical balance is balance
Chemical balances are wrong.
Chemical biology has the potential to impact every single disease known.
A chemical bond is attraction
Chemical bonds allow charged elements, ions, to combine and form compounds.
Chemical bonds are attachment.
Chemical bonds are attraction.
Chemical bonds are created by atoms.
Chemical bonds are created by electron atoms.
Chemical bonds are electrical in nature.
Chemical bonds are electromagnetic in origin, but can be modeled well by tiny springs.
Chemical bonds are much like springs.
Chemical bonds determine how much and how quickly arsenic moves.
Chemical bonds hold atoms.
Chemical bonds involve the sharing of electrons between two atoms.
Chemical bonds link atoms to form molecules .
Chemical bonds link atoms to form molecules.
Chemical bonds make molecules behave differently from the network of individual atoms they contain.
Chemical bonds produce energy.
Chemical bonds release chemical energy.
Chemical bonds release energy.
Chemical bonds represent another form of potential thermal energy.
Chemical bonds result from the sharing of electrons between atoms.
Chemical bonds vibrate.
All chemical bonds form because electrons are placed simultaneously near two positive nuclei.
Most chemical bonds are created by atoms.
Most chemical bonds are created by electron atoms.
Most chemical bonds hold atoms.
Most chemical bonds produce energy.
Most chemical bonds release chemical energy.
Most chemical bonds release energy.
Some chemical bonds enhance stability.
Some chemical bonds hold materials.
Chemical bonding are chemical reaction.
Chemical bonding is less conspicuous, but more pervasive.
Chemical breakdown can take place quickly, before the tank is emptied.
Chemical buffers bind protons.
Chemical buffers can restore normal pH within a fraction of a second.
Chemical buffers release protons.
Chemical burns can cause tissue death that can slowly spread for hours after the burn.
Chemical burns can occur when an irritating substance gets into the eye.
Chemical burns come from eye exposure to acid or alkali substances.
Chemical burns require a slightly different type of care.
Any chemical burn can be a legitimate reason to summon emergency medical help.
Chemical byproduct releases during combustion.
Chemical carcinogens are substances which induce cancer in humans and animals.
Chemical carcinogens can act through a variety of different modes of action.
All chemical carcinogens can form directly or are metabolized to reactive electrophilic forms.
Chemical castration is a series of injections that decrease sexual drive.
Chemical castration is an ideal punishment for sex offenders.
Chemical castration is necessary.
Chemical castration is truly our only help.
Chemical castration seems to have gained in popularity among men.
Chemical change consists of a combination, separation, or rearrangement of atoms.
Chemical change is an action
Chemical change is any change that results in the formation of new chemical substances.
Chemical change is irreversible.
Chemical change is when the composition of a substance changes.
Chemical change releases or absorbs much energy.
Chemical changes are a result of chemical reactions.
Chemical changes are changes substances undergo when they become new or different substances.
Chemical changes are changes that result in the production of another substance.
Chemical changes are more permanent than physical changes.
Chemical changes are the basis for chemical reactions.
Chemical changes are what happens in the intestines when one eats at taco bell.
Chemical changes are, indeed, important.
Chemical changes begin to appear in the brain.
Chemical changes cause alterations in perception.
Chemical changes happen on a molecular level.
Chemical changes happen on a much smaller scale.
Chemical changes happen when atomic bonds are broken or created during chemical reactions .
Chemical changes happen when atomic bonds are broken or created during chemical reactions.
Chemical changes involve alterations in a substance's chemical makeup.
Chemical changes involve chemical reactions and the creation of new products.
Chemical changes involve conversion of a set of materials into other materials.
Chemical changes occur almost all the time.
Chemical changes occur during cooking.
Chemical changes occur when the bonds between atoms in a molecule are created or destroyed.
Chemical changes take place on the molecular level.
All chemical changes are accompanied by chemical reactions.
Every chemical change is accompanied by a change in energy, usually in the form of heat.
Many chemical changes take place within the body as a result of glandular secretions.
Most chemical changes are irreversible.
Some chemical changes are extremely small and happen over a series of steps.
Some chemical changes are permanent, while others can be reversed.
Some chemical changes occur naturally in the environment.
Chemical classification relies on the ratios of trace elements in iron meteorites.
Chemical communication is accomplished via scentmarking with urine and abdominal rubbing.
Chemical communication is diffuse in air.
Chemical communication is the use of the trunk.
Chemical companies face the challenge of increasing public trust.
Chemical companies fund the bulk of agriculture school research.
Chemical companies hire plant science majors as sales people or technical representatives.
Chemical companies say they're 'trade secrets'.
Chemical companies spend millions of dollars trying to devise something as effective.
Chemical companies take care.
Chemical companies use energy and various processes to turn raw materials into useful chemicals.
Chemical companies use fossil fuels both to power manufacturing processes and as feedstocks.
Most chemical companies take care.
Chemical compatibility is affected by length of exposure, temperature, pressure, concentration, etc.
Chemical compatibility is required.
Chemical composition differs among the species of aloe.
Chemical composition is given in tab.
Chemical composition is highly variable from outcrop to outcrop and within outcrops.
Chemical composition is indicated by color.
Chemical composition is much like that of pyroxene.
Chemical composition is the most widely used basis for classification.
Chemical composition varies from cell to cell and species to species.
Chemical composition varies widely.
A chemical compound is a chemical
Chemical compounds are changed by a chemical reaction.
Chemical compounds are chemical substances.
Chemical compounds are compounds.
Chemical compounds are formed by reaction.
Chemical compounds are made up of more than one kind of atom.
Chemical compounds can break down into simpler substances.
Chemical compounds compose all of the living and non-living aspects of our environment.
Chemical compounds compose of atoms.
Chemical compounds compose of oxygen atoms.
Chemical compounds consist of atoms.
Chemical compounds consist of oxygen atoms.
Chemical compounds containing fluorine ions are called fluorides.
Chemical compounds containing the phosphite ion are called phosphites.
Chemical compounds dissolve differently in each liquid.
Chemical compounds have both a common name and a scientific name .
Chemical compounds have effects.
Chemical compounds have negative effects.
Chemical compounds inhibit oxidation.
Chemical compounds play roles.
Chemical compounds remain in atmospheres.
Chemical compounds remain in upper atmospheres.
Chemical compounds show a bewildering array of characteristics.
Chemical compounds show characteristics.
Chemical compounds support metabolism.
Chemical compounds use in treatments.
Many chemical compounds are aromatic rings with other things attached .
Many chemical compounds are aromatic rings with other things attached.
Many chemical compounds can be dangerous but are safe if they are used the right way.
Many chemical compounds exist in two forms, which are mirror images.
Most chemical compounds are formed by reaction.
Most chemical compounds compose of atoms.
Most chemical compounds compose of oxygen atoms.
Most chemical compounds consist of atoms.
Most chemical compounds consist of oxygen atoms.
Most chemical compounds have effects.
Most chemical compounds have negative effects.
Most chemical compounds inhibit oxidation.
Most chemical compounds play roles.
Most chemical compounds remain in atmospheres.
Most chemical compounds remain in upper atmospheres.
Most chemical compounds show characteristics.
Most chemical compounds support metabolism.
Most chemical compounds use in treatments.
Some chemical compounds accumulate in animals.
Some chemical compounds accumulate in tissue.
Some chemical compounds affect humans.
Some chemical compounds are made of nitrogen.
Some chemical compounds are produced by fungi.
Some chemical compounds are produced by glands.
Some chemical compounds are very strong.
Some chemical compounds cause fevers.
Some chemical compounds cause problems.
Some chemical compounds consist of magnesium.
Some chemical compounds consist of silicon.
Some chemical compounds contain oxygen.
Some chemical compounds contribute to acid rain.
Some chemical compounds contribute to flavour.
Some chemical compounds contribute to rain.
Some chemical compounds destroy layers.
Some chemical compounds destroy ozone layers.
Some chemical compounds deter animals.
Some chemical compounds find in cycads.
Some chemical compounds find in leaves.
Some chemical compounds find in plants.
Some chemical compounds find in wood.
Some chemical compounds have impact.
Some chemical compounds inhibit growth.
Some chemical compounds interfere with chemical reaction.
Some chemical compounds interfere with reaction.
Some chemical compounds produce flavor.
Some chemical compounds produce spicy flavor.
Some chemical compounds release energy.
Some chemical compounds release heat energy.
Some chemical compounds stimulate cell growth.
Some chemical compounds stimulate growth.
Chemical constituent analyses.
Chemical contaminants are a suspected cause.
Chemical contaminants are more difficult to eliminate.
Chemical contaminants can harm the health of humans and wildlife.
Chemical contaminants continue to cause problems to marine life.
Chemical contaminants imply human health risks.
Most chemical contaminants concentrate in the fatty tissues of fish over time.
Chemical contamination appears initially and most intensely at the sediment-water interface.
Chemical contamination impacts different media - air, water and land.
Chemical contamination is a serious matter.
Chemical contamination is also a part of the discussion.
Chemical contamination is equally important.
Chemical contamination is of concern in many coastal areas.
Chemical contamination is possible along with the risk of damaging work and property.
Chemical contamination is widespread and detrimental.
Chemical control appears to be the best method available for control of common buckthorn.
Chemical control can also be effective.
Chemical control can be difficult because of the long emergence and egg laying periods.
Chemical control can be effective if properly timed.
Chemical control can be effective if used in conjunction with other control methods.
Chemical control can be fairly effective but cost prohibitive.
Chemical control consists of economically viable products that kill nematodes in soil.
Chemical control consists of ground and aerial herbicide applications.
Chemical control continues to be a mainstay in preventing crop damage.
Chemical control deworming programs work best if treatments coincide with the parasite life cycle.
Chemical control includes regular applications of tomato fungicides.
Chemical control involves application of registered fungicides at the first sign of infection.
Chemical control involves the judicious use of pesticides.
Chemical control involves using a pesticide, such as an herbicide or insecticide.
Chemical control involves using herbicides to reduce or eradicate weed infestations.
Chemical control involves using one or more approved herbicides to control targeted species.
Chemical control is achieved with sulfur.
Chemical control is also effective.
Chemical control is also non-selective.
Chemical control is another way to combat diseases and insects.
Chemical control is applied to the trunk and main branches.
Chemical control is available and investigations are continuing on the biological control of hyptis.
Chemical control is available for some.
Chemical control is available to growers through mancozeb fungicides.
Chemical control is based on preventing the adults from laying eggs.
Chemical control is based onthe use of protective fungicides.
Chemical control is basically ineffective, although many people resort to it anyway.
Chemical control is difficult because of the proximity to harvest time.
Chemical control is difficult due to the webbing.
Chemical control is difficult once larvae have bored into the trunk.
Chemical control is difficult.
Chemical control is directed toward adults soon after emergence, before oviposition.
Chemical control is done by hormones secreted in specialized tissues known as endocrine glands.
Chemical control is effective but often unnecessary.
Chemical control is effective but requires community support and action.
Chemical control is effective in reducing the weed infestations in some areas.
Chemical control is effective only if used on a preventative basis.
Chemical control is essential, along with cultural control methods.
Chemical control is impractical.
Chemical control is ineffective once the galls have formed.
Chemical control is largely a government's affair.
Chemical control is limited and back to the basics management is recommended.
Chemical control is limited and strictly regulated.
Chemical control is more effective when applied during peak flight.
Chemical control is most effective during spring months when the weed is actively growing.
Chemical control is much more effective when associated with good sanitation.
Chemical control is needed for persistent problems.
Chemical control is no longer effective as females are maturing and getting ready for reproduction.
Chemical control is often the best alternative for eliminating heavy infestations of grasshoppers.
Chemical control is often the best option for battling spider mites.
Chemical control is only a short-term alternative to moss or algae problems.
Chemical control is only partly effective against wild garlic, even with repeated sprayings.
Chemical control is partly effective but out of the question for resource-poor farmers.
Chemical control is possible but impractical for most homeowners.
Chemical control is possible but is too expensive to control all infestations over such large areas.
Chemical control is possible.
Chemical control is sometimes necessary when economic populations occur early in the cutting.
Chemical control is the most common and effective method of control.
Chemical control is the most commonly used method of weed control.
Chemical control is the only effective management practice.
Chemical control is the use of herbicides.
Chemical control is usually neither necessary nor practical.
Chemical control is warranted for instances of high weed pressure or widespread infestations.
Chemical control remains the best management tool.
Chemical control Treat nesting sites in the evening.
Chemical control treats the crop just prior to harvest to eliminate beetle activity during harvest.
Chemical control utilizes various herbicides to control weeds.
Chemical control works best before lace bugs build up in numbers.
Chemical control works best when sprays are aimed at the mobile crawler stage.
Chemical controls are also available.
Chemical controls are available as a protective measure.
Chemical controls become less effective as the season progresses.
Chemical controls can backfire when insects develop resistance and become more difficult to control.
Chemical controls refer to the use of chemical pesticides.
Chemical controls threaten other plant and animal life in the area.
Chemical cycling involves the transfer of materials within an ecosystem.
Chemical damage can also wrinkle leaves, but heat is the main reason.
Chemical damage occurs through dyeing, bleaching and permanent waves.
Chemical defense is defense
Chemical defenses are secondary metabolites produced by the plant that deter herbivory.
Chemical defenses are used by the largest group of plants.
Chemical defenses play an important role in the ecology of sponges on Caribbean reefs.
Chemical deficiency can cause depression.
Chemical demonstrations has several links to various demo sites and other resources.
Chemical dependence implies a physical withdrawal.
Chemical dependence is a chronic progressive disease which is terminal if untreated.
Chemical dependence is a chronic, incurable disease, but it is treatable.
Chemical dependence is a family disease.
Chemical dependency can interfere with a student's success.
Chemical dependency causes the related problems that occur in the user's or drinker's life.
Chemical dependency halts emotional development.
Chemical dependency has debilitating, life-threatening consequences.
Chemical dependency has recognizable stages.
Chemical dependency is a chronic recurring disease.
Chemical dependency is a chronic, progressive, and potentially life threatening disease.
Chemical dependency is a confusing disease.
Chemical dependency is a Disease of Denial.
Chemical dependency is a disease.
Chemical dependency is a handicap.
Chemical dependency is a primary disease process requiring exposure to alcohol or drugs.
Chemical dependency is a primary, chronic, progressive and fatal disease.
Chemical dependency is a treatable medical illness from which, with support, patients can recover.
Chemical dependency is America's number one health problem.
Chemical dependency is an illness that affects all ages, including teens.
Chemical dependency is an illness that occurs without regard to age, sex, race or neighborhood.
Chemical dependency is an illness, that, if left untreated is primary, progressive, and fatal.
Chemical dependency is an often missed diagnosis in our aged population.
Chemical dependency is as process.
Chemical dependency is chronic, and support is crucial.
Chemical dependency is fatal.
Chemical dependency is felt to be a frequent result of domestic violence.
Chemical dependency is no joking matter.
Chemical dependency is one form of addiction.
Chemical dependency is one possible consequence of tobacco, alcohol, and other drugs.
Chemical dependency is predictable and progressive.
Chemical dependency is still a misunderstood, under-diagnosed, stigmatized disease.
Chemical dependency is the universal solvent.
Chemical dependency touches both men and women.
Chemical deposition is achieved at location B .
Chemical derivatives generate wastes that can be avoided.
Chemical digestion are strong acids that dissolve food to form chyme.
Chemical digestion begins in mouths.
Chemical digestion begins in the mouth and continues in the stomach.
Chemical digestion begins in the stomach, a large, hollow, pouchlike muscular organ.
Chemical digestion begins in the stomach.
Chemical digestion breaks complex chemicals into simple ones.
Chemical digestion follows a number of steps.
Chemical digestion involves a. the molars.
Chemical digestion is accomplished by enzymes.
Chemical digestion is by enzymes.
Chemical digestion is carried out by secretions from the liver and pancreas.
Chemical digestion is completed in the small intestine.
Chemical digestion is speeded up the physical digestion of the food into smaller pieces.
Chemical digestion is the physical breakdown of chunks of food into smaller pieces.
Chemical digestion occurs in intestines.
Chemical digestion occurs in small intestines.
Chemical digestion occurs when chemical reactions break down food.
Chemical digestion refers to enzymatic breakdown of macromolecules into smaller molecules.
Chemical digestion starts with saliva and continues into the intestines.
Chemical digestion takes place in separate compartments protected by a thick secretion of mucus.
Chemical digestion takes place in the stomach.
Chemical digestion takes places.
Chemical digestion uses enzymes.
Most chemical digestion begins in mouths.
Most chemical digestion occurs in intestines.
Most chemical digestion occurs in small intestines.
Most chemical digestion takes place in the stomach.
Most chemical digestion takes places.
Most chemical digestion uses enzymes.
Chemical discharge is also a widespread problem.
All chemical disinfectants produce byproducts.
Chemical disinfection is a generally lightweight method, easy to use, inexpensive and effective.
Chemical disinfection is an integral part of pool water treatment.
Chemical ecologists are also in a position to provide some assessment of the hidden value of nature.
Chemical education is a dynamic process requiring continuous assessment of trends and directions.
Chemical education is no exception.
Chemical effects are caused directly by the involved components and usually take place immediately.
A chemical element is a substance
Chemical elements act and react upon each other.
Chemical elements are elements.
Chemical elements are made of atoms .
Chemical elements are made of atoms.
Chemical elements are recycled within an ecosystem.
Chemical elements are substances.
Chemical elements constitute all of the ordinary matter of the universe.
Chemical elements exist naturally in the environment with different concentrations.
Chemical elements have isotopes.
Chemical elements have properties.
Chemical elements have stable isotopes.
Chemical elements list.
Chemical elements take different forms in the environment.
All chemical elements have many isotopes.
All chemical elements have radionuclides.
Every chemical element yields a secondary radiation that is characteristic of that element.
Most chemical elements consist of more than one isotope.
Most chemical elements have isotopes.
Most chemical elements have properties.
Most chemical elements have stable isotopes.
Some chemical elements have no stable isotopes at all and are therefore rare.
Chemical energy becomes energy.
Chemical energy becomes kinetic energy.
Chemical energy comes in many different forms.
Chemical energy creates change by being the basis of metabolism in plant and animal life.
Chemical energy depends on strength.
Chemical energy drives performance.
Chemical energy involves bonds.
Chemical energy is a potential energy.
Chemical energy is a process by which atomic bonds are broken and new ones are formed.
Chemical energy is a type of potential energy and is the energy that living cells use.
Chemical energy is any substance that contains one or more kinds of atoms.
Chemical energy is converted into mechanical energy.
Chemical energy is converted to mechanical and heat energy.
Chemical energy is energy
Chemical energy is energy.
Chemical energy is in electrons which orbit nuclei.
Chemical energy is obtained from chemical reactions and is stored in chemical bonds.
Chemical energy is potential energy in the bonds between atoms.
Chemical energy is potential energy stored in the chemical bonds that join atoms together.
Chemical energy is potential energy.
Chemical energy is potential, the energy stored in the chemical bonds.
Chemical energy is released when water reacts chemically with rocks.
Chemical energy is stored and released by the making and breaking of bonds between atoms.
Chemical energy is stored in all kinds of molecules.
Chemical energy is stored in chemical bonds between atoms in the elements and compounds.
Chemical energy is stored in coal.
Chemical energy is stored in food, wood, coal, petroleum and other fuels.
Chemical energy is stored in molecules of matter.
Chemical energy is stored in the bonds between atoms.
Chemical energy is stored in the bonds between the atoms in compounds.
Chemical energy is stored in the molecular bonds of the sugar.
Chemical energy is the energy released when atoms bond together.
Chemical energy is the energy stored in food, wood, coal,petroleum, and other fuels.
Chemical energy is the most practical source and is generally used in one of two ways.
Chemical energy is the source of power in batteries.
Chemical energy refers to energy associated with bonds within a molecule.
Chemical energy stored as starch in the seed is changed to sugar for use during germination.
Chemical energy stored in coal is released as heat energy when the coal is burned.
Chemical energy stores in biomass.
Chemical energy stores in fuel.
Chemical energy stores in plants.
Chemical energy transforms into heat.
Chemical energy turns into mechanical energy and heat.
Most chemical energy becomes energy.
Most chemical energy becomes kinetic energy.
Most chemical energy depends on strength.
Most chemical energy involves bonds.
Some chemical energy comes from carbohydrates.
Some chemical energy comes from conversions.
Some chemical energy comes from photosynthesis.
Some chemical energy comes from plants.
Some chemical energy gets energy.
Some chemical energy gets heat energy.
Some chemical energy releases heat energy.
Chemical engineer inspects a diffraction grating.
Chemical engineers address large-scale problems.
Chemical engineers analyze and design ways to transform and transfer material and energy.
Chemical engineers apply methods.
Chemical engineers apply various methods.
Chemical engineers are also concerned with the economics of the scale-up process.
Chemical engineers are comfort able with flow charts.
Chemical engineers are concerned with processing raw materials into usable products.
Chemical engineers are creative problem solvers.
Chemical engineers are creative problem-solvers whose work touches all of our lives.
Chemical engineers are engineers.
Chemical engineers are involved in producing many different things.
Chemical engineers are now more than ever employed by lots of different kinds of companies.
Chemical engineers are probably the most versatile type of engineers.
Chemical engineers are uniquely qualified to combine both skills.
Chemical engineers assist in the design and manufactuing of semiconductor chips and circuit boards.
Chemical engineers can then separate out the different components.
Chemical engineers combine backgrounds.
Chemical engineers design, construct, and operate chemical processes.
Chemical engineers develop processes that turn raw materials into usable products.
Chemical engineers do it in packed beds.
Chemical engineers earn more, as a rule, than chemists.
Chemical engineers find employment in all phases of technical operations.
Chemical engineers find employment in the manufacturing of every material one can think of.
Chemical engineers find the best possible way to manufacture a product.
Chemical engineers have a strong background in chemistry, physics, and mathematics.
Chemical engineers have little difficulty picking up the ability to conduct biological research.
Chemical engineers invent, develop, design, operate, and manage processes.
Chemical engineers make a significant difference in our quality of life.
Chemical engineers make the most money.
Chemical engineers solve complex problems involving chemistry and math.
Chemical engineers solve problems ranging from mathematical analysis to plumbing.
Chemical engineers solve problems.
Chemical engineers study colloids, suspensions and separations.
Chemical engineers study crude oil to find more efficient fuels.
Chemical engineers transform matter to create new materials, fuels, and processes.
Chemical engineers turn gunk into oil, gasoline and plastics.
Chemical engineers use an XML derivative to exchange molecular information.
Chemical engineers use chemicals to make products like drugs and medicines or fertilizers for crops.
Chemical engineers use concepts.
Chemical engineers use separation techniques.
Chemical engineers use techniques.
Chemical engineers use the concept extensively, but the unit is rather small for industrial use.
Chemical engineers work at the crossroads of chemistry, physics, biology, and engineering.
Chemical engineers work in many phases of the production of chemicals and chemical products.
Chemical engineers working in conjuction with physicians can help develop the system as whole.
Many chemical engineers find themselves working in areas that relate to materials engineering.
Many chemical engineers work in technical sales, cost estimation, patent law and plant supervision.
Most chemical engineers apply methods.
Most chemical engineers apply various methods.
Most chemical engineers combine backgrounds.
Most chemical engineers solve problems.
Most chemical engineers use concepts.
Most chemical engineers use separation techniques.
Most chemical engineers use techniques.
Some chemical engineers become astronauts, computer system designers, or brewers of specialty beers.
Some chemical engineers find books.
Some chemical engineers work in technical sales for a variety of industries.
Some chemical engineers work in technical sales in a variety of industries.
Some chemical engineers work in waste management.
A chemical engineering is technology
Chemical engineering are engineering.
Chemical engineering are technology.
Chemical engineering can bring an important contribution to all sorts of interdisciplinary efforts.
Chemical engineering combines the jobs of a chemist and that of industrial engineer .
Chemical engineering combines the jobs of a chemist and that of industrial engineer.
Chemical engineering does the same by stressing chemical engineering fundamentals and applications.
Chemical engineering focuses on the chemical and physical transformation of materials.
Chemical engineering has close to an open-door policy for students at all times.
Chemical engineering is a broad discipline and covers many different fields of study.
Chemical engineering is a broad field that encompasses many industries and activities.
Chemical engineering is a discipline influencing numerous areas of technology.
Chemical engineering is a discipline that was developed alongside the oil industry.
Chemical engineering is a diverse and complex profession.
Chemical engineering is a dynamic field.
Chemical engineering is a versatile field.
Chemical engineering is a versatile, exciting field in today's world.
Chemical engineering is a very broad field.
Chemical engineering is a very marketable specialty.
Chemical engineering is about chemicals and more.
Chemical engineering is so broad that most people have a focus of some kind.
Chemical engineering is still a male-dominated field.
Chemical engineering provides an excellent background for a degree in medicine.
Chemical equations describe chemical reactions.
Chemical equations represent changes that take place in a reaction.
Chemical equations represent chemical reactions.
Chemical equations use the Latin abbreviations.
Some chemical equations take places.
Chemical equilibrium exhibits no change on the macroscopic level.
Chemical equilibrium exists when the two opposite reactions occur simultaneously at the same rate.
Chemical equilibrium is a dynamic process at the molecular level.
Chemical equilibrium is an idea which describes the behavior of chemical reactions over time .
Chemical equilibrium is an idea which describes the behavior of chemical reactions over time.
Chemical equilibrium is chemical reaction.
Chemical equilibrium is reached at that point.
Chemical equilibrium is reaction
Chemical etching can damage and weaken tile surfaces.
Chemical evolution is important.
Chemical explosives account for virtually all explosive applications in engineering.
Chemical explosives are just things that burn, but burn very fast.
Chemical explosives are of two general kinds.
Any chemical explosive produces a small EMP during detonation.
Chemical exposure can also damage cables and connectors.
Chemical exposure can result in changes that trigger the coagulation process.
Chemical exposure is especially damaging to children.
Chemical exposure is relatively easy to control but mold presents an ongoing challenge.
Chemical exposures are either chronic or acute.
Chemical extraction is based on brine carbonation and regrigeration.
Chemical factories perform follow functions.
Chemical factories perform functions.
Most chemical factories perform follow functions.
Most chemical factories perform functions.
Chemical fertilizer contains nutrients.
Chemical fertilizer uses in farms.
Chemical fertilizers are another issue.
Chemical fertilizers are another source of nitrogen.
Chemical fertilizers are either mixed or manufactured and have the advantage of low cost.
Chemical fertilizers are fine as are organic ones.
Chemical fertilizers are manufactured from nonliving materials.
Chemical fertilizers are simply unaffordable for most small farmers.
Chemical fertilizers are usually very uniform and consistent in their plant food content.
Chemical fertilizers cause lush, weak growth that brings in pests by the droves.
Chemical fertilizers cost twice as much.
Chemical fertilizers emit greenhouse gases during manufacture and application.
Chemical fertilizers green up the grass quicker, but leave the grass hungry for more quickly, too.
Chemical fertilizers leave behind salty residues in the soil.
Chemical fertilizers Use compost or coffee grounds, bone meal and wood ashes.
Many chemical fertilizers contain the nitrate form of nitrogen, which can harm the plant's roots.
Most chemical fertilizer contains nutrients.
Most chemical fertilizer uses in farms.
Most chemical fertilizers are simply rock or mineral materials rich in nutrient elements.
Some chemical fertilizer creates conditions.
Some chemical fertilizers can increase soil acidity to levels intolerable to worms.
Chemical fixation makes P unavailable for the long term.
Chemical fixation occurs at high temperatures.
Chemical fixation stops microbial decay and stops chemistry almost completely.
Chemical forces are forces caused by other compounds, or molecules.
A chemical formula is a statement
Chemical formula is an international or universal language.
Chemical formulas allow easy comparison with other similar products.
Chemical formulas are unacceptable.
Chemical formulas are used in chemical equations to describe chemical reactions .
Chemical formulas are used in chemical equations to describe chemical reactions.
Chemical formulas represent .
Some chemical formulas attempt to describe the structure in the formula itself.
Chemical fossils are also important in scientific research into well-preserved sedimentary rocks.
Chemical fractionation is the formation of certain most stable minerals.
Chemical fuels remain the dominant form of energy storage for electricity generation.
A chemical group is an unit
Chemical group is silicate .
Some chemical groups are part of actin.
Some chemical groups are part of albumens.
Some chemical groups are part of amylases.
Some chemical groups are part of antibodies.
Some chemical groups are part of antivenins.
Some chemical groups are part of blubber.
Some chemical groups are part of carbohydrates.
Some chemical groups are part of cellulose.
Some chemical groups are part of chitin.
Some chemical groups are part of coenzymes.
Some chemical groups are part of collagen.
Some chemical groups are part of cytokines.
Some chemical groups are part of deoxyribose.
Some chemical groups are part of enzymes.
Some chemical groups are part of erythropoietin.
Some chemical groups are part of exons.
Some chemical groups are part of fructose.
Some chemical groups are part of gelatin.
Some chemical groups are part of glucose.
Some chemical groups are part of glycogen.
Some chemical groups are part of grease.
Some chemical groups are part of hemoglobins.
Some chemical groups are part of introns.
Some chemical groups are part of keratin.
Some chemical groups are part of lactose.
Some chemical groups are part of lipases.
Some chemical groups are part of lipids.
Some chemical groups are part of molecules.
Some chemical groups are part of monosaccharides.
Some chemical groups are part of myelin.
Some chemical groups are part of myosin.
Some chemical groups are part of oil.
Some chemical groups are part of operons.
Some chemical groups are part of opsonins.
Some chemical groups are part of pepsin.
Some chemical groups are part of peptidases.
Some chemical groups are part of petroleum.
Some chemical groups are part of phospholipids.
Some chemical groups are part of polymerases.
Some chemical groups are part of polysaccharides.
Some chemical groups are part of proteins.
Some chemical groups are part of ribose.
Some chemical groups are part of ricin.
Some chemical groups are part of starches.
Some chemical groups are part of triglyceride.
Some chemical groups are part of trypsins.
Some chemical groups are part of virions.
Some chemical groups are part of wax.
Chemical hazards are also present at wastewater treatment facilities.
Chemical hazards are the most common.
Chemical identity is expressed in terms of the molecular structure.
Chemical imbalances are a leading cause of sickness in fish.
Chemical imbalances are also a common culprit for any panic disorder.
Chemical imbalances can trigger depressive episodes.
Chemical imbalances cause mental symptoms.
Chemical imbalances cause symptoms.
Most chemical imbalances cause mental symptoms.
Most chemical imbalances cause symptoms.
Some chemical imbalances cause illnesses.
Some chemical imbalances cause mental illnesses.
Chemical indicators are also available and provide immediate feedback on the process.
Chemical indicators are only one way to assess the state of water quality.
Some chemical indicators are specific to particular forms of pollution.
A chemical industry is an industry
Chemical industries are industries.
Chemical industries produce xylene from petroleum and to a smaller extent from coal.
Chemical industry can only use the highest grades.
Chemical industry has significant contributory role in the development of national economy.
Chemical industry needs it for soda, sodium, and hydrochloric acid.
Chemical information is no exception.
Chemical information is transferred to the brain, which allows the snake to interpret the smell.
Chemical injection replaces surgery in selected cases.
Chemical interaction affects functions.
Chemical interaction affects reaction functions.
Chemical interactions affect the solubility of elements and their subsequent availability to plants.
Chemical interactions are essentially electron interactions of two atoms.
Most chemical interaction affects functions.
Most chemical interaction affects reaction functions.
Chemical irritants affect membranes.
Chemical irritants affect mucous membranes.
Chemical irritants affect oral mucous membranes.
Most chemical irritants affect membranes.
Most chemical irritants affect mucous membranes.
Most chemical irritants affect oral mucous membranes.
Chemical knowledge is cumulative.
Chemical knowledge is required to live in modern technology.
Chemical lasers use liquid hydrogen fluoride to make intense beams for weapons.
Chemical laws have special applications for water, so essential for life.
Chemical leak link to kidney damage.
Chemical life evolves to be cellular life.
Chemical makeup refers to the atoms the mineral is composed of.
Chemical materials continue to be regulated with very inadequate and incomplete information.
Chemical mediators cause marked vasodilation and increased capillary permeability.
Chemical messengers carry signals from one nerve branch to another.
Chemical messengers transmit information from nerve cell to nerve cell in the body and the brain.
Chemical metallurgy involves the extraction of the metals from the minerals by chemical reactions.
Chemical mixtures can present difficult challenges in glove choice.
Some chemical mixtures generate a toxic gas.
Chemical modification enables demonstration of weak interactions between biopolymers.
Chemical molecules initiate faster responses.
Chemical molecules plug the pores of the skin, causing loss if oxygen and irritation.
Chemical molecules plug the pores of the skin, causing loss of oxygen and irritation.
Chemical names are long and difficult to pronounce.
Chemical names are the only way ingredients can be listed because that's what they are.
Chemical names can also be generic names covering several substances in a category of chemicals.
Chemical names fall into the special category of technical jargon.
Many chemical names look or sound similar, but represent significantly different substances.
Chemical oceanography is emphasized and discussed.
Chemical oxidation is followed by biological oxidation of degradation products.
Chemical pain tends to respond well to medications and is generally worsened with movements.
Chemical peels are a normally safe and popular way to treat facial wrinkling and fine scarring.
Chemical peels are a very important part of the skin rejuvenation process.
Chemical peels are at one time simple but complex.
Chemical peels are cosmetic procedures performed at the request of the patient.
Chemical peels are less expensive than laser resurfacing .
Chemical peels can help as well.
Chemical peels employ an acid solution to damage the top layer of skin.
Chemical peels exfoliate, or unclog pores, in the skin.
Chemical peels strip off the top layers of skin and new younger-looking skin grows back.
Chemical peels vary according to their specific ingredients and their strength.
Chemical peels vary depending on the type of solution used.
All chemical peels carry some uncertainty and risk.
Chemical peeling uses a chemical solution in order to improve the skin's appearance.
Chemical peeling uses specific chemicals of varying strengths to remove the outer layer of the skin.
Chemical pesticide contains toxins.
Chemical pesticides are contact poisons in addition to being stomach poisons.
Chemical pesticides are effective only during a specific time in the leaf miner's life cycle.
Chemical pesticides are totally taboo for use in true butterfly gardens.
Chemical pesticides are toxic substances that are designed to kill insects, plants and fungi.
Chemical pesticides can kill other organisms besides the ones for which they are intended.
Chemical pesticides can kill other organismsbesides the ones for which they are intended.
Chemical pesticides can pose hazards to humans, pets and the environment.
Chemical pesticides have no place in organic gardening.
Chemical pesticides provide another well proven method of disease control.
Chemical pesticides represent only a single control strategy and are used only as a last resort.
Many chemical pesticides kill the good bugs and bacteria that naturally reside in fertile soil.
Some chemical pesticide affects environmental health.
Some chemical pesticide affects health.
Chemical physics is an important field in physics.
A chemical plant is a factory
Chemical plant discharges waste into the Mediterranean, Lebanon.
Chemical plants are a big threat.
Chemical plants are facilities.
Chemical plants are factories.
Chemical plants are industrial plants.
Chemical plants are obvious sources of potential accidents.
Chemical plants are one source of hazardous materials, but there are many others.
Chemical plants operate near the potash deposits and the oil refineries.
Chemical plants use the controller for accurate batching and blending.
Chemical pneumonitis can be a life threatening condition.
Chemical pneumonitis occurs when aspirated material is directly toxic to the lungs.
Many chemical pollutants mimic human hormones.
Some chemical pollutants are structurally similar to hormones and thus can mimic hormone signals.
Some chemical pollutants enter water.
Chemical precipitation is assumed to be an intermediate step for the disposal of some brines.
Chemical precipitation is possible.
Chemical precipitation used in water treatment is a good example.
A chemical process is an action
Chemical process can occur within living organisms or from nonliving sources.
Chemical processes are natural processes.
Chemical processes are physical events.
Chemical processes increase by two or three times as temperature rises.
All chemical processes have an ideal pH at which they are most efficient.
Many chemical processes require tight temperature control.
Most chemical processes involve liquids or gases.
Most chemical processes involve the collective behavior of many atoms.
Most chemical processes require a PHA, using qualitative techniques.
Chemical processing are processing.
Chemical processing is very inefficient.
Chemical products are mainly drugs and medicine.
Chemical products are present in everything from shampoo to floor polish.
Chemical products are the leading manufacturing field.
Chemical products can be toxic to marine and estuarine life.
Chemical products guide .
Chemical products have a significant weight in Dutch exports.
Chemical products play important roles.
Chemical products play roles.
Chemical products produce assets.
All chemical product is sold in Canadian metric units.
Any chemical product can cause serious injury or death if used improperly.
Many chemical products are incompatible such as bleach and ammonia.
Many chemical products found in homes can be hazardous to use or store.
Many chemical products undergo changes in storage or transport which result in solid residues.
Most chemical products play important roles.
Most chemical products play roles.
Most chemical products produce assets.
Some chemical products cause injuries.
Some chemical products have more than one retail name.
Chemical production continues.
Chemical production creates jobs and adds to economic activity around the world.
Chemical production is a huge international business.
Chemical production is a major market for salt.
Chemical production is energy intensive.
A chemical property is a property
Chemical properties are intermediate between rhenium and manganese.
Chemical properties are often hard to observe.
Chemical properties are only observable during a chemical reaction.
Chemical properties are properties that do change the nature of matter.
Chemical properties are properties.
Chemical properties are the characteristics that describe the composition of matter.
Chemical properties are virtually identical for all isotopes of a given element.
Chemical properties deal with how one chemical reacts with another.
Chemical properties describe how a substance can change into other new substances.
Chemical properties describe how a substance changes into a new substance.
Chemical properties influence chemical reactions which supply nutrients to plants.
Chemical properties involve reacting with another substance.
Chemical properties show the potential of matter to go through some chemical changes or reaction.
Chemical propulsion produces higher thrust.
Chemical pulp provides stronger fibers and higher brightness but has lower opacity.
Chemical purification involves the use of iodine or chlorine to kill the nasties in the water.
Chemical quality is defined as either innocuous or deleterious.
Chemical reaction causes that.
Chemical reaction creates compounds.
Chemical reaction creates heat.
Chemical reaction generates energy.
Chemical reaction generates kinetic energy.
Chemical reaction gives off heat.
Chemical reaction goes on, heats up gas, channelled backwards so that rocket goes forward.
Chemical reaction has consequences.
Chemical reaction has negative consequences.
Chemical reaction has properties.
Chemical reaction has steps.
Chemical reaction involves chemical compounds.
Chemical reaction involves compounds.
Chemical reaction involves different substances.
Chemical reaction involves energy.
Chemical reaction involves exchanges.
Chemical reaction involves in energy.
Chemical reaction involves in photosynthesis.
Chemical reaction involves oxygen.
Chemical reaction involves substances.
Chemical reaction is a chemical action
Chemical reaction is a process in which one substance is chemically converted to another.
Chemical reaction is another expensive process to compute exactly.
Chemical reaction is caused by interaction.
Chemical reaction is chemical processes.
Chemical reaction is physical events.
Chemical reaction needs energy.
Chemical reaction occurs at temperature.
Chemical reaction occurs in organisms.
Chemical reaction occurs in reductions.
Chemical reaction occurs under conditions.
Chemical reaction occurs under difficult conditions.
Chemical reaction occurs with temp.
Chemical reaction occurs within normal physiological temperature.
Chemical reaction occurs within normal temperature.
Chemical reaction occurs within physiological temperature.
Chemical reaction occurs within temperature.
Chemical reaction produces energy.
Chemical reaction produces heat energy.
Chemical reaction provides energy.
Chemical reaction relates to activities.
Chemical reaction requires activation energy.
Chemical reaction requires energy.
Chemical reaction requires some kind of mixing or diffusion process.
Chemical reactions appear as functional applications constructing new functions.
Chemical reactions are a necessary condition to life.
Chemical reactions are a similar case.
Chemical reactions are difficult to reverse.
Chemical reactions are most intense where the climate is wet and hot .
Chemical reactions are most intense where the climate is wet and hot.
Chemical reactions are often dependent on some electronic parameters of the given molecules.
Chemical reactions are pressure-dependent.
Chemical reactions are reversible.
Chemical reactions are the basis of all chemistry.
Chemical reactions are the basis of all life on earth.
Chemical reactions are the heart of chemistry.
Chemical reactions are where the composition changes.
Chemical reactions become increasingly more endergonic.
Chemical reactions can also cause fires in garbage collection trucks.
Chemical reactions can also create substances that are insoluable in a given liquid.
Chemical reactions can be either endothermic or exothermic.
Chemical reactions can be fun to watch.
Chemical reactions can use up, or produce useful energy.
Chemical reactions cause the base layer literally to break down.
Chemical reactions change the taste and style of the tea .
Chemical reactions change the taste and style of the tea.
Chemical reactions convert one chemical substance into another.
Chemical reactions convert some minerals contained in the parent materials into clay minerals.
Chemical reactions depend upon such collisions.
Chemical reactions digest the minerals of the protolith which yields new minerals.
Chemical reactions find new ways to live.
Chemical reactions happen very rapidly.
Chemical reactions influence the heart, nervous system, muscles and other areas of the body.
Chemical reactions influence the nervous system, as well as the muscles and other areas of the body.
Chemical reactions involve breaking and reforming covalent bonds.
Chemical reactions involve combining different substances.
Chemical reactions involve either the transfer or the sharing of electrons between atoms.
Chemical reactions involve re-organization of the atoms, the way they are bound together.
Chemical reactions involve reorganization of the atoms-changes in the way they are bound together.
Chemical reactions involve sharing or exchanging electrons.
Chemical reactions involve the breaking and forming of bonds.
Chemical reactions involve the formation or destruction of bonds between atoms .
Chemical reactions lack the energy density to efficiently fuel a launcher.
Chemical reactions occur at a rate that depends on temperature.
Chemical reactions occur faster with the addition of heat, slower without it.
Chemical reactions occur in a series of steps called a metabolic pathway.
Chemical reactions occur in nature, and some also can be performed in a laboratory setting.
Chemical reactions occur much faster here than on the surface of the Earth.
Chemical reactions occur when atoms are separated, joined, or rearranged.
Chemical reactions occur when chemicals combine to form new substances.
Chemical reactions occur when new bonds are formed or broken in molecules.
Chemical reactions occur when the metals are being mixed.
Chemical reactions occur within are bodies, one example is digestion.
Chemical reactions oscillate in chaotic fashion.
Chemical reactions proceed more rapidly at higher temperatures.
Chemical reactions producing water are common in space.
Chemical reactions progress in the direction of high to low energy.
Chemical reactions rearrange connections between atoms.
Chemical reactions require collisions - the physical impact of the reacting molecules.
Chemical reactions require mixing.
Chemical reactions run faster at higher temperatures.
Chemical reactions run slowly when it is cold, but quickly when it is hot.
Chemical reactions take place, and mineral grains grow.
Chemical reactions take the oxygen out of the water that river life needs.
Chemical reactions take the starting chemicals and end up with new chemicals.
All chemical reactions are random.
All chemical reactions are reversible in principle.
All chemical reactions are reversible.
All chemical reactions are, in principle, reversible, i.e., they can go in both directions.
All chemical reactions are, in principle, reversible.
All chemical reactions involve a change in substances and a change in energy.
All chemical reactions involve atoms trying to get a full outer shell of electrons .
All chemical reactions involve changes in energy distribution.
All chemical reactions involve making, breaking, and relocating bonds.
All chemical reactions occur between electrons in the outer energy level of atoms.
All chemical reactions proceed in the direction of attaining greater binding energy.
All chemical reactions proceed until a balance is established between reactants and products.
All chemical reactions require an initial input of energy called the energy of activation .
All chemical reactions require energy to begin.
All chemical reactions require energy to occur.
All chemical reactions speed up as temperature is raised.
All chemical reactions tend toward a state of chemical equilibrium.
Every chemical reaction has it's characteristic proportions.
Every chemical reaction involves a a. change in the state of the matter in the reactants.
Every chemical reaction requires energy to occur.
Many chemical reaction are able to release energy to the surroundings.
Many chemical reactions are also reversible.
Many chemical reactions are difficult to do, especially the more selective ones.
Many chemical reactions are elementary.
Many chemical reactions are irreversable.
Many chemical reactions are reversible.
Many chemical reactions give off energy.
Many chemical reactions give out heat, a byproduct in excess during the molecular rearrangement.
Many chemical reactions happen a lot faster at higher temps.
Many chemical reactions have products with less chemical energy than the reactants.
Many chemical reactions involve an equilibrium process.
Many chemical reactions keep an organism alive.
Many chemical reactions produce energy in the form of heat .
Many chemical reactions produce energy in the form of heat.
Many chemical reactions take place in the cytosol.
Many chemical reactions take place uniformly throughout a volume.
More chemical reactions occur in general as a cell increases in volume.
Most chemical reaction creates compounds.
Most chemical reaction creates heat.
Most chemical reaction generates energy.
Most chemical reaction generates kinetic energy.
Most chemical reaction gives off heat.
Most chemical reaction has consequences.
Most chemical reaction has negative consequences.
Most chemical reaction has properties.
Most chemical reaction has steps.
Most chemical reaction involves chemical compounds.
Most chemical reaction involves compounds.
Most chemical reaction involves different substances.
Most chemical reaction involves energy.
Most chemical reaction involves exchanges.
Most chemical reaction involves in energy.
Most chemical reaction involves in photosynthesis.
Most chemical reaction involves oxygen.
Most chemical reaction involves substances.
Most chemical reaction is caused by interaction.
Most chemical reaction needs energy.
Most chemical reaction occurs at temperature.
Most chemical reaction occurs in organisms.
Most chemical reaction occurs in reductions.
Most chemical reaction occurs under conditions.
Most chemical reaction occurs under difficult conditions.
Most chemical reaction occurs within normal physiological temperature.
Most chemical reaction occurs within normal temperature.
Most chemical reaction occurs within physiological temperature.
Most chemical reaction occurs within temperature.
Most chemical reaction produces energy.
Most chemical reaction produces heat energy.
Most chemical reaction provides energy.
Most chemical reaction relates to activities.
Most chemical reaction requires activation energy.
Most chemical reaction requires energy.
Most chemical reactions are done inside a fume hood .
Most chemical reactions are done inside a fume hood.
Most chemical reactions are exothermic.
Most chemical reactions give off heat.
Most chemical reactions involve the breaking and formation of chemical bonds.
Most chemical reactions occur in some form of solution.
Most chemical reactions take place in solution.
Some chemical reaction absorbs energy.
Some chemical reaction affects characteristics.
Some chemical reaction boosts metabolism.
Some chemical reaction causes explosions.
Some chemical reaction changes color.
Some chemical reaction destroys ozones.
Some chemical reaction has energy.
Some chemical reaction has lower energy.
Some chemical reaction has lower total energy.
Some chemical reaction has total energy.
Some chemical reaction involves addition.
Some chemical reaction involves air pollution.
Some chemical reaction involves breaks.
Some chemical reaction involves elements.
Some chemical reaction involves energy transformation.
Some chemical reaction involves enzymes.
Some chemical reaction involves in respiration.
Some chemical reaction involves light.
Some chemical reaction involves minerals.
Some chemical reaction involves pollution.
Some chemical reaction involves proteins.
Some chemical reaction involves transformation.
Some chemical reaction leads to destruction.
Some chemical reaction leads to ozone destruction.
Some chemical reaction occurs in chloroplasts.
Some chemical reaction occurs in clouds.
Some chemical reaction occurs in organs.
Some chemical reaction produces acid.
Some chemical reaction produces carbon dioxide.
Some chemical reaction produces carbonic acid.
Some chemical reaction produces dioxide.
Some chemical reaction produces electricity.
Some chemical reaction produces light.
Some chemical reaction produces products.
Some chemical reaction produces radiation.
Some chemical reaction produces shock waves.
Some chemical reaction produces waste products.
Some chemical reaction produces waves.
Some chemical reaction releases chemical energy.
Some chemical reaction releases electrical energy.
Some chemical reaction releases energy.
Some chemical reaction requires energy input.
Some chemical reaction requires input.
Some chemical reaction takes places.
Some chemical reaction triggers physiological reaction.
Some chemical reactions absorb energy and are called endothermic reactions.
Some chemical reactions cause a voltage to appear between the two substances that are reacting.
Some chemical reactions give off heat, while others absorb heat and make their container cold.
Some chemical reactions release energy, others store energy.
Some chemical reactions require the addition of energy such as heat .
Chemical reactivity can provide a certain qualitative insight into aromaticity.
Chemical reactivity is a measure of how likely atoms are to form bonds with other atoms.
Chemical reactivity is another way to battle counterfeiting.
Chemical reactivity is highest at the two extremes and is the lowest in the centre.
A chemical reactor is apparatus
Chemical reactor analyses begins with a material balance.
All chemical reagents are of reagent-grade or higher purity.
Chemical receptors are sensitive mostly to noxious gases and fumes.
Chemical receptors stimulate the taste receptors on the tongue to register a reaction.
Chemical reduction is used to yield fuel oil or natural gas substitutes.
Chemical research is an important undertaking for Texas.
Chemical resistance ensures durability.
Chemical resistance ensures their extremely long lifecycle.
Chemical resistance is excellent against most acids and bases.
Chemical resistance is excellent against most solvents and fuels.
Chemical resistance is fair.
Chemical resistance is good, except to strong acids and alkalies.
Chemical resistance is good.
Chemical resistance protects the resin from breakdown due to exposure to environmental chemicals.
Chemical resistance varies between different coatings.
Chemical resources are as important in the fabrication of particleboard as wood supplies.
Chemical restraint involves the use of psychotropic drugs or sedatives or paralytic agents.
Chemical restraint is a viable option to consider for a variety of procedures.
Chemical restraint is required for prolonged or invasive procedures.
Chemical restraints are mind-altering drugs used to control a resident s behavioral symptoms.
Chemical restraints can be an effective adjunct or replacement for physical restraints.
Chemical rocket fuels Two main classes of chemical-rocket fuels exist, liquid and solid.
Chemical rockets are expensive but they can carry fragile cargo including people.
Chemical rockets are powered by exothermic chemical reactions of the propellant.
Chemical rockets have limited fuel exhaust speeds.
Chemical runoff is also a big problem for our local waters.
Chemical safety is an area of science education that needs to be attended to vigilantly.
Chemical safety is closely related to laboratory safety and emergency procedures.
Chemical safety is ensured primarily by analyzing food for trace residues of pesticides.
Chemical salts balance the evaporation by drawing moisture from the substrata and the atmosphere.
Chemical sensitivity can occur following exposure to substances such as formaldehyde.
Chemical sensitivity is a more complex and far reaching condition.
Chemical sensitivity is described as a symptom that occurs at low levels of exposure.
Chemical sensors are an obvious choice.
Chemical sensors provide equivalents of taste and smell .
Chemical sensors provide equivalents of taste and smell.
Chemical sensors serve as an interface between biological and electronic systems.
Chemical separation covers pH adjustment, polyelectrolytes, metal salts, and clay chemistry.
Chemical shift is reported in ppm.
Chemical shift is used to determine all possible assignments for each dimension.
Chemical shifts can reveal details of oxidation states and ligands of a given element.
Chemical shifts depend upon, What is next to the proton.
Chemical shifts indicate the type of enviroment in which a nucleus is situated.
Most chemical signals work by signal-transduction pathways.
Chemical soil is kept free of root-chewing insects.
Chemical solutions are usually homogeneous mixtures.
Chemical spill clean up.
Chemical spills are spillings.
Chemical spills can also hamper research.
Chemical spills can often cause injuries and illness.
Chemical spills require immediate action.
Most chemical spills can be clean-up by laboratory personnel with minimal risk.
Chemical stability is monitored regularly with our in-house quality testing.
Chemical storage is by hazard class.
Chemical storage is controlled by permitting and inspection of storage facilities.
Chemical storage is no longer a problem.
Chemical stratification occurs between the crust, mantle, and core.
Many chemical strippers are very flammable.
Chemical structure is, of course, ultra-microscopic.
Chemical structures can get very complicated.
Chemical structures have bonds.
Chemical structures have chemical bonds.
Chemical structures represent substrates.
Most chemical structures have bonds.
Most chemical structures have chemical bonds.
A chemical substance is a material
Chemical substances can be chemical elements , chemical compounds , ions or alloys .
Chemical substances can be solids , liquids , gases, or plasma .
Chemical substances consist of chemical elements.
Chemical substances consist of different elements.
Chemical substances consist of elements.
Chemical substances contain atoms.
Chemical substances form part of daily life in modern societies, also in Denmark.
Chemical substances have the advantage of mobility.
Chemical substances increase in our blood stream.
Chemical substances occur in cigarette smoke as gases or as particulates.
All chemical substances can produce adverse health effects at some level of exposure.
Any chemical substance is toxic if it is ingested or absorbed in excessive amounts.
Every chemical substance emits a unique spectrum when it absorbs energy.
Most chemical substances combine with it when they crystallize.
Most chemical substances consist of chemical elements.
Most chemical substances consist of different elements.
Most chemical substances consist of elements.
Most chemical substances contain atoms.
Some chemical substances are produced by candidas.
Some chemical substances are produced by organisms.
Some chemical substances are secreted by animals.
Some chemical substances dissolve in water.
Some chemical substances exist as air.
Some chemical substances find in blood.
Some chemical substances induce allergies.
Some chemical substances inhibit bacterial growth.
Some chemical substances inhibit growth.
Some chemical substances produce chemicals.
Some chemical substances release into air.
Some chemical substances use in food.
Most chemical suppliers send MSDSs with chemical orders automatically.
Chemical suppression is unpredictable.
Chemical symbols are used all over the world .
Chemical symbols are used all over the world.
Some chemical symbols are the short forms of their English names.
Chemical synapses allow transmission of nerve impulses in only one direction.
Chemical synapses are the predominant type of interneuronal communication in the mammalian brain.
Chemical synapses carry information, but do so in only one direction.
Chemical synthesis adds amino acids one at a time to a growing chains using a cycle of reactions.
Chemical synthesis is a fundamental topic to the understanding of chemistry.
Chemical technicians can have varied education backgrounds.
Chemical technicians conduct experiments.
Chemical technicians work with chemists and chemical engineers.
Most chemical technicians conduct experiments.
Some chemical technicians collect and analyze samples of air and water to monitor pollution levels.
Some chemical technicians monitor pollution by collecting and analyzing samples of air and water.
Some chemical technicians work in sales.
Chemical technologies pervade our lives.
Chemical tempering makes the lens impact-resistant.
Chemical terrorism is a terrorist act
Chemical terrorism is close at hand, and biological terrorism is a future danger.
Chemical tests are very important in identifying some species.
Chemical tests cost more, and can take much longer to complete.
Chemical tests indicate that the druse crystals in the stomium are calcium oxalate.
Chemical tests show lower than normal levels of dopamine in that section of the brain.
Chemical tests to measure levels.
Chemical testing is an effective means of detecting the presence of histamine in fish flesh.
Chemical testing is the only reliable test for evaluation of a product.
Chemical testing varies tremendously.
Chemical toilet wastes, grease trap pumping, septic tank or cesspool pumping wastes.
Chemical toilets are also available near the camping area.
Chemical toilets are available at both South Tufa and Navy Beach.
Chemical toilets are available here.
Chemical toilets are available in many models.
Chemical toilets are available near the Ranger Residence.
Chemical toilets are available on request.
Chemical toilets are available.
Chemical toilets are in the area.
Chemical toxins cause diseases.
Chemical toxins harm animals.
Chemical toxins harm aquatic animals.
Chemical transformation is influenced by hydrolysis, oxidation, photolysis, and biodegradation.
Chemical transformation is treated by simple exponential decay.
Chemical transport is modeled by means of the convection-dispersion equation.
Chemical transport is modeled with the convection-dispersion equation.
Chemical treatment addresses the question of how much of a particular chemical was used on a crop.
Chemical treatment can give a mild unpleasant taste to the water.
Chemical treatment can impart an unpleasant taste to water.
Chemical treatment has limited effectiveness.
Chemical treatment has to be done every year, and it is very expensive.
Chemical treatment is a solution containing chrome.
Chemical treatment is an option for summer patch, but the trick is to start early.
Chemical treatment is difficult to time accurately and is destructive to natural predators and bees.
Chemical treatment is done with a drug called methotrexate .
Chemical treatment is used when the stands of purple loosestrife are too large for manual control.
Chemical treatment is usually unwarranted and ineffective.
Chemical treatment offers several advantages.
Chemical treatment reduces strength loss when wet and prolongs the life of the rope.
Chemical treatment reduces the lignin content, and synthetic sizing agents are then added.
Chemical treatments cause reaction.
Chemical treatments cause toxic reaction.
Chemical treatments provide effective methods.
Chemical treatments provide methods.
Most chemical treatments cause reaction.
Most chemical treatments cause toxic reaction.
Most chemical treatments provide effective methods.
Most chemical treatments provide methods.
Some chemical treatments are permanent.
Some chemical treatments involve complicate techniques.
Some chemical treatments involve techniques.
Most chemical units operate in a national organization at corps level or below.
Chemical usage is based on conventional practices.
Chemical use is more acceptable behavior for men, but conflicts with society's role of women.
Chemical warfare can be very effective.
Chemical warfare covers only direct attacks on human life.
Chemical warfare has nothing on the scent emitted by a freshly irked skunk.
Chemical warfare is another common strategy.
Chemical warfare is iffy at best.
Chemical warfare is one of our country's very real security concerns.
Chemical warfare is silent, borderless, way more subtle than, say, a massed bayonet charge.
Chemical warfare is war
Chemical warfare is war.
Chemical waste belongs to the individual who generated it.
Chemical waste is centralized in one location.
Chemical waste is disposed of in several different ways.
Chemical waste is disposed of properly.
Chemical waste is shipped quarterly.
All chemical waste needs to be disposed of before the room can be released to the next occupant.
Chemical water can leave undesirable odors and taste.
A chemical weapon is a weapon
Chemical weapons are a different problem.
Chemical weapons are a possibility.
Chemical weapons are a security and environmental nightmare.
Chemical weapons are against international law.
Chemical weapons are also treacherous to make, keep and dispose of.
Chemical weapons are by no means weapons of mass destruction.
Chemical weapons are capable of causing rapid deterioration of flesh.
Chemical weapons are easy to make and easy to hide.
Chemical weapons are inherently genocidal.
Chemical weapons are inhumane.
Chemical weapons are less implements of defense than instruments of terror.
Chemical weapons are man-made, such as sarin or hydrogen cyanide.
Chemical weapons are part of the Egyptian army's standard issue.
Chemical weapons are poison gasses.
Chemical weapons are toxic chemicals.
Chemical weapons are weapons of mass destruction and mass annihilation.
Chemical weapons are weapons.
Chemical weapons become less lethal as they're dispersed.
Chemical weapons bind with oily substances and become harder to remove.
Chemical weapons debate .
Chemical weapons falling into the wrong hands pose a serious threat.
Chemical weapons fly, everything from deadly gas to poison powders.
Chemical weapons pose a serious threat.
Chemical weapons require the simplest of materials and the most limited of knowledge.
Chemical weapons take longer to produce, but kill much faster.
Chemical weapons vote.
A chemical is a material
Chemical abundances in stars and gas.
Chemical abundances in stars.
Chemical analyses as aids in diagnosis.
Chemical analyses of bementite.
Chemical analyses of indoor air requires a less invasive approach.
Chemical analyses of minerals in the apatite group.
Chemical analyses of rocks from East Antarctica.
Chemical analyses of the plants eaten by sifakas are in progress.
Chemical analyses of the two ore hosts exhibit notable differences.
Chemical analyses of whole beetles and egg cases.
Chemical analyses on catapleiites from different localities.
Chemical approaches to the design of specific inhibitors for labeling the active sites of enzymes.
Chemical approaches to the prevention and remediation of pollution.
Chemical approaches to the study of protein folding and unfolding.
Chemical approaches to the synthesis of peptides and proteins.
Chemical atoms themselves evolve in that they disintegrate by radio-active transformations.
Chemical binding agents are never necessary.
Chemical burn due to dry-cleaning solvent.
Chemical burn to nursery stock.
Chemical burns to digestive system and mucosal surface.
Chemical burns to the eyes are a medical emergency.
Chemical burns to the throat, mouth or eye require emergency care.
Chemical burns with serious threat of functional or cosmetic impairment.
Chemical compounds that influence or activate brain functions.
Chemical controls for nematodes.
Chemical controls for pest management.
Chemical controls Making smarter, more focused use of less hazardous insecticides.
Chemical controls Slug pellets and liquid formulations can control slugs underground.
Chemical cues mediating interactions between chalcidoid egg parasitoids and their chrysomelid hosts.
Chemical cues mediating interactions between chrysomelids and parasitoids.
Chemical depend ence in anaesthetic registrars in Australia and New Zealand.
Chemical estrogens in rich foods cause the early onset of sexual maturity in girls.
Chemical fallow for drought insurance.
Chemical fallow in a winter wheat-fallow rotation.
Chemical gives hope for use in weight loss.
Chemical glowing bracelets differ from our other glow products.
Chemical handbooks state that barium is highly toxic to human beings.
Chemical isa material.
Chemical isa stuff.
Chemical posisoning via gas and petrol products is one of the main poisonings.
Chemical reports available, international experience.
Chemical spills over large body areas Remove contaminated clothing while under shower.
Chemical splashes on the skin require immediate attention.
Chemical stripping surely ranks as one of the messiest ways to spend a weekend.
Chemical strips to monitor ozone.
Chemical wastes in sewage are degraded by microorganisms during a multistage process.
Chemical weathering causes chemical changes in the minerals of a rock.
Chemical weathering changes the materials that make up rocks and soil.
Chemical weathering initially works along contacts between mineral grains.
Chemical weathering involves changing one material into another such as changing coal into diamond.
Chemical weathering involves reactions between air and water and minerals in rocks.
Chemical weathering occurs more easily in the mafic minerals.
Chemicals account for most of the e-business so far.
Chemicals accounts for more than a fifth of the area s manufacturing jobs.
Chemicals accumulate in the tissues of the bear with as yet unknown effects.
Chemicals act as fuel.
Chemicals affect growth.
Chemicals affect health.
Chemicals affect human health.
Chemicals affect men.
Chemicals affect muscle tension.
Chemicals affect tension.
Chemicals allow food to be more easily handled by automatic machinery.
Chemicals also add to the solids concentration.
Chemicals also affect behavior, sometimes leading to criminal conduct.
Chemicals also can have side-effects .
Chemicals also can wash into the water with the soil.
Chemicals also enter the air through carpeting, paint.
Chemicals also enter the sea from land-based activities.
Chemicals also possess potential energy.
Chemicals also travel through the disposal field and contaminate ground and surface water.
Chemicals are a dangerous poison to our bodies.
Chemicals are a natural and important part of our environment.
Chemicals are a natural part of our environment.
Chemicals are a part of our world.
Chemicals are a particular sore point when farmers meet the city.
Chemicals are a way of life in most American homes.
Chemicals are also abiotic causes of plant disorders.
Chemicals are also often the only option once a population has become large.
Chemicals are also useful for making body fluid visible.
Chemicals are among the most highly regulated products in commerce.
Chemicals are an important component of China's drive to modernize industrial production.
Chemicals are an important part of every concrete forming project.
Chemicals are an important part of our industry.
Chemicals are another insult.
Chemicals are applied to the film, the crystals break down, and the film is stabilized.
Chemicals are at times the best, but only a temporary control measure.
Chemicals are available as prescription or non-prescription drugs to control lice.
Chemicals are available in the U.S. and Canada only.
Chemicals are available to combat the budworm.
Chemicals are available to inject into the stump.
Chemicals are bad.
Chemicals are basic to manufacturing, and also to the treatment of drinking water.
Chemicals are behind the rage, the aggressiveness, and what fans feel as well.
Chemicals are big business in Texas.
Chemicals are cheaper and more reliable.
Chemicals are commercially available to reduce the number of mites in a hive.
Chemicals are cycled between organic matter and abiotic reservoirs.
Chemicals are economical when used in narrow band applications over the planted row.
Chemicals are environmentally compatible, and work is unconditionally guaranteed.
Chemicals are essential for continued economic development.
Chemicals are essential for modern living.
Chemicals are everywhere.
Chemicals are evil.
Chemicals are expensive and can cause environmental damage.
Chemicals are expensive and have associated environmental risks.
Chemicals are expensive.
Chemicals are extra.
Chemicals are generally ineffective in controlling the disease and are at best short-term solutions.
Chemicals are generally less satisfactory and are all toxic.
Chemicals are harmful.
Chemicals are hazardous to various aspects of the global environment.
Chemicals are important to our lifestyles and they are everywhere.
Chemicals are in a category of their own.
Chemicals are in our food, water and air.
Chemicals are in the environment.
Chemicals are just too simplistic to keep a pest at bay for long.
Chemicals are likely to pollute aquifers.
Chemicals are located in cabinets.
Chemicals are located in chemistry labs.
Chemicals are located in laboratories.
Chemicals are located in labs.
Chemicals are located in swimming pools.
Chemicals are materials.
Chemicals are medicine.
Chemicals are mixed and kept in tanks, ready for use.
Chemicals are most effective when combined with cultural controls.
Chemicals are mutagenic also cause cancer.
Chemicals are necessary when economic populations are present and it is too early to cut.
Chemicals are no longer feasible at today's prices, and gill netting has proven ineffective.
Chemicals are nonreturnable.
Chemicals are of the highest purity attainable.
Chemicals are part of our everyday lives.
Chemicals are part of our lives.
Chemicals are part of our world.
Chemicals are present in most of our lab-oratories.
Chemicals are present.
Chemicals are presents.
Chemicals are relatively easy to identify and quantify.
Chemicals are released which promote the inflammatory response.
Chemicals are selective and do no harm to lawn grasses at normal dilution rates.
Chemicals are so rampant in our society, it is a wonder anyone can think straight anymore.
Chemicals are such an amazing marker, everyone and everything has one.
Chemicals are the building blocks of life.
Chemicals are the building blocks of our world.
Chemicals are the main option to manage disease in many parts of the world.
Chemicals are the most expensive part of prepared core sand.
Chemicals are the silent helpers of radiation.
Chemicals are the usual cause of contact dermatitis.
Chemicals are to be evaluated prior to use and can be controlled based on risk.
Chemicals are to be inventoried annually.
Chemicals are to be stored away from sunlight, heat, or ignition sources.
Chemicals are to be stored in secondary containment basins whenever possible.
Chemicals are to be stored in the smallest containers possible.
Chemicals are to be sucked from the weapons, neutralised and mixed with asphalt for storage.
Chemicals are to be treated with care.
Chemicals are used to control corrosion by hydrochloric acid produced in distillation units.
Chemicals are used to make it white.
Chemicals are, of course, very easy to get.
Chemicals break down the blood clot.
Chemicals break up the oil into small droplets which enter the water column.
Chemicals Call or E-mail for details.
Chemicals can also act as allergens.
Chemicals can also cause chronic liver disease and cirrhosis.
Chemicals can also cause fires in garbage trucks.
Chemicals can also cause liver damage and subsequent photosensitization.
Chemicals can also enter the bloodstream through cuts or sores.
Chemicals can also interact with each other.
Chemicals can also leave the cell and function as the cell's output.
Chemicals can and are dangerous.
Chemicals can and do affect our health.
Chemicals can be effective in the early stages of the disease.
Chemicals can be in different forms.
Chemicals can be mixed and stored ahead of time.
Chemicals can be very toxic to permeable, amphibian skin.
Chemicals can bind more easily to water then.
Chemicals can burn or irritate the skin.
Chemicals can burn roots or stimulate growth faster than roots can supply water.
Chemicals can cause fires and explosions in private homes, in enterprises and under transportation.
Chemicals can cause leukemia by encouraging chromosomes to break.
Chemicals can cause non-communicable hazards.
Chemicals can change with time and become unsafe to use.
Chemicals can contaminate the water and kill desirable species.
Chemicals can damage the rooting system.
Chemicals can damage various parts of the hearing structures.
Chemicals can directly affect the testes, where sperm originates.
Chemicals can discourage growth of microorganisms in the sand bed.
Chemicals can enter and irritate the nose, air passages and lungs.
Chemicals can enter the body and gradually produce poisoning.
Chemicals can enter the body via the lungs through mists, fumes, vapors, and gases.
Chemicals can get in or on food, drink, utensils, cigarettes, or hands where they can be ingested.
Chemicals can get into or on food, drink, utensils, cigarettes, or hands where they can be ingested.
Chemicals can get into the environment many ways, both deliberately and accidentally.
Chemicals can get on airplanes through other means.
Chemicals can have a wide range of effects on our health.
Chemicals can have effects.
Chemicals can have harmful effects.
Chemicals can have health effects.
Chemicals can have obvious detrimental effects on the environment.
Chemicals can have serious effects.
Chemicals can have serious health effects.
Chemicals can hurt Vermont's trees.
Chemicals can increase soil fertility, reduce competition from weeds and insects and boost yields.
Chemicals can migrate from disposal sites and contaminate sources of drinking water.
Chemicals can move through air, water, and soil.
Chemicals can only work as long as there is surface contact with waste build-up.
Chemicals can permeate and penetrate glove material.
Chemicals can sometimes get in through the sides of the goggles in into the contact lenses.
Chemicals can splash or boil out of a heated test tube.
Chemicals can undergo changes that are both educational and entertaining.
Chemicals can vary enormously in the degree to which they penetrate the skin.
Chemicals can very quickly produce organics in the presence of light and water.
Chemicals carried by particulates can also be toxic.
Chemicals cause adverse reaction.
Chemicals cause allergic reaction.
Chemicals cause birth defects.
Chemicals cause cancer.
Chemicals cause chemical reaction.
Chemicals cause defects.
Chemicals cause different effects.
Chemicals cause effects.
Chemicals cause health effects.
Chemicals cause health problems.
Chemicals cause inflammatory reaction.
Chemicals cause irritation.
Chemicals cause pollution, and the weeds seem to grow faster after chemicals have been used.
Chemicals cause problems.
Chemicals cause psychological problems.
Chemicals cause reaction.
Chemicals cause reversible reaction.
Chemicals cause serious adverse reaction.
Chemicals cause serious reaction.
Chemicals cause skin irritation.
Chemicals cause skin reaction.
Chemicals cause stress.
Chemicals cause term health effects.
Chemicals change color.
Chemicals circulate through whole body.
Chemicals come from breakdowns.
Chemicals come from homes.
Chemicals come from surface of fish, shellfish and humans.
Chemicals comprise only one of many tools available for vegetative management and pest control.
Chemicals contaminate drink water.
Chemicals contaminate water.
Chemicals control using monocrotophos, or metamidophos or carbofuran can kill the beetle.
Chemicals cost money both to buy and to dispose of.
Chemicals create chemical reaction.
Chemicals create reaction.
Chemicals create relationship problems.
Chemicals diffuse into the blood and are transported to all parts of the body, including the brain.
Chemicals dissolve in water.
Chemicals do go a long way in a small body.
Chemicals do just the opposite.
Chemicals enter brains.
Chemicals enter environments.
Chemicals enter our bodies through the skin, the gastrointestinal tract, and the respiratory tract.
Chemicals Evaluate all chemicals and label all containers.
Chemicals even change inside our bodies.
Chemicals exist in almost every aspect of man s everyday life.
Chemicals exploding in glassware can send fragments of glass flying into the laboratory.
Chemicals explores safe handling and transport, minerals and agricultural chemicals and metals.
Chemicals find in plantains.
Chemicals form the basis of, or are added to, a huge variety of products in everyday use.
Chemicals formed during the cooking process are apparently strong risk factors.
Chemicals gather in their fat and bioaccumulate as the fish ages.
Chemicals generally absorb more light in the UV and IR than in the visible.
Chemicals generally form two kinds of hazards, physical and health.
Chemicals generally react faster in liquids than in solids.
Chemicals get into essential oils in several different ways.
Chemicals have a way to leach into the soil and thus into the plants.
Chemicals have beneficial properties.
Chemicals have carbon.
Chemicals have different breakthrough times.
Chemicals have drastic effects.
Chemicals have effects.
Chemicals have limited effects in aerosol form.
Chemicals have little effects.
Chemicals have myriad potential use.
Chemicals have narcotic effects.
Chemicals have negative effects.
Chemicals have neutralize effects.
Chemicals have no place in our products.
Chemicals have obvious effects.
Chemicals have obvious negative effects.
Chemicals have potential beneficial properties.
Chemicals have potential values.
Chemicals have properties.
Chemicals have responses.
Chemicals have taste.
Chemicals have the largest share in our exports to Latin America.
Chemicals have their place.
Chemicals have to be stored away after use.
Chemicals have toxic effects.
Chemicals have use.
Chemicals have values.
Chemicals help growth.
Chemicals help keep our food fresh and our bodies clean.
Chemicals increase excretion.
Chemicals indicate gasoline contamination.
Chemicals interfere with growth.
Chemicals interfere with insect growth.
Chemicals interfere with normal growth.
Chemicals interfere with plant cell growth.
Chemicals is the only industry indicating growth in employment during the month.
Chemicals is used as one of two examples.
Chemicals just kill everything.
Chemicals Keep all cleaning agents, bleach, ammonia, drain cleaners, paint, and gasoline locked up.
Chemicals Keep all harm ful chemicals out of reach of children and out of pets' nose range.
Chemicals kill bees.
Chemicals kill birds.
Chemicals kill certain pests.
Chemicals kill insects.
Chemicals kill lamprey larvae.
Chemicals kill larvae.
Chemicals kill microorganisms.
Chemicals kill or retard the growth of soil organisms.
Chemicals kill other insects.
Chemicals kill pests.
Chemicals kill songbirds.
Chemicals kill termites.
Chemicals kill the good as well as the bad plants and bugs.
Chemicals kill the weeds, while the corn gluten prevents establishment of a root system.
Chemicals leach into water Potential human health effects.
Chemicals make problems.
Chemicals make the world go 'round.
Chemicals migrate through soil as a result of both advection and diffusion.
Chemicals move into and out of living organisms and are used over and over again.
Chemicals move through the environment to reach people directly through water, the air, dust etc.
Chemicals need for oxidation.
Chemicals now contaminate even the remotest parts of the globe and the newly born.
Chemicals occur normally in nature.
Chemicals only mask odor temporarily.
Chemicals oxidize and air impacts their shelf life.
Chemicals perform different functions.
Chemicals perform functions.
Chemicals play a key role in today's high-tech world.
Chemicals play a vital role in the manufacture of narcotics.
Chemicals pollute air.
Chemicals pollute water.
Chemicals pose a variety of hazards, and the correct glove is critical.
Chemicals produce chemical reaction.
Chemicals produce reaction.
Chemicals produce violent chemical reaction.
Chemicals produce violent reaction.
Chemicals produced by sea slugs and sponges to repel fish are useful as insecticides.
Chemicals produced by the bacteria can cause inflammation in the the follicle and surrounding skin.
Chemicals protect our health and control pests.
Chemicals provide increased crop yields and preserve food.
Chemicals Provides brief profiles of industries.
Chemicals raise fear of salmon farming.
Chemicals range from harmless to hazardous and are to be handled accordingly.
Chemicals released by male and female beetles attract many beetles to tree.
Chemicals remain in the soil for many years, which depletes the soil.
Chemicals remains a central part of our corporate strategy.
Chemicals respond better because they are activated with hot water.
Chemicals result in effects.
Chemicals rise with the steam to contaminate distilled water while minerals are eliminated.
Chemicals Select a waterway facility name to view detailed information concerning each port.
Chemicals spills over large body areas Remove contaminated clothing while under shower.
Chemicals stain clothes.
Chemicals steal oxygen too.
Chemicals take over the role of determining positive and negative synapse reinforcement.
Chemicals take the precedence over anything else.
Chemicals taken from foxglove are used to make a prescription drug called digoxin .
Chemicals tend to be much higher in the guts and liver of fish.
Chemicals tested in the past have a hard time passing that test.
Chemicals then etch away all but the chips circuit line patterns.
Chemicals threaten arthropods.
Chemicals threaten bees.
Chemicals threaten insects.
Chemicals threaten songbirds.
Chemicals travel through the watershed and are eventually deposited in the Bay or rivers.
Chemicals turn blood red on contact.
Chemicals typically used have a residual activity of five to six months.
Chemicals used for disinfection can be chlorine, iodine, or alcohol.
Chemicals used in agriculture can also contaminate the waterwe drink.
Chemicals used in the cleaning process release organic gases.
Chemicals used in the process and on-site include acids, bases, and solvents.
Chemicals used in their manufacture also show up in the final product.
Chemicals used on lawns can poison and kill the grasses and small animals that live in the bay.
Chemicals wash off plants and into surface and ground water.
Chemicals weaken our society as a whole, weaken our biological systems.
Chemicals always exist in the carpet, no matter how long ago the problems began.
Chemicals frequently blamed include PCBs, DDT and dioxins.
Chemicals often are a lot more fun than people anyway.
All chemicals are analytical grade.
All chemicals are available free of charge to any department on campus.
All chemicals are factory sealed.
All chemicals are harmful in too large a quantity.
All chemicals are harmless or beneficial in small amounts.
All chemicals are potentially toxic, but some are deadly at much lower concentrations than others.
All chemicals are somewhat toxic .
All chemicals are to be clearly labeled.
All chemicals are to be considered hazardous waste when disposed.
All chemicals are toxic under some conditions of exposure.
All chemicals are toxic under some exposure conditions.
All chemicals are within expiration date.
All chemicals can be hazardous if misused.
All chemicals have restocking charges when returned.
All chemicals have the potential for corroding a seal component.
All chemicals move in and out of various bodily tissues at varying rates.
All chemicals pose some risk, but some require more caution in their use than others.
All chemicals used are as purchased without purification.
All chemicals used are environmentally friendly.
Any chemical can be toxic if the dose is high enough.
Any chemical can be toxic or harmful under certain conditions.
Every chemical can be hazardous in certain circumstances.
Every chemical is toxic at a high enough dose.
Many chemicals accumulate over time until they, too, do a great deal of damage.
Many chemicals affect the skin directly.
Many chemicals are available over the counter to help with contact poisoning.
Many chemicals are corrosive and potentially carcinogenic .
Many chemicals are extremely time sensitive.
Many chemicals are harmful as well as helpful.
Many chemicals are harmless, but there are some chemicals that are dangerous.
Many chemicals are hazardous.
Many chemicals are lower priced.
Many chemicals are on more than one of the three lists.
Many chemicals are only available to approved purchasers.
Many chemicals are poisonous.
Many chemicals are so strong that they can quickly burn the skin.
Many chemicals are toxic, flammable, explosive or corrosive.
Many chemicals are toxic.
Many chemicals are usable well beyond their expiration dates.
Many chemicals associated with the manufacture of paper are toxic or result in toxic waste.
Many chemicals break down into harmless metabolites after exposure to sunlight.
Many chemicals can absorb through the skin and directly enter the bloodstream.
Many chemicals can actually work their way through a glove by permeation.
Many chemicals can also cause asthma.
Many chemicals can be a hazard.
Many chemicals can cause adverse reactions forthose who are especially sensitive.
Many chemicals can permeate leather.
Many chemicals can produce some evidence of cancer in animals.
Many chemicals can react violently when exposed to other substances.
Many chemicals change over time, losing their effectiveness.
Many chemicals come in liquid form.
Many chemicals come with additional literature which describes proper handling in more detail.
Many chemicals commonly used in the laboratory are corrosive or irritating to body tissue.
Many chemicals concentrate in the fatty parts of the fish.
Many chemicals deteriorate with time.
Many chemicals found in edible plants are known to inhibit metastatic progression of cancer.
Many chemicals found in industrial settings can also irritate the bronchi and cause inflammation.
Many chemicals found in the home are potentially dangerous.
Many chemicals found in the laboratory are unstable and incompatible with water.
Many chemicals give off colored flames.
Many chemicals have a dose-response threshold below which no adverse health effects occur.
Many chemicals have a limited shelf-life.
Many chemicals have high concentrations at sampling sites near cities.
Many chemicals have restrictions on the use of water for a period of time after application.
Many chemicals have several names both in English and other languages.
Many chemicals have the potential to improve our health and enrich our lives.
Many chemicals have to be disposed of via a specialist disposal firm.
Many chemicals pose invisible hazards and offer no warning properties.
Many chemicals react with metal.
Many chemicals require refrigeration and are stored in units specially designed for that purpose.
Many chemicals require special handling, equipment, and procedures.
Many chemicals still have their factory seals.
Many chemicals used in household products are volatile.
Many chemicals used in industry also are carcinogens.
Many chemicals used in photographic processes give off hazardous vapours.
More chemical is required on flowering or mature plants and control is less effective.
More chemicals dissolve away the unaltered grains to fix the image.
More chemicals weaken the remaining cell membrane, allowing the two cells to fuse.
Most chemicals act as fuel.
Most chemicals affect growth.
Most chemicals affect health.
Most chemicals affect human health.
Most chemicals affect men.
Most chemicals affect muscle tension.
Most chemicals affect tension.
Most chemicals also come in returnable containers, often in bulk quantities.
Most chemicals are harmful to some degree.
Most chemicals are present for a reason.
Most chemicals are safe for the skin and body.
Most chemicals are toxic, and many are volatile.
Most chemicals can cause both acute and chronic toxicity depending on the conditions of exposure.
Most chemicals can have effects.
Most chemicals can have harmful effects.
Most chemicals can have health effects.
Most chemicals can have serious effects.
Most chemicals can have serious health effects.
Most chemicals cause adverse reaction.
Most chemicals cause allergic reaction.
Most chemicals cause birth defects.
Most chemicals cause chemical reaction.
Most chemicals cause defects.
Most chemicals cause different effects.
Most chemicals cause effects.
Most chemicals cause health effects.
Most chemicals cause health problems.
Most chemicals cause inflammatory reaction.
Most chemicals cause irritation.
Most chemicals cause problems.
Most chemicals cause reaction.
Most chemicals cause reversible reaction.
Most chemicals cause serious adverse reaction.
Most chemicals cause serious reaction.
Most chemicals cause skin irritation.
Most chemicals cause skin reaction.
Most chemicals cause term health effects.
Most chemicals change color.
Most chemicals come from breakdowns.
Most chemicals come from homes.
Most chemicals contaminate drink water.
Most chemicals create chemical reaction.
Most chemicals create reaction.
Most chemicals designed for moth control are unhealthy for humans to contact.
Most chemicals dissolve in water.
Most chemicals enter brains.
Most chemicals enter environments.
Most chemicals find in plantains.
Most chemicals have beneficial properties.
Most chemicals have carbon.
Most chemicals have drastic effects.
Most chemicals have effects.
Most chemicals have little effects.
Most chemicals have myriad potential use.
Most chemicals have narcotic effects.
Most chemicals have negative effects.
Most chemicals have obvious effects.
Most chemicals have obvious negative effects.
Most chemicals have potential beneficial properties.
Most chemicals have potential values.
Most chemicals have properties.
Most chemicals have responses.
Most chemicals have side effects.
Most chemicals have toxic effects.
Most chemicals have values.
Most chemicals help growth.
Most chemicals increase excretion.
Most chemicals interfere with growth.
Most chemicals interfere with insect growth.
Most chemicals interfere with normal growth.
Most chemicals interfere with plant cell growth.
Most chemicals kill bees.
Most chemicals kill birds.
Most chemicals kill certain pests.
Most chemicals kill insects.
Most chemicals kill lamprey larvae.
Most chemicals kill larvae.
Most chemicals kill microorganisms.
Most chemicals kill other insects.
Most chemicals kill pests.
Most chemicals kill songbirds.
Most chemicals kill termites.
Most chemicals make a different color or spectrum than other chemicals .
Most chemicals make a different color or spectrum than other chemicals.
Most chemicals make problems.
Most chemicals perform different functions.
Most chemicals perform functions.
Most chemicals produce chemical reaction.
Most chemicals produce reaction.
Most chemicals produce violent chemical reaction.
Most chemicals produce violent reaction.
Most chemicals require irrigation after treatment as well.
Most chemicals result in effects.
Most chemicals threaten arthropods.
Most chemicals threaten bees.
Most chemicals threaten insects.
Most chemicals threaten songbirds.
Most chemicals used for flea control can only control the larva and adult stages.
Some chemicals absorb energy.
Some chemicals absorb food.
Some chemicals accumulate in shellfish tissue.
Some chemicals accumulate in tissue.
Some chemicals act as antifreeze.
Some chemicals actually cause the glass and foam to melt away.
Some chemicals affect development.
Some chemicals affect embryo development.
Some chemicals affect humans.
Some chemicals affect integrity.
Some chemicals affect only certain target systems or target organs.
Some chemicals affect reproduction.
Some chemicals also leave no detectable trace elements in the human body.
Some chemicals apparently have no safe threshold levels, as in the case of carcinogens.
Some chemicals are acids.
Some chemicals are bases.
Some chemicals are beneficial and some are detrimental to humans.
Some chemicals are both irritants and allergens.
Some chemicals are by nature shock sensitive.
Some chemicals are easily made at home, others take a little more effort.
Some chemicals are effective against practically all types of substances.
Some chemicals are excreted by glands.
Some chemicals are extremely toxic while others are essentially nontoxic.
Some chemicals are far more dangerous than others.
Some chemicals are harder on some varieties than on others.
Some chemicals are hazardous because of the health hazard they pose.
Some chemicals are incompatible with the material used to produce the glove.
Some chemicals are located in oysters.
Some chemicals are more dangerous than others.
Some chemicals are more harmful than others to certain predatory insects.
Some chemicals are much easier to remove, such as ozone or chlorine.
Some chemicals are out of alignment.
Some chemicals are potent allergic sensitizers that cause dermal and respiratory problems.
Some chemicals are produced by animals.
Some chemicals are produced by black walnuts.
Some chemicals are produced by brains.
Some chemicals are produced by causal organisms.
Some chemicals are produced by development.
Some chemicals are produced by live organisms.
Some chemicals are produced by members.
Some chemicals are produced by organisms.
Some chemicals are produced by parasites.
Some chemicals are produced by partners.
Some chemicals are produced by plants.
Some chemicals are produced by trees.
Some chemicals are produced by walnuts.
Some chemicals are quite hazardous, while others are very safe.
Some chemicals are secreted by glands.
Some chemicals are secreted by livers.
Some chemicals are secreted by organs.
Some chemicals are secreted by pituitary glands.
Some chemicals are secreted by prostate glands.
Some chemicals are so flammable that they burn simply from contact with air.
Some chemicals are to be applied as dusts and others are to be applied as sprays.
Some chemicals are used by scientists.
Some chemicals are very caustic.
Some chemicals are very toxic, of course, while others are very beneficial.
Some chemicals are water soluable.
Some chemicals attract bees.
Some chemicals attract male wasps.
Some chemicals attract predators.
Some chemicals attract the insects too.
Some chemicals attract wasps.
Some chemicals become increasingly shock sensitive with age.
Some chemicals become increasingly shock-sensitive with age.
Some chemicals become more hazardous with age.
Some chemicals bind to the active sites of proteins and prevent their proper function.
Some chemicals break down large food particles into smaller ones.
Some chemicals build up in large predator fish to a much greater extent than in panfish.
Some chemicals burn the skin on contact.
Some chemicals can also damage the skin.
Some chemicals can be harmful to septic systems and sewers.
Some chemicals can be toxic in more ways than one.
Some chemicals can be unhealthy if inhaled.
Some chemicals can cause an acne-like skin problem or cancer.
Some chemicals can cause cancer.
Some chemicals can cause irritation when inhaled into the lungs or absorbed through the skin.
Some chemicals can cause other materials to burn by supplying oxygen.
Some chemicals can cause physical injury due to fire or explosions.
Some chemicals can cause the heart to race out of control until it fails.
Some chemicals can circulate in a mother s blood, pass through the placenta, and reach the fetus.
Some chemicals can corrode metal pipes.
Some chemicals can degrade clay.
Some chemicals can easily penetrate gloves that work very well for other chemicals.
Some chemicals can eat away at a stain and destroy the secondary backup on a carpet.
Some chemicals can explode or start fires.
Some chemicals can harm unborn babies.
Some chemicals can have a negative impact on the offspring a decade or more after parental exposure.
Some chemicals can interfere with the development of organs and tissues, causing birth defects.
Some chemicals can pass from mother to fetus in the womb.
Some chemicals can penetrate the skin's natural protective coatings and enter the bloodstream.
Some chemicals cause allergy symptoms.
Some chemicals cause brain damage.
Some chemicals cause cancer or reproductive problems years after the actual time of exposure.
Some chemicals cause cancer.
Some chemicals cause comas.
Some chemicals cause damage.
Some chemicals cause death.
Some chemicals cause dehydration.
Some chemicals cause diarrhea.
Some chemicals cause diseases.
Some chemicals cause harm many years after the exposure.
Some chemicals cause illnesses.
Some chemicals cause inflammation.
Some chemicals cause injuries.
Some chemicals cause liver damage.
Some chemicals cause mental illnesses.
Some chemicals cause permanent damage.
Some chemicals cause pollution.
Some chemicals cause sickness.
Some chemicals cause symptoms.
Some chemicals cause temporary comas.
Some chemicals change with age and can become more harmful.
Some chemicals come in contact.
Some chemicals come in direct contact.
Some chemicals concentrate in the fatty tissues and internal organs of fish.
Some chemicals concentrate in wax, especially the lipophilic ones.
Some chemicals contain a great deal of energy that can be released all at once.
Some chemicals contain carbon.
Some chemicals contain nutrients.
Some chemicals contain orange pigment.
Some chemicals contain pigment.
Some chemicals contain plant nutrients.
Some chemicals contain several compounds that are effective on all three fungi.
Some chemicals contribute to smogs.
Some chemicals create problems.
Some chemicals decompose when heated.
Some chemicals degrade in less time than it takes to put out a tank of spray.
Some chemicals deteriorate upon exposure to the atmosphere.
Some chemicals disrupt the body's ability to use oxygen.
Some chemicals enter bays.
Some chemicals enter bloodstreams.
Some chemicals enter eyes.
Some chemicals enter intestines.
Some chemicals enter lakes.
Some chemicals enter small intestines.
Some chemicals enter water.
Some chemicals facilitate growth.
Some chemicals find in aloes.
Some chemicals find in broccolis.
Some chemicals find in clean products.
Some chemicals find in foxglove plants.
Some chemicals find in fruit.
Some chemicals find in geranium plants.
Some chemicals find in jelly.
Some chemicals find in marijuana.
Some chemicals find in materials.
Some chemicals find in meat.
Some chemicals find in milk thistles.
Some chemicals find in natural materials.
Some chemicals find in oil.
Some chemicals find in parsleys.
Some chemicals find in plants.
Some chemicals find in products.
Some chemicals find in red meat.
Some chemicals find in sea sponges.
Some chemicals find in semen.
Some chemicals find in soy.
Some chemicals find in sponges.
Some chemicals find in such materials.
Some chemicals find in thistles.
Some chemicals find in tobacco.
Some chemicals find in water.
Some chemicals find in wild plants.
Some chemicals found in oil can cause cancer.
Some chemicals found in paints, dyes, cosmetics and detergents can also cause rashes and blisters.
Some chemicals found in the environment can produce kidney damage.
Some chemicals give off undesirable odors.
Some chemicals have a high acute toxicity but no chronic toxicity.
Some chemicals have a limited shelf-life and become unstable or decompose altogether over time.
Some chemicals have a limited shelf-life, so knowing how old they are is essential.
Some chemicals have an attractant effect that is only apparent in the presence of a second chemical.
Some chemicals have benefits.
Some chemicals have concentration.
Some chemicals have effects on the fertility or reproductive rates of animals.
Some chemicals have greater health consequences than others.
Some chemicals have higher loading capabilities than others do.
Some chemicals have higher loading capacities than others.
Some chemicals have injuries.
Some chemicals have many undesirable sides.
Some chemicals have offensive smell.
Some chemicals have sides.
Some chemicals have the ability of blocking both internal and external ethylene.
Some chemicals have the ability to get into cells and damage their DNA, leading to disease.
Some chemicals have the potential to seriously endanger life and pollute the environment.
Some chemicals have undesirable sides.
Some chemicals help degeneration.
Some chemicals help photosynthesis.
Some chemicals help stop mold growth.
Some chemicals increase metabolism.
Some chemicals inhibit germination.
Some chemicals intercalate between base pairs.
Some chemicals interfere with absorption.
Some chemicals interfere with digestion.
Some chemicals interfere with normal hormone function.
Some chemicals irritate eyes.
Some chemicals irritate skin.
Some chemicals kill animals.
Some chemicals kill bacteria.
Some chemicals kill caterpillars.
Some chemicals kill cockroaches.
Some chemicals kill crabs.
Some chemicals kill creatures.
Some chemicals kill fish.
Some chemicals kill hares.
Some chemicals kill herbivores.
Some chemicals kill lions.
Some chemicals kill mosquitoes.
Some chemicals kill other animals.
Some chemicals kill plants.
Some chemicals kill sea creatures.
Some chemicals left by previous larvae can slow growth down.
Some chemicals make up fossil fuel.
Some chemicals make up fuel.
Some chemicals make up plastic.
Some chemicals neutralize nitrate.
Some chemicals neutralize silver nitrate.
Some chemicals pass into brains.
Some chemicals pass through facilities.
Some chemicals pass through wastewater treatment facilities.
Some chemicals pose hazards by contributing to fires and explosions.
Some chemicals pose unique hazards.
Some chemicals prevent blood.
Some chemicals prevent growth.
Some chemicals produce light.
Some chemicals react on the skin surface, causing dermatitis.
Some chemicals react with air and ignite spontaneously.
Some chemicals react with each other and neutralize the medicines or cause harmful side.
Some chemicals react with oxygen to produce potentially unstable chemical.
Some chemicals react with water and produce excessive heat, and flammable or toxic gases.
Some chemicals recrystallize almost immediately, while some take hours, days, or even weeks.
Some chemicals reflect sunlight.
Some chemicals released by the mast cells attract other immune cells.
Some chemicals require an antidote, such as milk.
Some chemicals require establishments.
Some chemicals require for growth.
Some chemicals require for photosynthesis.
Some chemicals require movement.
Some chemicals stay active for a long time and build up in the environment.
Some chemicals support growth.
Some chemicals tend to separate when left standing for periods of time.
Some chemicals threaten cats.
Some chemicals threaten eagles.
Some chemicals threaten fish.
Some chemicals threaten mosquitoes.
Some chemicals threaten oysters.
Some chemicals threaten termites.
Some chemicals use in artificial flavor.
Some chemicals use in artificial grape flavor.
Some chemicals use in experiments.
Some chemicals use in flavor.
Some chemicals use in grape flavor.
Some chemicals use in plastic.
Some chemicals use in products.
Some chemicals use in tests.
Some chemicals use in treatments.
Some chemicals used are highly susceptible to corruption due to changes in environmental conditions.
Some chemicals used in the refinishing industry are very toxic and even carcinogenic.
Chemicals control is an issue that has raised more attention in recent years.
A chemiluminescence is light
Chemiluminescence can be substantially more sensitive than alk.
Chemiluminescence is initiated by adding ca .
Chemiluminescence is light given off because of a chemical reaction.
Chemiluminescence is linear over about a tenfold range.
Chemiluminescence is luminescence where the energy is supplied by chemical reactions.
Chemiluminescence is the emission of light as a result of a chemical reaction.
Chemiluminescence is the production of light, resulting from a chemical reaction.
Chemiluminescence lights up.
Chemiluminescence refers to the production of light through a chemical reaction.
Chemiluminescent reactions yield visible light, which erases latent images from the screens.
Chemise bindings are rare.
A chemise is a garment
Chemises are great womens lingerie for sleepwear or lounging.
A chemisorption is sorption
Chemisorption involves the actual formation of bonds between the adsorbate and the substrate.
Chemisorption is a chemical reaction that takes place with a gas and commodity.
Chemisorption is also an optional capability.
Chemisorptions are adsorption.
Chemist support is available.
A chemist is a scientist
Chemist analyzes blood for drugs and poisons.
Chemist is the long awaited solo album by the Bay Area s funkiest rapper.
Chemist isa scientist.
Chemists add chemicals.
Chemists also can precipitate substances out of the air.
Chemists also count atoms when naming a sigmatropic shift where a hydrogen atom moves .
Chemists also count atoms when naming a sigmatropic shift where a hydrogen atom moves.
Chemists also design and develop instruments to study matter.
Chemists also pursue academic careers at high schools, colleges and universities.
Chemists also record and report on test results, and improve existing or develop new test methods.
Chemists also record and report on test results.
Chemists also search for new chemicals in nature or they make up new ones.
Chemists also seek to understand chemical changes.
Chemists also sell cosmetics and insect and sun protections.
Chemists also sell cosmetics, insect and sun protections.
Chemists also use computers to form molecules.
Chemists also work for state and local governments, and for federal agencies.
Chemists also work in chemical manufacturing plants.
Chemists also work in factories.
Chemists also work in production and quality control in chemical manufacturing plants.
Chemists also work in state police laboratories and environmental monitoring agencies.
Chemists also work on environmental problems, collecting samples of plants and animals for analysis.
Chemists analyze and experimentally test chemical substances.
Chemists analyze reactions to determine the properties of matter.
Chemists analyze samples.
Chemists analyze the materials used, design new modifications, and develop new products.
Chemists analyze, synthesize, quantitate and design materials.
Chemists appear to be the exception.
Chemists apply their knowledge of chemistry in various ways.
Chemists apply their knowledge to problems of the environment, energy, medicine and agriculture.
Chemists are also at the forefront of developing fields such as nanotechnology.
Chemists are careful to design floor finishes with accurate amounts of plasticizer.
Chemists are concerned about the handedness of molecules.
Chemists are experts on the behavior of molecules.
Chemists are highly paid professionals.
Chemists are in demand, and salaries are good.
Chemists are in high demand in industrial, government and academic laboratories.
Chemists are in sales, marketing, information specialties, supervisory, and executive positions.
Chemists are interested in the composition, properties and transformations of matter.
Chemists are interested in the properties of substances.
Chemists are located in chemistry labs.
Chemists are more likely than are chemical engineers to be in temporary or part-time jobs.
Chemists are no more reflective than any other people.
Chemists are open on a rotation schedule to cover nights and weekends.
Chemists are people who like to solve problems.
Chemists are people who study compounds and find new ways to do chemical reactions.
Chemists are physical scientists that specialize in the study of matter.
Chemists are science career professional doing extraordinary work.
Chemists are scientists, technicians, managers, producers, teachers, and always, problem solvers.
Chemists are scientists.
Chemists are surer than ever that they are now 'seeing' atoms.
Chemists are to be found throughout the islands and are open during normal shopping hours.
Chemists are trained in analyses.
Chemists are workers.
Chemists attend about ten lectures a week.
Chemists begin with drawing observations.
Chemists call such bodyguards antioxidants.
Chemists call the calcium-fatty acid product a grease or metallic soap or salt.
Chemists call the first category ethers and the second category alcohols.
Chemists can also use several different chemical reactions to separate carbon dioxide .
Chemists can also use several different chemical reactions to separate carbon dioxide.
Chemists can apply their knowledge of chemistry to various purposes.
Chemists can assign qualities to such an event.
Chemists can classify matter as solid, liquid, or gas.
Chemists can count on exciting jobs after graduation.
Chemists can give advice on simple health problems and suggest appropriate treatment.
Chemists can have involvement.
Chemists can judge their performance against others in the same series.
Chemists can pursue their work on purely theoretical grounds, or on an experimental basis.
Chemists can use it to see how organic materials react with each other.
Chemists can use spectroscopy to identify chemical compounds as well as elements.
Chemists carefully measure substance proportions, reaction rates, and other chemical properties .
Chemists carefully measure substance proportions, reaction rates, and other chemical properties.
Chemists change the molecules in the petroleum and create many new products.
Chemists characterize fluoride as a poison.
Chemists claim there is no difference, that it is the fluorine ion that is important.
Chemists classify matter in order to better understand and describe it.
Chemists come in all shapes and sizes and all socio-economic backgrounds.
Chemists commonly abbreviate acetic acid using the symbolic formula, HOAc .
Chemists confirm ring shapes in macro properties, and here they are engaging a ribbon structure.
Chemists consider hard ionization to be shooting electrons into the sample molecules .
Chemists consider hard ionization to be shooting electrons into the sample molecules.
Chemists construct knowledge by systematically examining quantitative data for patterns.
Chemists contribute to such diverse fields as medicine, agriculture, oceanography, and archaeology.
Chemists create new compounds.
Chemists design commercial polymers to combine the best properties of their various components .
Chemists design commercial polymers to combine the best properties of their various components.
Chemists desire to know nature and work within natural laws.
Chemists detect certain air and water pollutants by using fluorescence.
Chemists determine the most effective type of processing treatment for each food product.
Chemists develop coloring agents, preservatives and flavours, which are safe for food use.
Chemists develop colourants, preservatives and flavours, which are safe for food use.
Chemists develop environmentally friendly catalysis technique.
Chemists develop products, test quality control, monitor the environment, and control pollution.
Chemists develop theories.
Chemists disagree whether some reactions are pericyclic reactions .
Chemists disagree whether some reactions are pericyclic reactions.
Chemists discover concepts.
Chemists discover ways.
Chemists dissolve celluloid in ether or acetone to make collodion .
Chemists dissolve celluloid in ether or acetone to make collodion.
Chemists divide energy into two classes.
Chemists do experiments to learn how matter is composed.
Chemists do fundamental research on the properties and reactions of substances.
Chemists do it in equilibrium.
Chemists do it in test tubes.
Chemists do it in the fume hood.
Chemists do it organically and inorganically.
Chemists do it periodically on table Chemists like to experiment.
Chemists do it periodically on table.
Chemists do it reactively.
Chemists don t argue about where to put newly discovered elements in it.
Chemists employed by the police can do remarkable things with blood.
Chemists enjoy a very low unemployment rate.
Chemists enjoy unraveling mysteries and answering many questions about nature.
Chemists evaluate properties.
Chemists exploit other differences in property beside boiling point.
Chemists explore potential of dendritic macromolecules as functional materials.
Chemists face a challenge in making their science attractive.
Chemists find jobs in every sector of manufacturing, from home products to pharmaceuticals.
Chemists Find online pharmacies, some online shopping for health items, and pharmaceutical products.
Chemists generally combine the complex wave functions to create new wave functions that are real.
Chemists get carbon dioxide from cooling air .
Chemists get carbon dioxide from cooling air.
Chemists have (part) arms.
Chemists have (part) body substances.
Chemists have (part) cell membranes.
Chemists have (part) cells.
Chemists have (part) corpi.
Chemists have (part) cytoplasm.
Chemists have (part) heads.
Chemists have (part) human bodies.
Chemists have (part) legs.
Chemists have (part) material bodies.
Chemists have (part) necks.
Chemists have (part) nuclei.
Chemists have (part) personality.
Chemists have (part) plasma membranes.
Chemists have (part) sections.
Chemists have (part) vacuoles.
Chemists have a whole different way of learning then do chemistry students.
Chemists have a whole shorthand notation for representing the structure of chemical compounds.
Chemists have active collaborations with biologists, physicists, geologists, and engineers.
Chemists have an IUPC to clarify terms and concepts.
Chemists have many different ways of putting together an understanding of something.
Chemists have many strategies to find the best sequence of reactions to make the desired product .
Chemists have many strategies to find the best sequence of reactions to make the desired product.
Chemists have nice reactions.
Chemists have professional obligations to the public, to colleagues, and to science.
Chemists have responsibility to avoid pollution and to protect the environment.
Chemists have responsiblity to avoid pollution and to pretect the environment.
Chemists have similar problems observing individual molecules in reactions.
Chemists have solutions and just like coming to the heart of the matter.
Chemists have solutions.
Chemists have tailored microscopic beads to sop up and permanently bind toxic waterborne pesticides.
Chemists have what they call chemical abstracts.
Chemists identify materials.
Chemists identify the molecules, both natural and man-made, that exist in the environment.
Chemists invent new substances and develop theories to explain chemical reactions or processes.
Chemists investigate new products.
Chemists investigate products.
Chemists investigate properties of matter and the laws that come into play when elements combine.
Chemists isolate the active chemicals and determine their structures.
Chemists keep records and prepare reports showing results of tests.
Chemists learn to knot their molecules.
Chemists like to experiment.
Chemists like to work with pure substances.
Chemists look at the world in three distinct ways.
Chemists look forward and get depressed, biologists look back and are excited.
Chemists make contributions.
Chemists make statements.
Chemists measure acidity using pH. An acid has a low value of pH and a base has a higher value.
Chemists need computer skills.
Chemists need skills.
Chemists perform experiments to measure the equilibrium constant of various reactions .
Chemists perform experiments to measure the equilibrium constant of various reactions.
Chemists pour chemicals and stuff.
Chemists prefer to think in terms of moles of material, however.
Chemists prepare new compounds and study their composition and structure.
Chemists recognise that hydrogen is an unusual element.
Chemists report differently about their findings in comparison with, say, a philosopher.
Chemists say the materials damaged by ozone include rubber, nylon, plastics, dyes and paints.
Chemists say the materials damaged by ozone include rubber, nylon, plastics, dyes, and paints.
Chemists say the tests to identify ricin are extremely difficult and sophisticated.
Chemists say there is no evidence of body decomposition.
Chemists search for and put to practical use new knowledge about chemicals.
Chemists search for and put to practical use new knowledge about substances.
Chemists search for and put to use new knowledge about chemicals.
Chemists search for and use new knowledge about chemicals.
Chemists see importance.
Chemists seem to form a significant group of winemakers.
Chemists seem to require a rather large skill set.
Chemists serve society in a variety of ways to improve the quality of life.
Chemists sort the MOs by energy levels .
Chemists sort the MOs by energy levels.
Chemists specialize in methods.
Chemists spend many years in colleges and universities preparing for their life's work.
Chemists spin materials to improve magnetic resonance data .
Chemists start to design a chemical synthesis by selecting compounds to combine .
Chemists start to design a chemical synthesis by selecting compounds to combine.
Chemists study all things that have mass and occupy space, making chemistry the central science.
Chemists study and work with chemicals.
Chemists study atmospheric components.
Chemists study atomic orbital interactions .
Chemists study atomic orbital interactions.
Chemists study atoms as well as the structures and reactions of molecules.
Chemists study characteristics.
Chemists study components.
Chemists study many different fields.
Chemists study molecules to see how they change, how they form, and how they move.
Chemists study reaction.
Chemists study symmetry to explain how crystals are made up and how chemicals react.
Chemists study the atomic structure of physical matter and analyze how it changes.
Chemists study the composition and properties of matter and energy.
Chemists study the composition of substances, how the substances act, and how they change.
Chemists study the makeup of substances and the ways they combine and react with each other.
Chemists study the structure and behavior of chemicals.
Chemists study the structures, physical properties, and chemical properties of material substances.
Chemists suspend the giant floor finish polymer in water, and they become polymer emulsions.
Chemists talk about entropy and activation energy when they talk about chemical reactions.
Chemists tend to become deeply involved in their work.
Chemists tend to enjoy an unemployment rate that is significantly less than the national average.
Chemists tend to mold a nanostructure.
Chemists tend to organize atoms together to grow a nanostructure.
Chemists tend to synthesize esters in a two-step process.
Chemists test liquid mixture.
Chemists test mixture.
Chemists test products.
Chemists then find ways of making the pheromone in a laboratory.
Chemists therefore distinguish hydrogen chloride from hydrochloric acid.
Chemists therefore specialise in one of the following areas.
Chemists think the're physical chemists.
Chemists think they are physical chemists.
Chemists try to choose names that provide information about the chemical.
Chemists typically work regular hours.
Chemists understand air.
Chemists understand structures.
Chemists undertake responsibility.
Chemists use a formal language to represent the chemical structure of molecules.
Chemists use a process called reverse osmosis to purify water and perform other functions.
Chemists use a solvent such as ether or alcohol in the extractor .
Chemists use a solvent such as ether or alcohol in the extractor.
Chemists use a technique called chromatography to accomplish much of the needed separation.
Chemists use alcohol.
Chemists use atoms and molecules to explain properties and behaviors of matter.
Chemists use blends.
Chemists use catalysts to speed up slow reactions.
Chemists use chemical equations to express what occurs in chemical reactions.
Chemists use clay and sticks to form models of molecules.
Chemists use elements.
Chemists use entropy as a tool for understanding spontaneous change.
Chemists use equations to describe the changes substances undergo.
Chemists use hybridization theory mainly in organic chemistry .
Chemists use hybridization theory mainly in organic chemistry.
Chemists use hydriodic acid in experiments as a powerful reducing agent.
Chemists use it as a solvent for chemical reactions and in cromatography .
Chemists use it as a solvent for chemical reactions and in cromatography.
Chemists use it to remove a material from a solid .
Chemists use it to remove a material from a solid.
Chemists use knowledge.
Chemists use methyl orange as an indicator in the titration of weak bases with strong acids.
Chemists use microscopes.
Chemists use molarity to express quantitatively the concentration of a solution.
Chemists use molecular models for a variety of reasons.
Chemists use one or two lettters to represent elements.
Chemists use pH as a measure of how acidic or basic a compound is.
Chemists use reaction diagrams to predict reactions in a test tube.
Chemists use sensitive magnetic equipment to measure simple and complex molecules.
Chemists use several definitions to describe the behavior of acids.
Chemists use special kinds of graphs to represent chemicals.
Chemists use specific knowledge.
Chemists use spectroscopy, the utilization of electromagnetic radiation, to study matter.
Chemists use strong acids to break down other molecules .
Chemists use strong acids to break down other molecules.
Chemists use such data to work out the molecular structure of substances they wish to analyze.
Chemists use such functions to predict or explain chemical and physical properties .
Chemists use such functions to predict or explain chemical and physical properties.
Chemists use superacids to make plastics and high-octane gasoline .
Chemists use symbols to represent elements.
Chemists use symbols to stand for the elements.
Chemists use the graph to calculate fundamental quantities .
Chemists use the graph to calculate fundamental quantities.
Chemists use the irreps to sort the symmetry groups and to talk about their properties .
Chemists use the irreps to sort the symmetry groups and to talk about their properties.
Chemists use the scientific method when they investigate matter.
Chemists ususally pick areas of specialization.
Chemists work as professionals in virtually every industry, business and research organization.
Chemists work as teams.
Chemists work classrooms.
Chemists work for companies.
Chemists work for industries.
Chemists work for private industries.
Chemists work for toy companies.
Chemists work in all fields of modern civilization, academe, government, and industry.
Chemists work in every sector - including academia, the private sector, and the government.
Chemists work in facilities.
Chemists work in labs.
Chemists work in sales for chemistry related companies.
Chemists work in the pharmaceutical, paper, oil, biotechnology and consumer product industries.
Chemists work on computers.
Chemists work on important problems and tackle the challenges posed by our ever-changing world.
Chemists work on procedures.
Chemists work regular hours in research, developmental and quality control laboratories or offices.
Chemists work with departments.
Chemists work with engineers, who in turn work with modern-life scientists.
Chemists working in applied research use their knowledge to improve and create new products.
Chemists always prefer to write a balanced chemical reaction whenever it is possible to do so.
Chemists always use the molecular formula, if there is one, in preference to an empirical formula.
Chemists often consider the first sub-shell of a given angular momentum to be anomalous.
Chemists often identify elements from their physical properties.
Chemists often label orbital energies with the lower case Greek letter epsilon, .
Chemists often melt the reactants together and then later anneal the solidified melt .
Chemists often melt the reactants together and then later anneal the solidified melt.
Chemists often mix compounds together creating new substances with different physical properties.
Chemists often specialize in a particular branch of the field.
Chemists often specialize in a subfield.
Chemists often specialize in one of the subfields of chemistry.
Chemists often study problems by constructing models.
Chemists often use hydrogen peroxide in chemical reactions.
Chemists sometimes find it necessary to specify the atomic mass of an isotope.
Chemists usually build mathematical models of molecular orbitals by combining atomic orbitals .
Chemists usually build mathematical models of molecular orbitals by combining atomic orbitals.
Chemists usually refer to proteins as polypeptides.
Chemists usually refer to the wave function of the H atom as the atomic orbital of the atom.
Chemists usually use the position representation.
Chemists usually work as part of a team.
Chemists usually work in offices and laboratories.
All chemist seem to have knocked off for the weekend.
All chemists agree on fundamental chemical concepts.
All chemists give alternative addresses of services available outside the normal opening hours.
All chemists have their favourite elements, often for some personal reasons.
All chemists use reaction rate information and apply it to the specific problems they have.
Every chemist is a man.
Every chemist knows that it has two parts, a cation and an anion.
Every chemist recognizes the two parts.
Many chemists are interested in molecules and compounds.
Many chemists are uncomfortable with the idea of marketing themselves.
Many chemists do research and create new things.
Many chemists enter management after beginning their careers in a technical position.
Many chemists favour supramolecular chemistry.
Many chemists prefer to use the term molar mass for the mass of a mole of substance.
Many chemists seek employment in the health-care professions after graduate work.
Many chemists use Argon as a carrier gas to make the plasma .
Many chemists use Argon as a carrier gas to make the plasma.
Many chemists work in research and development laboratories in industry.
Many chemists work in research and development.
Most chemists add chemicals.
Most chemists agree that practical work is vital for motivation and interest.
Most chemists analyze samples.
Most chemists are trained in analyses.
Most chemists believe that the electronic structure of benzene is delocalized.
Most chemists can have involvement.
Most chemists determine equilibrium constants in a solution with a high ionic strength .
Most chemists determine equilibrium constants in a solution with a high ionic strength.
Most chemists develop theories.
Most chemists discover concepts.
Most chemists discover ways.
Most chemists evaluate properties.
Most chemists identify materials.
Most chemists investigate new products.
Most chemists investigate products.
Most chemists make contributions.
Most chemists make statements.
Most chemists see importance.
Most chemists specialize in methods.
Most chemists study atmospheric components.
Most chemists study components.
Most chemists test liquid mixture.
Most chemists understand air.
Most chemists understand structures.
Most chemists undertake responsibility.
Most chemists use alcohol.
Most chemists use blends.
Most chemists use elements.
Most chemists use knowledge.
Most chemists use microscopes.
Most chemists use specific knowledge.
Most chemists use their research skills to formulate, produce, and analyze new compounds.
Most chemists work as teams.
Most chemists work classrooms.
Most chemists work for companies.
Most chemists work for industries.
Most chemists work for private industries.
Most chemists work for toy companies.
Most chemists work in facilities.
Most chemists work in laboratories.
Most chemists work in labs.
Most chemists work in research and development.
Most chemists work on computers.
Most chemists work on procedures.
Most chemists work regular hours in well-equipped labs, offices, or classrooms.
Most chemists work with departments.
Some chemists adopt theories.
Some chemists are skeptical of claims that balanced-pH soaps are somehow better.
Some chemists collect samples.
Some chemists conduct basic research to expand knowledge of the field.
Some chemists create color.
Some chemists create life.
Some chemists discover oxygen.
Some chemists do field work.
Some chemists find helium.
Some chemists have a knack for using annelations to alter the nature of molecules.
Some chemists improve taste.
Some chemists investigate methods.
Some chemists lead research teams.
Some chemists lead teams.
Some chemists look at metabolism.
Some chemists make breakthroughs.
Some chemists make their own.
Some chemists move into managerial positions, and some are teachers.
Some chemists oppose posting research online.
Some chemists prefer self-employment through small business or consulting firms.
Some chemists realize products.
Some chemists restrict the term to compounds with the charges on non-adjacent atoms.
Some chemists seek types.
Some chemists sell fits.
Some chemists start their own businesses or work as consultants.
Some chemists study air pollution and reactions in the upper atmosphere.
Some chemists talk above the head of their students.
Some chemists teach.
Some chemists use acid.
Some chemists use computer model software.
Some chemists use graphite.
Some chemists use screens.
Some chemists use software.
Some chemists watch what happens when they mix two or more chemicals together.
Some chemists work around dangerous chemicals.
Some chemists work for research organizations and educational institutions.
Some chemists work in marketing, sales, or computer programming.
Some chemists work in production and inspection.
Some chemists work on proprietary projects, others work on classified projects.
Some chemists work with biologists.
Some chemists work with material scientists.
Some chemists work with scientists.
Some chemists write.
Chemistry class describes solution concentration using a term called moles .
Chemistry classes are generally small in size.
Chemistry experiments use household products.
Chemistry experiments use products.
A chemistry lab is a laboratory
Chemistry labs are labs.
Chemistry labs are often dull and boring, dreaded practical training sessions that students despise.
Chemistry labs are on the third and fourth floors.
Chemistry labs have to be treated with caution and respect.
Any chemistry lab can be potentially dangerous.
Chemistry teachers have the solutions.
Chemistry teachers take themselves to be experts in sound chemical thinking.
Chemistry adds to the capability women have to overlook the first subtle signs of abuse.
Chemistry affects everyone.
Chemistry also deals with the transformations that they undergo.
Chemistry also focuses on transformations of matter from one form to another.
Chemistry also is pivotal in drug discovery.
Chemistry applies chemistry.
Chemistry applies to all processes occurring in the world.
Chemistry applies to most processes occurring in the world.
Chemistry associated with environmental and human health effects is discussed.
Chemistry associates with nuclear reaction.
Chemistry associates with reaction.
Chemistry becomes something of a malodorous joke.
Chemistry begins to build.
Chemistry begins with a study of atomic structure and how chemical activity is determined.
Chemistry can also be a factor.
Chemistry can be a very rewarding class to take, there are many job openings involving chemistry.
Chemistry can be an exciting and satisfying profession in which job opportunities are plentiful.
Chemistry can be dull if only taught in the lecture format.
Chemistry can be easy to understand and fun.
Chemistry can be fun.
Chemistry can do anything.
Chemistry can enhance any career.
Chemistry can improve nutrition or make nerve gas.
Chemistry can use the organic and non-organic detection probes.
Chemistry can wait.
Chemistry ceases to concern itself with the primary elementary forms.
Chemistry Comes Alive.
Chemistry comes to our aid.
Chemistry concerns what stuff is, how it behaves, and how it is made.
Chemistry consists of objective type questions.
Chemistry constitutes the basis for life.
Chemistry contributes to the basics of science and technology.
Chemistry controls the environment.
Chemistry covers many subjects, many methods, and many objectives which are difficult to categorize.
Chemistry deals with the composition, properties and behavior of matter.
Chemistry develops, but the two intelligent loners have trouble trusting each other.
Chemistry diagnoses a paintings' ills.
Chemistry does the same thing.
Chemistry emerges from physics, biology from chemistry, and intelligence from biology.
Chemistry emphasises laboratory skills and is a challenging subject to teach.
Chemistry encompasses a wide field of sciences.
Chemistry explains life itself.
Chemistry first explores the language and numerical problems involved in the study.
Chemistry focuses on chemistry.
Chemistry focuses on the atomic and molecular systems.
Chemistry fulfills one lab science credit for graduation.
Chemistry gives unparalleled reasoning to one's mind and a working model of the world.
Chemistry happens on all levels.
Chemistry has a bad reputation, in large part because, like New Jersey, it smells bad.
Chemistry has a direct bearing on every aspect of our modern society.
Chemistry has a great deal to do with what nutrients are available.
Chemistry has a great impact on our lives.
Chemistry has a high proportion of international postgraduate students.
Chemistry has a history.
Chemistry has a strong tradition of rigorous, formal peer review.
Chemistry has a stucture that is produced by ordered relationships among concepts.
Chemistry has a totally different philosophy and has a strongly creative potential.
Chemistry has many divisions, which often overlap each other as well as with other sciences.
Chemistry has many facets.
Chemistry has no less important names.
Chemistry has only small storage areas next to prep rooms upstairs.
Chemistry has power.
Chemistry help Help with chemistry problems and questions from retired chemistry professor.
Chemistry impacts on all aspects of our lives.
Chemistry includes atoms, molecules and ions, periodic table, and chemical bonding.
Chemistry includes calculations with chemical formulas, chemical reactions, and solutions.
Chemistry includes the study of atoms, molecules, states of matter, and chemical reactions.
Chemistry includes three basic divisions.
Chemistry indeed mediates a variety of essential biological interactions.
Chemistry Investigate the formation and destruction of ozone.
Chemistry involves a lot of converting between different units.
Chemistry involves a lot of math as well a physical science and physics.
Chemistry involves investigations.
Chemistry involves more than test tubes and beakers.
Chemistry involves the study of substances and energy.
Chemistry is . . .
Chemistry is a branch of science that has enhanced every aspect of our lives.
Chemistry is a broad science.
Chemistry is a central science of great importance to society.
Chemistry is a challenging discipline which requires hard work.
Chemistry is a challenging science, demanding a wide range of skills and flexibility of approach.
Chemistry is a component of nearly every aspect of our daily lives.
Chemistry is a creature of the wonderful differences between atoms.
Chemistry is a cumulative subject where one principle builds upon another.
Chemistry is a cumulative subject.
Chemistry is a demanding profession.
Chemistry is a dynamic science because new discoveries are being made in chemistry every day.
Chemistry is a fascinating subject, but it can be confusing and difficult to master.
Chemistry is a field that is challenging and interesting for study.
Chemistry is a foundation science and as such is related to both biology and physics.
Chemistry is a foundation science.
Chemistry is a foundation subject, meaning that what is learned in one lesson is needed in the next.
Chemistry is a French science.
Chemistry is a fun subject that people as young as ten want to get involved in.
Chemistry is a fundamental driver in the business and commerce sector of our society.
Chemistry is a fundamental science concerned with the behaviour of molecules.
Chemistry is a fundamental topic for many disciplines.
Chemistry is a funny thing.
Chemistry is a gradual process that is built over time.
Chemistry is a hands-on science.
Chemistry is a huge factor.
Chemistry is a huge operation with a huge commitment to teaching.
Chemistry is a laboratory science that requires active learning.
Chemistry is a laboratory science.
Chemistry is a linear subject, meaning new material is usually built on older material.
Chemistry is a lost cause.
Chemistry is a main concern as the season starts.
Chemistry is a major that combines well with other fields such as biology, business, and law.
Chemistry is a microcosm of the real world.
Chemistry is a natural science
Chemistry is a new science.
Chemistry is a participatory discipline.
Chemistry is a physical science.
Chemistry is a powerful thing.
Chemistry is a practical discipline that progresses largely through research in the laboratory.
Chemistry is a practical science and has influenced many aspects of our daily lives.
Chemistry is a pre-requisite for most university science courses.
Chemistry is a prerequisite.
Chemistry is a quantitative science and as such requires significant mathematical manipulations.
Chemistry is a quantitative science.
Chemistry is a rapidly evolving discipline with new advances being made weekly.
Chemistry is a science of discovery.
Chemistry is a science strongly dependent on modern instrumentation andcomputers.
Chemistry is a science that in most ways disregards national boundaries.
Chemistry is a science.
Chemistry is a sequential content course which builds on each day s and each chapter s material.
Chemistry is a sequential course investigating matter.
Chemistry is a service department.
Chemistry is a study of the material things of the universe and their interactions.
Chemistry is a study of the substances that make up our environment.
Chemistry is a systematic study .
Chemistry is a technically driven discipline.
Chemistry is a tough course and it is tough to do well.
Chemistry is a truely exciting career that involves both practical and theoretical work.
Chemistry is a truly incredible subject.
Chemistry is a very important topic in environmental studies.
Chemistry is a very visual subject.
Chemistry is a vital science for a much wider range of degrees.
Chemistry is a wide field.
Chemistry is about the elements, their combinations, and their reactions.
Chemistry is absolutely essential for a doubles team in tennis.
Chemistry is actually physics.
Chemistry is advised for tenth graders.
Chemistry is aliphatic and alicyclic compounds is covered emphasizing a mechanistic approach.
Chemistry is all about communication.
Chemistry is all about problem solving.
Chemistry is all about studying matter and how it changes.
Chemistry is all about studying matter.
Chemistry is almost a luck issue, y'know.
Chemistry is also a good preparation for many other careers.
Chemistry is also an acceptable major.
Chemistry is also central to the development of new technologies and advances in other sciences.
Chemistry is also foundational for many other vocations.
Chemistry is also the enabling science for a huge range of technologies.
Chemistry is always something to deal with.
Chemistry is always the case when teams are playing well.
Chemistry is an active science that is vital to human existence.
Chemistry is an activity of creative individualists.
Chemistry is an emergent phenomenon of physics.
Chemistry is an essential component of environmental science.
Chemistry is an essential part of our lives.
Chemistry is an exact science.
Chemistry is an exciting and rapidly changing experimental science.
Chemistry is an exciting field of study that touches every area of our lives.
Chemistry is an experimental science with a solid foundation in theory.
Chemistry is an experimental science, involving both quantitative and qualitative observations.
Chemistry is an experimental science.
Chemistry is an explosive opportunity.
Chemistry is an important college preparatory course.
Chemistry is an important course for all college bound students.
Chemistry is an important factor along with work philosophy.
Chemistry is an important part of a child's growing into an educated citizen.
Chemistry is an often-used phrase.
Chemistry is an old and well established science.
Chemistry is an old science.
Chemistry is an unrestricted major.
Chemistry is another classes which all engineers have to take, in varying quantities.
Chemistry is another globally recognised field of specialisation.
Chemistry is another key to their ingredient in their easy flow of music.
Chemistry is another.
Chemistry is applied theology.
Chemistry is as important to winning as mental toughness.
Chemistry is at least as important as credentials.
Chemistry is at the heart of drug discovery research.
Chemistry is at the heart of scientific progress.
Chemistry is available for undergraduate credit from other participating institutions.
Chemistry is beautiful.
Chemistry is both an art and a science.
Chemistry is both an experimental and theoretical science.
Chemistry is both qualitative and quantitative, but they only taught the quantitative half.
Chemistry is by far the most popular, followed by mathematics, pranks and physics.
Chemistry is central to many other disciplines.
Chemistry is chemistry, in the test tube, or the kidney, or the brain.
Chemistry is chemistry.
Chemistry is concerned with the synthesis, analysis and reactivity of molecules.
Chemistry is concerned with the synthesis, analysis, and reactivity of molecules.
Chemistry is created when players accept their roles.
Chemistry is critical to our team.
Chemistry is cumulative.
Chemistry is definitely a creative art.
Chemistry is desirable.
Chemistry is destiny.
Chemistry is discussed at both the conceptual and mathematical levels.
Chemistry is divided into two components - organic and analytical.
Chemistry is enjoyable.
Chemistry is essential for students who plan to enter the nursing program.
Chemistry is essential to our development and wise use of materials, both synthetic and natural.
Chemistry is essential to the success of any team.
Chemistry is everything.
Chemistry is everywhere and everything.
Chemistry is everywhere.
Chemistry is excellent.
Chemistry is extremely difficult and many times it scares students.
Chemistry is extremely difficult, and many times it scares students.
Chemistry is finished with the molar mass problems and encountering labs twice a week.
Chemistry is from a creationist viewpoint with lab materials available for order.
Chemistry is fun ,- but only for the one who works hard.
Chemistry is fun to watch chemicals react with each other.
Chemistry is fundamental to environmental science and biotechnology.
Chemistry is fundamental to the understanding of the phenomena of the world.
Chemistry is helpful.
Chemistry is hierarchical in nature, which is good for the student.
Chemistry is highly unreliable and very transient.
Chemistry is however by nature an experimental science.
Chemistry is important because a team has to develop a winning attitude.
Chemistry is important both on the court and off.
Chemistry is important, but can be deceiving.
Chemistry is important.
Chemistry is IQ-based and mental.
Chemistry is just right in The Cure.
Chemistry is king.
Chemistry is manageable and even fun.
Chemistry is more important than contracts.
Chemistry is much more than equations.
Chemistry is natural science.
Chemistry is needed for students without high school chemistry and is recommended for others.
Chemistry is neither sexist, racist, nor frightening.
Chemistry is no different.
Chemistry is non-existent.
Chemistry is on the right, just beyond the next intersection.
Chemistry is one of the best developed, all encompassing and well defined fields of science today.
Chemistry is one of the essential technologies to our economic future.
Chemistry is one of the most important sciences.
Chemistry is one of three Ph.
Chemistry is one subject that is very difficult to deal with in a museum environment.
Chemistry is one such promotional piece.
Chemistry is only a part of the equation.
Chemistry is only half the story.
Chemistry is part of science.
Chemistry is perhaps the most disappointing summary of the available information.
Chemistry is presented via lecture and demonstration.
Chemistry is pretty cool too.
Chemistry is primarily concerned with matter, energy, and their interactions.
Chemistry is recommended.
Chemistry is relevant.
Chemistry is required for all college students in every discipline.
Chemistry is required to understand ozone, acid rain, air pollution, etc.
Chemistry is required to understand the acid rain problem.
Chemistry is required to understand the air pollution problem.
Chemistry is required to understand the ozone problem.
Chemistry is required.
Chemistry is science.
Chemistry is social relations.
Chemistry is something a coach worries about each and every season.
Chemistry is substances.
Chemistry is sufficiently complex that it is very difficult to decide where to begin teaching it.
Chemistry is taught and practical training is provided for three years.
Chemistry is taught as a simplified version of the real world.
Chemistry is taught in class IX and X .
Chemistry is taught through mixing different substances together and watching the results.
Chemistry is temperature controlled to assure high repeatability.
Chemistry is the basic science involved in every walk of our life.
Chemistry is the basis for life.
Chemistry is the basis for many fields of engineering, biology, and other sciences.
Chemistry is the branch of the physical sciences that deals with material substances.
Chemistry is the central science because it deals with the molecularity of the world.
Chemistry is the central science, so many career directions are available to chemistry majors.
Chemistry is the central science.
Chemistry is the discipline of the study of substances.
Chemistry is the field of science which consists of learning about chemicals.
Chemistry is the first exposure to the factor label method for most students.
Chemistry is the foundation of all the molecular sciences and it provides great training in logic.
Chemistry is the glue of the universe.
Chemistry is the human science.
Chemistry is the interaction between molecules.
Chemistry is the main source of materials in crystallography and spectroscopy.
Chemistry is the most wonderful, but also the most difficult, science to learn.
Chemistry is the only science class regularly using individual student textbooks.
Chemistry is the science and study of the behavior of matter and how it interacts with other matter.
Chemistry is the science choice most important for college bound students.
Chemistry is the science dealing with the composition of matter and the transformations of matter.
Chemistry is the science of 'chemical elements' and 'compounds'.
Chemistry is the science of everyday life.
Chemistry is the science of materials, their properties and their transformations.
Chemistry is the science of matter, structure and reactions.
Chemistry is the science of molecules and their transformations.
Chemistry is the science of the elements.
Chemistry is the science of the materials that make up our physical world.
Chemistry is the science that deals with the composition and properties of substances.
Chemistry is the science that describes nature at the molecular level.
Chemistry is the scientific inquiry into the nature of matter.
Chemistry is the scientific study of substances.
Chemistry is the starting point.
Chemistry is the study of all substances and the change that they undergo.
Chemistry is the study of anything that has mass and occupies space gases, liquids, solids.
Chemistry is the study of changes in matter.
Chemistry is the study of chemicals and their reactions.
Chemistry is the study of connections between the everyday world and the molecular world.
Chemistry is the study of elements , atoms , molecules , and how they react together .
Chemistry is the study of elements, atoms, molecules, and how they react together.
Chemistry is the study of how matter behaves.
Chemistry is the study of matter and chemical reactions.
Chemistry is the study of matter and energy and the changes that they undergo.
Chemistry is the study of matter and how it undergoes change.
Chemistry is the study of matter and the changes that it undergoes.
Chemistry is the study of matter and the changes that matter undergoes.
Chemistry is the study of matter and the changes that occur.
Chemistry is the study of matter and the changes that take place with that matter.
Chemistry is the study of matter in our universe and how matter changes form.
Chemistry is the study of matter, and how matter behaves and interacts with other kinds of matter.
Chemistry is the study of matter, the material of which the universe is made.
Chemistry is the study of matter, which is anything that has mass and occupies space.
Chemistry is the study of matter.
Chemistry is the study of organic and inorganic substances .
Chemistry is the study of structure, properties, and behavior of matter.
Chemistry is the study of substances.
Chemistry is the study of the composition and properties of matter .
Chemistry is the study of the composition and properties of substances.
Chemistry is the study of the composition of substances and the changes that they undergo.
Chemistry is the study of the composition of substances and their properties and reactions.
Chemistry is the study of the elements, the compounds they form and the reactions they undergo.
Chemistry is the study of the properties and behavior of compounds.
Chemistry is the study of the reactivity of substances .
Chemistry is the study of the science of the interaction of matter and energy.
Chemistry is time-intensive .
Chemistry is traditionally an experimental science.
Chemistry is ultimately reducible to physics.
Chemistry is universal.
Chemistry is unpredictable.
Chemistry is usually the second course in the college preparatory sequence.
Chemistry is very important and so is fun outside of practice and games.
Chemistry is very important.
Chemistry is very useful in everyday life and makes up the foundation of many branches of science.
Chemistry is, after all, an experimental science.
Chemistry isa science.
Chemistry lends itself well to demonstrations and they are fun.
Chemistry links the familiar with the fundamental.
Chemistry means so much.
Chemistry occurs typically in the region comprising the end groups.
Chemistry occurs typically in the region comprising the endgroups.
Chemistry offers a quick fix, rather than making changes that achieve long-term balance.
Chemistry offers three curricula.
Chemistry only gives snapshots of conditions ii.
Chemistry only requires the knowledge of algebra.
Chemistry participates in four interdepartmental programs.
Chemistry plays a huge role in developing a winning basketball team.
Chemistry plays a part in everyone's daily lives.
Chemistry plays a pivotal role in the natural sciences.
Chemistry plays probably the most significant role within a rhino's life.
Chemistry progresses from the simple to the complex, building upon existing knowledge at each stage.
Chemistry provides a gateway to many professions.
Chemistry provides a limitless creative environment for the observer.
Chemistry provides an exellent training for numerous careers both scientific and non-scientific.
Chemistry provides examples.
Chemistry Provides free tutoring for all students in freshman and sophomore level chemistry classes.
Chemistry provides microscopic and macroscopic descriptions of the world.
Chemistry quietly shapes our world.
Chemistry reduces to molecular physics.
Chemistry refers to the basic building blocks that the mineral is made of.
Chemistry requires a great deal of discipline toward working outside of class.
Chemistry requires a lot of practice.
Chemistry requires additional specialized journals.
Chemistry requires analytical as well as creative thinking.
Chemistry requires chemicals.
Chemistry seems too involved.
Chemistry shows a decreasing tendency year after year.
Chemistry shows how elements combine to produce different things.
Chemistry solves that problem, too.
Chemistry spurs advances in medicine, agricultural, food processing and other fields.
Chemistry stands at the pivot of science.
Chemistry starts at home.
Chemistry still produces results well beyond what silicon is capable of.
Chemistry studies compounds.
Chemistry takes time to build.
Chemistry takes time.
Chemistry Think about theories and hypotheses and be a mad scientist in a laboratory.
Chemistry touches all areas of our daily lives.
Chemistry underpins everything in our modern life style.
Chemistry uses a dry simulated laboratory in addition to traditional wet laboratories.
Chemistry uses a unit of concentration called molarity .
Chemistry uses data analyzer software, which they have already.
Chemistry wins games.
All chemistry is provided.
Many chemistry graduates pursue careers in education at the secondary, college or university level.
Most chemistry applies chemistry.
Most chemistry focuses on chemistry.
Most chemistry has power.
Most chemistry involves investigations.
Most chemistry is trading ions or electrons.
Most chemistry provides examples.
Some chemistry affects concentration.
Some chemistry affects input.
Some chemistry involves simulation.
Some chemistry supports identification.
Chemo bud is potent with tremendous medical benefits but lack's character.
Some chemo drugs are especially hard on the mouth.
Chemo treatment is completed.
Chemo treatment is now over.
Chemo treatments leave the body feeling very tired, largely because it wipes out the immune system.
Chemo treatments take about four hours.
Chemometric methods analyze the filtered data to obtain quantitative data.
Chemoorganotrophic fungi are especially concentrated in stone crusts.
Chemopreventive agents come from a number of sources.
Some chemopreventive agents are drugs.
Chemopreventive intervention can occur throughout carcinogenesis.
A chemoreceptor is a sense organ
Chemoreceptors are a lot like human taste buds.
Chemoreceptors are cells that respond to chemical stimuli.
Chemoreceptors are detectors.
Chemoreceptors are sense organs.
Chemoreceptors are sensitive to change in stimulus.
Chemoreceptors exist for both taste and smell.
A chemosynthesis is synthesis
Chemosynthesis is a process in which chemical energy is used to produce carbohydrates.
Chemosynthesis is illustrated for nitrogen-fixing monerans.
Chemosynthesis is performed by bacteria.
Chemosynthesis is the synthesis of organic compounds using energy contained in inorganic molecules.
Chemosynthesis isa synthesis.
Chemosynthesises sustain life.
Chemosynthesises use energy.
Most chemosynthesises use energy.
Chemosynthetic autotrophs are a necessary part of the nitrogen cycle .
Chemosynthetic autotrophs make their food by breaking down sulfur and nitrogen.
Chemosynthetic bacteria are found in benthic marine ecosystems.
Chemosynthetic bacteria are the primary producers and form the base of vent food webs.
Chemosynthetic bacteria make their own food energy by consuming chemicals in hydrothermal vents.
Chemosynthetic bacteria obtain energy by oxidizing hydrogen sulfide.
Chemosynthetic bacteria use hydrogen sulfide as an energy source instead of sunlight.
Chemosynthetic communities are a distinctive and widespread feature of the deepwater environment.
Chemosynthetic communities are probably more common than photosynthetic communities.
Chemosynthetic ecosystems make a great model for extraterrestrial life.
Chemosynthetic organisms are autotrophs.
Chemotactic cues involve guiding axons with concentration gradients of neurotrophic factors .
Chemotactic factors released in inflammation attract more eosinophils.
Chemotaxis can behave slightly differently in other microbes.
Chemotaxis is a taxis
Chemotherapeutic agents are chemicals that are used to treat diseases.
Chemotherapeutic agents are toxic chemicals that are used to kill the cancer cells.
Chemotherapeutic agents can cause hair cells to stop dividing.
Chemotherapeutic agents kill growing cells.
Chemotherapeutic agents offer an alternative and more effective means to obtain virus-free plants.
All chemotherapeutic agents are potentially teratogenic.
All chemotherapeutic agents have side effects.
Many chemotherapeutic agents can produce objective responses in such patients.
Many chemotherapeutic agents cause bone marrow suppression .
Some chemotherapeutic agents are complex compounds derived from natural sources.
Chemotherapeutic drugs destroy cancer cells and are used to treat certain types of brain tumors.
Many chemotherapeutic drugs are derivatives, usually synthetic, of plants.
Most chemotherapeutic medications have the ability to directly kill cancer cells .
Many chemotherapeutic regimens cause nausea, for example.
Chemotherapeutic strategy is based on knowledge of tumor tissue growth.
Chemotherapy agents can be very toxic and can kill tumour cells and regular cells alike.
Chemotherapy agents can cause everything from heart damage to liver failure.
Chemotherapy agents inhibit the production of cancer cells, causing the cells to stop growing.
Many chemotherapy agents cause hair loss otherwise known as alopecia.
Most chemotherapy agents kill cancer cells that are actively multiplying.
Some chemotherapy agents work by generating free radicals that kill rapidly dividing cancer cells.
Chemotherapy drugs affect rapidly dividing cells like cancer cells.
Chemotherapy drugs affect the lining of the intestinal tract.
Chemotherapy drugs are very powerful agents.
Chemotherapy drugs are very precise.
Chemotherapy drugs can cause pulmonary toxicity and produce dyspnea.
Chemotherapy drugs can have many side effects.
Chemotherapy drugs can reduce the bone marrow's ability to make red blood cells.
Chemotherapy drugs cause the destruction of oocytes through apoptosis, programmed cell death.
Chemotherapy drugs create a cascade of free radicals that kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy drugs destroy cancer cells by stopping their ability to divide and reproduce.
Chemotherapy drugs interfere with cancer cells' ability to grow or multiply.
Chemotherapy drugs interfere with the cancer cells' ability to grow or multiply.
Chemotherapy drugs kill cancer cells but also damage some normal cells.
Chemotherapy drugs kill cancer cells directly.
Chemotherapy drugs kill cancer cells, as well as normal ones.
Chemotherapy drugs kill normal healthy cells as well as malignant cells.
Chemotherapy drugs like to attack rapidly dividing cells, indiscriminately.
Chemotherapy drugs succeed at killing cancer cells because they target rapidly dividing cells.
Chemotherapy drugs travel throughout the body in the blood stream.
Chemotherapy drugs work by destroying very active cells that divide rapidly.
Most chemotherapy drugs cause a temporary lowering of the blood cell counts.
Most chemotherapy drugs cause some side effects.
Most chemotherapy drugs work by attacking fast- replicating cells.
Some chemotherapy drugs affect hair cells.
Some chemotherapy drugs are now even available in convenient oral forms.
Some chemotherapy drugs can also make cancer cells more sensitive to radiation therapy.
Some chemotherapy drugs can cause a queasy, upset stomach feeling called nausea.
Some chemotherapy drugs can cause damage to the nerves, leading to sexual dysfunction.
Some chemotherapy drugs can cause temporary hair loss.
Some chemotherapy drugs can harm tissues if they leak out of the vein.
Some chemotherapy drugs require the patient to stay in the hospital for a few days.
Some chemotherapy drugs work by creating free radicals, too.
Every chemotherapy protocol has a different cycle.
Many chemotherapy protocols exist and they are ever-changing.
Some chemotherapy regimens can affect the function of the kidneys and liver.
Some chemotherapy regimens work very well at treating cancers that are diagnosed early.
Chemotherapy treatment is different for every disease.
Chemotherapy treatment is highly individualized.
Chemotherapy treatments can last from several weeks to several months.
Most chemotherapy treatments consist of more than one drug.
Chemotherapies can also wreak havoc on a person's white blood cell count.
Chemotherapy acts on cells that divide rapidly, which includes some tumor cells.
Chemotherapy affects all body hair.
Chemotherapy affects any cell that grows rapidly, such as hair cells.
Chemotherapy affects any cell that grows rapidly.
Chemotherapy affects both cancer cells and normal cells, so side effects are common.
Chemotherapy affects both normal and tumor cells.
Chemotherapy affects different people in different ways.
Chemotherapy affects everyone differently.
Chemotherapy affects normal as well as cancer cells.
Chemotherapy affects normal as well as cancerous cells.
Chemotherapy affects other organs of the body such as the kidneys, heart etc.
Chemotherapy affects people in different ways.
Chemotherapy affects the growth of rapidly reproducing cells.
Chemotherapy affects the rapidly dividing cancer cells.
Chemotherapy affects tumor cells by stopping their rapid growth or division.
Chemotherapy affects women in different ways.
Chemotherapy also can trigger the area of the brain that controls vomiting.
Chemotherapy also has an impact on a woman's quality of life and sexuality.
Chemotherapy also is administered by the gynecological oncology staff.
Chemotherapy also results in bone marrow suppression.
Chemotherapy are chemicals which kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy can affect heart tissue.
Chemotherapy can affect hormone levels in both men and women, leading to sexual dysfunction.
Chemotherapy can affect memory.
Chemotherapy can affect the kidneys.
Chemotherapy can affect the normal rapidly growing cells lining the mouth.
Chemotherapy can also affect the blood cells which are important to stop bleeding.
Chemotherapy can also affect the liver, kidneys, nervous system, heart and lungs.
Chemotherapy can also affect the reproductive system of premenopausal women.
Chemotherapy can also be a possible recourse.
Chemotherapy can also cause long-term side effects such as infertility.
Chemotherapy can also cause nausea and vomiting.
Chemotherapy can also cause numerous undesirable side effects.
Chemotherapy can also cause sterility.
Chemotherapy can also damage bone marrow.
Chemotherapy can also help relieve symptoms of advanced cancer.
Chemotherapy can also improve the survival rates in some instances over radiation therapy alone.
Chemotherapy can alter taste sensation so that food seems bitter or totally bland.
Chemotherapy can be a challenge for patients and their families.
Chemotherapy can be a frightening thought for cancer patients.
Chemotherapy can be beneficial in treating metastasis since it is a systemic treatment.
Chemotherapy can be toxic to the heart, liver, lungs, nervous system, and other organs.
Chemotherapy can be very tough on both body and spirit.
Chemotherapy can bring major changes to a person's life.
Chemotherapy can bring that on.
Chemotherapy can cause hair loss all over the body.
Chemotherapy can cause increased risk of infection, nausea or vomiting, and hair loss.
Chemotherapy can cause many side effects, including stomach upset, hair loss, and weakness.
Chemotherapy can cause many side effects, such as stomach upset, hair loss , and weakness .
Chemotherapy can cause nausea, vomiting, fever, diarrhea, hair loss and a loss of immune cells.
Chemotherapy can cause neuropathic pain depending on the type and the dosages utilized.
Chemotherapy can cause numerous side effects, depending in the medication being used.
Chemotherapy can cause pain in several ways.
Chemotherapy can cause the number of neutrophils to decrease.
Chemotherapy can cause unpleasant side effects.
Chemotherapy can cause various kinds of distress such as hair loss, nausea, and other discomforts.
Chemotherapy can cure certain forms of cancer.
Chemotherapy can damage normal cells as well as cancer cells.
Chemotherapy can damage testicular function and cause infertility.
Chemotherapy can either temporarily or permanently alter sexual and reproductive function.
Chemotherapy can extend the lives of women with advanced ovarian cancer.
Chemotherapy can have a number of side effects, including nausea, vomiting, fatigue and hair loss.
Chemotherapy can have a profound effect on the senses of taste and smell.
Chemotherapy can have few or many side effects, depending on the regimen and the individual.
Chemotherapy can have side effects which vary according to the particular drugs used.
Chemotherapy can have some side effects.
Chemotherapy can have the same effect on a patients stomach as it does on the mouth.
Chemotherapy can improve survival and cure rates in a variety of astrocytoma.
Chemotherapy can induce anemia, which is a low blood count.
Chemotherapy can kill or it can give the patient some extra time.
Chemotherapy can later lead to heart problems, as well as kidney and hearing problems.
Chemotherapy can lead to hair loss, nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea.
Chemotherapy can lead to heart, kidney, and hearing problems after treatment is finished.
Chemotherapy can lead to remission in most cases.
Chemotherapy can permanently destroy a patient's ability to produce sperm.
Chemotherapy can save lives, but it comes with some unpleasant side effects.
Chemotherapy can shrink some tumors, but it also fails to increase survival rates.
Chemotherapy can take it's toll on the entire body, even the healthy tissues.
Chemotherapy can weaken the immune system, often reducing the blood's ability to clot.
Chemotherapy causes acute complications that usually heal after treatment ends.
Chemotherapy causes effects.
Chemotherapy causes episodes.
Chemotherapy causes many fun side effects.
Chemotherapy causes other side effects in children, depending on the child s age.
Chemotherapy causes side effects.
Chemotherapy causes so many side effects for the patient.
Chemotherapy causes ulceration of the mouth and facilitates opportunistic infections.
Chemotherapy comes with side effects.
Chemotherapy commonly causes the menstrual cycles to become irregular or cease.
Chemotherapy destroys cancer cells with drugs.
Chemotherapy does have an effect on a patients dietary intake.
Chemotherapy encompasses a group of drugs which have anti-cancer properties.
Chemotherapy following surgery can slow growth of lung tumors and improve life expectancy.
Chemotherapy generally targets rapidly dividing cells.
Chemotherapy given after an operation is called adjuvant chemotherapy.
Chemotherapy given before or after surgery is equally effective.
Chemotherapy given directly into the bladder is called intravesical chemotherapy .
Chemotherapy has effects.
Chemotherapy has little effects.
Chemotherapy has no role.
Chemotherapy has severe effects.
Chemotherapy has severe side effects.
Chemotherapy has side effects particularly nausea, vomiting and hair loss.
Chemotherapy has side effects.
Chemotherapy has very little to offer unless there is an experimental protocol somewhere.
Chemotherapy has very widespread uses in the treatment of today s cancer patients.
Chemotherapy helps patients with advanced non-small cell carcinoma of the lung.
Chemotherapy helps people live longer.
Chemotherapy induces regression of brain metastases in breast carcinoma.
Chemotherapy induces transient sex chromosomal and auto-somal aneuploidy in human sperm.
Chemotherapy interferes with fast-growing cancer cells, but it also affects some healthy cells.
Chemotherapy introduces drugs into the body via pill or needle injection.
Chemotherapy involves a combination of medications given by mouth or through the veins.
Chemotherapy involves administering powerful drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy involves medications that kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy involves the administration of drugs to eliminate cancer cells within the body.
Chemotherapy involves the administration of one or more chemical agents, known as anti-cancer drugs.
Chemotherapy involves the use of chemical or hormonal agents that act throughout the body.
Chemotherapy involves the use of drugs to eliminate cancer cells.
Chemotherapy involves the use of drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy involves the use of powerful medications to treat cancer.
Chemotherapy is a blunt weapon.
Chemotherapy is a dark magic.
Chemotherapy is a medication that can help fight cancer.
Chemotherapy is a medication used to help keep breast cancer from returning.
Chemotherapy is a poison to the human body and some people are more sensitive to it than others.
Chemotherapy is a second choice for treatment of cancer.
Chemotherapy is a systemic therapy, and is able to affect cancer cells throughout the body.
Chemotherapy is a systemic type of cancer treatment.
Chemotherapy is a team effort.
Chemotherapy is a treatment that uses drugs to kill the cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is a treatment which uses anti-cancer drugs to destroy cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is a type of generalized treatment, which means that it affects all areas of the body.
Chemotherapy is a type of systemic treatment, which means that it affects all areas of the body.
Chemotherapy is a word that creates an instant emotional response in everyone.
Chemotherapy is a word used to describe a variety of drugs which can inhibit or kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is advised.
Chemotherapy is an adjuvant therapy for breast cancer.
Chemotherapy is an option only for occasional malignant lesions.
Chemotherapy is another treatment modality that is available for pets with cancer.
Chemotherapy is another treatment.
Chemotherapy is as listed blow.
Chemotherapy is classified depending of the way the drug is delivered.
Chemotherapy is considered as the most efficient anti-metastatic treatment modality.
Chemotherapy is designed to destroy cancer cells, which it does, but it also destroys healthy cells.
Chemotherapy is designed to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is designed to kill the cells that divide the fastest.
Chemotherapy is discussed.
Chemotherapy is effective against some types of leukemia in children.
Chemotherapy is effective when it stops abnormal cells from going through the cell cycle.
Chemotherapy is employed immediately on first evidence of recurrence.
Chemotherapy is given after surgery.
Chemotherapy is given as a course of treatment, which usually lasts a few days.
Chemotherapy is given by mouth or by injection into a blood vessel.
Chemotherapy is given by pill or injection into a vein, an artery or the cerebral spinal fluid.
Chemotherapy is given either by mouth or by injection into a vein or muscle.
Chemotherapy is given following surgery.
Chemotherapy is given in cycles - for example, a dose every three to four weeks.
Chemotherapy is given in cycles.
Chemotherapy is given in measured doses.
Chemotherapy is given in tablets, via an intravenous line or occasionally through a spinal tap.
Chemotherapy is given in the exact same frequency.
Chemotherapy is given in the hope of killing the cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is given intervenously every three to four weeks as tolerated for at least six cycles.
Chemotherapy is given several times during the course of radiation treatment.
Chemotherapy is given until the serum hCG titer returns to normal.
Chemotherapy is in itself, carcinogenic.
Chemotherapy is ineffective.
Chemotherapy is kind of like a magician.
Chemotherapy is likely to affect the mouth and teeth to some degree.
Chemotherapy is limited by the already depressed immune system.
Chemotherapy is medicine that treats cancer.
Chemotherapy is medicine that's injected into the body to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is medicine.
Chemotherapy is minimally effective in recurrent melanoma.
Chemotherapy is most often the cause of young cancer patients losing their hair.
Chemotherapy is much easier to tolerate today than even a few years ago.
Chemotherapy is much more effective for some types of tumor growth than for others.
Chemotherapy is notorious for causing nausea and vomiting.
Chemotherapy is of little value.
Chemotherapy is often an adjuvant therapy to mastectomy.
Chemotherapy is often mixed with surgery, radiation or both in an individual's treatment plan.
Chemotherapy is often the treatment of choice and is curative in some cancers.
Chemotherapy is one common treatment for cancer.
Chemotherapy is one of the main ways of treating cancer.
Chemotherapy is one type of treatment for ovarian cancer.
Chemotherapy is only occasionally beneficial, and the prognosis remains poor.
Chemotherapy is potentially most useful for cancers that have spread to distant parts of the body.
Chemotherapy is prescribed to diminish tumor mass, and increase survival.
Chemotherapy is provided on an out-patient basis.
Chemotherapy is really best for treating cancers that are very small.
Chemotherapy is required for the more aggressive or higher grade tumors.
Chemotherapy is resumed when there is a tumor relapse.
Chemotherapy is rightly in the realm of science.
Chemotherapy is similar to radiation.
Chemotherapy is sometimes combined with immunotherapy.
Chemotherapy is supposed to overwhelm that mechanism.
Chemotherapy is systemic therapy.
Chemotherapy is systemic treatment which means it goes throughout the whole body.
Chemotherapy is taken either as a pill, via injection or intravenously.
Chemotherapy is technically therapy by the use of chemicals.
Chemotherapy is the administration of drugs for cancer treatment.
Chemotherapy is the main form of treatment.
Chemotherapy is the main treatment for metastatic cancer.
Chemotherapy is the main treatment for small cell lung cancer.
Chemotherapy is the main type of treatment and sometimes radiotherapy is used as well.
Chemotherapy is the mainstay of treatment in metastatic cases.
Chemotherapy is the mainstay of treatment.
Chemotherapy is the most common treatment of all stages of small cell lung cancer.
Chemotherapy is the most common treatment-related cause of nausea and vomiting.
Chemotherapy is the most commonly used modality.
Chemotherapy is the most effective method of treating leukemia.
Chemotherapy is the primary treatment for multiple myeloma.
Chemotherapy is the primary weapon doctors use to kill cancerous cell growth.
Chemotherapy is the same as for nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic tumor.
Chemotherapy is the standard treatment to destroy or control myeloma cells.
Chemotherapy is the treatment of cancer using drugs.
Chemotherapy is the treatment of cancer with drugs that can kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the treatment of choice and control can be achieved for a period of time.
Chemotherapy is the treatment of choice of persistent gestational trophoblastic disease.
Chemotherapy is the treatment of choice.
Chemotherapy is the treatment of disease with drugs.
Chemotherapy is the treatment of tumors by means of chemicals.
Chemotherapy is the use of anti-cancer drugs given intravenously or taken by mouth.
Chemotherapy is the use of anti-cancer drugs to destroy cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of anti-cancer drugs to destroy tumors.
Chemotherapy is the use of anti-cancer drugs to fight the disease.
Chemotherapy is the use of anticancer drugs to kill cancer cells throughout the body.
Chemotherapy is the use of anticancer drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of Anti-cancer drugs to relieve and shrink tumors.
Chemotherapy is the use of anti-cancer drugs to treat cancerous cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of drugs that are effective against cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of drugs to kill cancer cells and shrink tumors.
Chemotherapy is the use of drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of drugs to kill cells that divide rapidly.
Chemotherapy is the use of drugs to kill the tumor cells by inhibiting their ability to replicate.
Chemotherapy is the use of drugs to treat cancer throughout the body.
Chemotherapy is the use of drugs to treat cancer.
Chemotherapy is the use of drugs to try and kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of medications and drugs which are known to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of medications to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of medicine to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of medicines and drugs to treat cancer.
Chemotherapy is the use of medicines to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the use of powerful chemicals to kill the cancer.
Chemotherapy is the use of powerful, anti-cancer drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is the usual treatment for small cell lung cancer.
Chemotherapy is therapy
Chemotherapy is therapy.
Chemotherapy is tough on the body.
Chemotherapy is treatment of cancer with strong chemicals.
Chemotherapy is treatment with anticancer drugs.
Chemotherapy is treatment with anti-cancer drugs.
Chemotherapy is treatment with drugs that have their greatest effect on rapidly dividing cells.
Chemotherapy is treatment with drugs that kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy is used as a treatment for patients with metastatic melanoma.
Chemotherapy is used by cancer patients.
Chemotherapy is used by patients.
Chemotherapy is used for a few specific types of brain tumors.
Chemotherapy is used for all stages of small cell lung cancer with or without radiation therapy.
Chemotherapy is used for distant disease control.
Chemotherapy is used for most types of chronic leukemia.
Chemotherapy is used if the entire body is at risk.
Chemotherapy is used mostly for the treatment of advanced thyroid cancer.
Chemotherapy is used treat cancer systemically.
Chemotherapy is used when the cancer has spread to other parts of the body.
Chemotherapy is usually the first type of treatment given.
Chemotherapy is usually the next step after surgery.
Chemotherapy is utilized along with surgery.
Chemotherapy is very effective in the cure of gestational trophoblastic tumors.
Chemotherapy is very expensive and extremely painful.
Chemotherapy is very toxic, and suppresses the immune system.
Chemotherapy is war.
Chemotherapy is well known for causing nausea and vomiting.
Chemotherapy isa therapy.
Chemotherapy kills all cells on contact, even healthy cells.
Chemotherapy kills both cancer and healthy cells.
Chemotherapy kills cancer cells and good healthy living cells.
Chemotherapy kills cancer cells at the original site, in the lymph nodes, and throughout the body.
Chemotherapy kills cancer cells through the use of drugs or hormones.
Chemotherapy kills cancer cells undergoing rapid division.
Chemotherapy kills fast dividing cancer cells.
Chemotherapy kills off rapidly dividing cells.
Chemotherapy kills RBCs and lessens the bone marrow's ability to make more.
Chemotherapy knocks out cancer.
Chemotherapy means treatment with anti-cancer drugs.
Chemotherapy only raises the percentage slightly.
Chemotherapy reaches into all parts of the body to destroy remaining cancer cells.
Chemotherapy reduces growth.
Chemotherapy refers to drugs used in the treatment of cancers.
Chemotherapy refers to medication given, usually intravenously, to destroy cancer cells.
Chemotherapy refers to medications that can kill or control cancer.
Chemotherapy remains one of the main treatment options for cancer.
Chemotherapy represents another form of cytolytic therapy.
Chemotherapy saves life.
Chemotherapy simply means treating disease with medication.
Chemotherapy slows the progression of multiple myeloma by killing the abnormal plasma cells.
Chemotherapy targets the breast cancer cells.
Chemotherapy targets the parasites.
Chemotherapy tends to be more effective against fast-growing tumors.
Chemotherapy tos control cancer.
Chemotherapy uses a combination of drugs to kill the cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses a variety of anti-cancer drugs that keep the malignant cells from multiplying.
Chemotherapy uses anticancer drugs to kill the cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses anti-cancer drugs to slow the growth or kill cells that quickly multiply.
Chemotherapy uses anticancer medication to destroy cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses different chemicals to kill or prevent further growth of cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses drugs that travel through the body to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses drugs to get rid of cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses drugs to kill cancer cells and shrink tumors.
Chemotherapy uses drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses drugs to kill cancer.
Chemotherapy uses drugs to kill extra blood cells in the body.
Chemotherapy uses drugs to kill the cancer cells and is taken orally or hypodermically.
Chemotherapy uses drugs to kill the cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses drugs to treat disease.
Chemotherapy uses medications to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses poisonous drugs to kill cells.
Chemotherapy uses powerful drugs that attack cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses powerful drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses special drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses strong drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy uses toxic drugs to slow or reverse the spread of the disease in advanced cases.
Chemotherapy utilizes toxic drugs to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy works against cancer because it attacks cells that are rapidly dividing .
Chemotherapy works best on cells that grow and divide quickly.
Chemotherapy works better in younger patients.
Chemotherapy works directly on tumor cells which mutate easily .
Chemotherapy works mainly on rapidly dividing cancer cells.
Chemotherapy works on cells that are dividing.
Chemotherapy works well in killing cancer cells, but it also kills the healthy cells.
Chemotherapy wrecks the immune system.
Chemotherapy often causes nausea and vomiting.
Chemotherapy often causes the person to lose their appetite.
Chemotherapy often consists of a combination of drugs that work together to kill cancer cells.
Chemotherapy often follows surgery.
Chemotherapy often is effective at destroying leukemia cells that are circulating in the body.
Chemotherapy often is prescribed.
Chemotherapy often lasts a year or more.
Chemotherapy often makes for incredibly sensitive olfactory senses.
Chemotherapy sometimes is given after surgery to try to prevent the disease from spreading.
Any chemotherapy is harsh because all chemotherapy is poison.
Any chemotherapy is harsh, because all chemotherapy is poison.
Most chemotherapy causes effects.
Most chemotherapy causes episodes.
Most chemotherapy causes side effects.
Most chemotherapy has effects.
Most chemotherapy has little effects.
Most chemotherapy has severe effects.
Most chemotherapy has severe side effects.
Most chemotherapy has side effects.
Most chemotherapy is given on set days over a few months.
Most chemotherapy is given through a vein and circulates around the whole body.
Most chemotherapy is used by cancer patients.
Most chemotherapy is used by patients.
Most chemotherapy reduces growth.
Most chemotherapy saves life.
Some chemotherapies are now even available in convenient oral forms.
Some chemotherapy can cause skin irritation, sores, or deeper tissue injury where it was given.
Some chemotherapy helps disorder.
Some chemotherapy helps muscular disorder.
Some chemotherapy is useful for marine animal injuries.
Some chemotherapy kills patients.
Chemotrophic organisms derive their energy from chemical oxidations and reductions.
Chenango soils are on nearby terrace that lack the silty mantle.
A chenille is cloth
Chenilles are also sharp-pointed, but are larger than crewel.
Chenilles are for use with heavier yarns.
Chenr zigs represents a manner in which our beginningless enlightened state manifests.
Cheque amounts can change because of adjustments to a client's requirements or income.
Cheque Cheques are payment instruments whose validity requires reference to the issuer.
Cheque formats are user definable .
Cheque payment is also available to existing clients.
Cheque payments are effective only in connection with an irrevocable cheque confirmation.
A cheque is a draft
Cheques also bring exchange hassles.
Cheques are acceptable only when the account is held in a bank in the united kingdom.
Cheques are acceptable.
Cheques are checks .
Cheques are expensive and inconvenient, time wise.
Cheques are less convenient.
Cheques are likely to become a thing of the past, together with individual currencies.
Cheques are located in banks.
Cheques are never disappointing.
Cheques are of course acceptable if they come within Canada.
Cheques are one form of negotiable instrument.
Cheques are payable to 'Philosopher Conference'.
Cheques are preferred.
Cheques are still a very popular way of paying for things.
Cheques are the only method of payment.
Cheques are the preferred method of payment for group shows.
Cheques are the preferred method of payment.
Cheques are to be drawn on Canadian financial institutions.
Cheques are used for bills.
Cheques are used for buys.
Cheques are used for pay.
Cheques are used for shopping.
Cheques can be computer printed or hand-written.
Cheques can be paper-mailed to the address given below.
Cheques can take up to a week to be issued.
Cheques drawn on other currencies are subject to a surcharge.
Cheques drawn on U.S., U.K., and Canadian banks are welcome.
Cheques look like cheques.
Cheques require clearance.
Cheques require three weeks to clear.
Cheques take a couple of days to clear.
Cheques take few days by post.
Cheques take time to clear.
All cheques are liable to a ten cent stamp duty.
All cheques have to be made in Canadian dollars.
All cheques have to be signed by two of the Trustees.
All cheques require a signature of a member of each family.
All cheques require up to two weeks to clear.
A chequebook is a record
Chequebook isa entity.
Chequebooks are usually free of charge.
Chequers has deep pink flowers and marbled leaves.
Chequest soils are on bottom lands.
Chequest soils have thinner mollic epipedons and are more acid.
Cherenkov radiation points the other way.
Cherished feelings come back, mist comes often to the eyes.
Cherished goals perish entirely.
Cherished idols prove to have feet of clay.
Cherished recipes carry link to the past . . .
Cherished Teddies are now in.
Cherished Teddies make the most wonderful gifts for people of all ages.
Cherished Years has a double bed, a tub and a shower.
Chern classes are integral.
Cherokee chief is an elected position.
Cherokee citizens pay all taxes that ordinary citizens pay.
Cherokee history is a fascinating, and in many cases, depressing subject.
Cherokee lake is large enough to do a little cruising on.
Cherokee removal ranks as one of the greatest tragedies in American history.
Cherokee sales are mainly responsible for the latest increase in profits for Jeep stockholders.
Cherokee stories relate to the turtle as having a special purpose since the beginning of time.
Cherokee trail leaves three miles back.
Cherokee women wove baskets, made clothing, cooked, planted seeds, and harvested the crops.
Cherokee writing is the creation of Sequoyah, one of the great names in American Indian history.
Cherry Creek is a very beautiful community.
Cherry Creek is in about the same condition.
Cherry Creek is in the final eight for the seventh consecutive season and eighth time overall.
Cherry Creek is one of the state's wealthier districts.
Cherry Creek is open for boating.
Cherry Creek is the favorite.
Cherry Lake is located in east-central California, just west of the Yosemite National Park.
Cherry laurels bloom in springs.
Some cherry laurels have flowers.
Some cherry laurels have white flowers.
Cherry Park is on the left.
Cherry Park is the third.
All cherry pits contain small amounts of cyanide and cause poisoning if eaten in large quantities.
Many cherry- plums are low growing shrubs and some are trees with ornamental value.
Cherry trees make remarkable recovery after breakage, however, with little loss of diameter growth.
Most cherry trees planted today are started from saplings purchased from nurseries.
Cherry Valley is close by and has some of the finest restaurants in the area.
A cherry is wood
Cherries add ruby-red color and tangy flavor to food products.
Cherries also add a unique taste to spicy foods, such as salsas and chutneys.
Cherries also add ruby-red color to gelatin salads or mixed fruit combinations.
Cherries also are delicious in main courses, salads, side dishes and beverages.
Cherries also grow on the leaves, and currants usually grow on the catkins.
Cherries also make a great sauce for ham or pork.
Cherries are a festive fruit to use at holiday time, too.
Cherries are a fragile fruit with a rather short life span.
Cherries are a marginal source of vitamin C, but have little other nutritional value.
Cherries are a powerful source of compounds with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties.
Cherries are a rich source of flavonoids.
Cherries are a very low calorie fruit and rich source of nutrients, vitamins, and minerals.
Cherries are also beneficial in preventing heart disease.
Cherries are also excellent fresh but are most commonly served in pastries, desserts, and candies.
Cherries are also great.
Cherries are an excellent source of compounds with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties.
Cherries are an insignificant source of other vitamins.
Cherries are at pit hardening.
Cherries are at swollen bud.
Cherries are best if consumed within one year and are safe as long as lids remain vacuum sealed.
Cherries are candy, the bon bons of summer produce.
Cherries are drupes.
Cherries are edible fruit.
Cherries are excellent in combination with chocolate.
Cherries are fruit trees.
Cherries are fruit.
Cherries are important plants in that they support a variety of wildlife.
Cherries are located in jars.
Cherries are low in fat, and have a high-water content.
Cherries are part of cherries.
Cherries are perhaps more susceptible to the whim of mother nature than other crops.
Cherries are pigment rich fruits.
Cherries are pitted before they are used and then dehydrated.
Cherries are prone to bacterial canker.
Cherries are small trees and undeniably beautiful.
Cherries are stone fruit.
Cherries are the most antioxidant-rich fruit on earth.
Cherries are the only exception.
Cherries are wood.
Cherries can add color, flavor and inviting aromas to otherwise ordinary dishes.
Cherries command the most transpacific volume.
Cherries contain allopurinal, which is a drug often used to treat gout.
Cherries continue to be a high risk, high return crop.
Cherries cover three-quarters of the resources slice, and over half of the manufacturing slice.
Cherries deepen in color, swell and soften, and their sugar content increases rapidly.
Cherries don t keep well even with the best treatment, and bruised or cut ones go downhill fast.
Cherries enhance meats and combine well with pastas, cereals, breads, juice and dairy products.
Cherries fall where texts fail.
Cherries feed into plunger mechanism for quick pit removal.
Cherries feed into plunger mechanism.
Cherries form from flowers at leaf nodes.
Cherries get a few pests.
Cherries have (part) peels.
Cherries have (part) sections.
Cherries have many troubles.
Cherries have the tendency to turn dark blue in muffins.
Cherries have their own natural bitterness, that's why they compliment a bitter beer so well.
Cherries help eliminate acid in the body and ease knuckle bumps.
Cherries is the place.
Cherries move easily from breakfast to dinner desserts.
Cherries Royale Prepare our light syrup with fresh lemon juice and no other flavoring.
Cherries travel up conveyor belt and roll down tray to packing box.
Cherries turn from pink in acid to gray in base.
Cherry isa fruit.
Cherry isa matter.
Cherry trim and paneling, marine-blue ceilings and carpet.
Cherries usually go under when baked.
All Cherries require well-drained soil.
More cherries come out of Traverse City than the rest of the world combined.
Most cherries begin to bear the third or fourth year after planting.
Some cherry is harvested from old orchards.
A cherrystone is a clam
Cherrystones are the popular New England clam bake size.
Cherrystones quickly become tough if overcooked.
A chert is oxide
Cherts come in a variety of colors such as red and green.
A cherub is an angel
Cherubs aim their arrows at the dining-room walls.
Cherubs are angels.
Cherubs are babies.
Cherubs are descendants of Cupid.
Cherubs are located in heaven.
Cherubs learn the importance of music in worship through praise and performance.
Cherubs look great indoors and outdoors.
Cherubs play with a burgundy ribbon among roses.
Cherubs play with roman columns among roses.
Cherubs sing and play upon airy spinets.
Cherubs sing at worship services several times per year.
Cherubs sing periodically at the worship service.
Cherubs sit atop of pillars.
Cherubs take their first trip into Chicago .
Cherubs using navigational instruments support the elegant cartouche, at lower left.
Many cherubs line the scene in their usual chaotic poses.
Chervil flower resembles coriander closely.
Chess books are available in the the local libraries.
Chess boxing is a sport designed for genius bruisers.
Chess clocks are another matter.
A chess club is a club
Chess club is a very interesting and fun way to learn and play chess.
Chess club offers a friendly and relaxed atmosphere to play and learn chess.
Chess club takes kids from kindergarten to fifth grade.
Chess clubs are clubs.
Chess clubs offer places to play casual chess.
Most chess clubs have members different playing strengths, from beginners to experts.
Chess engines are computer systems that can play chess games against human opponents.
A chess game is a board game
Chess games abound.
Every chess game is a fight to the death.
A chess master is a chess player
Chess masters are chess players.
Chess masters are great because they have a custom-made strategy for each opponent.
Most chess masters are well-rounded, normal people.
A chess match is a match
Chess matches allow students to match wits with chess players from other schools.
Chess pie has a simple filling of eggs, sugar, butter and a small amount of flour.
A chess piece is a piece
Chess pieces are earth-fired ceramics and the boards are made of wood.
Chess pieces are located in chess sets.
Chess pieces are located in chessboards.
Chess pieces are located in game rooms.
Chess pieces are pawns.
Chess pieces are pieces.
Chess pieces are used for games.
Chess pieces are used for play.
Chess pieces are white and dark chocolate, the board is milk and white chocolate.
Chess pieces click the board.
A chess player is a player
Chess player cites foul over revealing rival .
Chess players are players.
Chess players are proud to be among the weirdest souls on earth.
Chess players check their mates.
Chess players do it in their minds.
Chess players do it with royalty.
Chess players get physically fit to expand their brain power.
Chess players mate better.
Chess players represent nations.
Chess players write down the moves of the game, as they play.
All chess players understand chess strategy.
Any chess player can learn to play the game in a matter of minutes.
Most chess players represent nations.
Chess problems are also very useful in helping develop thinking skills.
Chess problems have a history as long as the game itself, and their own terminology.
Chess programs can already defeat the vast majority of human players.
Many chess programs are available for today's computers.
Chess programming employs both.
Chess ratings are one of the tournament organizer's most valuable tools.
A chess set is a set
Chess set featured is detail oriented with historical accuracy.
Chess set is supplied by special secure package with sections for each piece.
Chess sets are also available.
Chess sets are available.
Chess sets are located in coffee houses.
Chess sets are located in coffeehouses.
Chess sets are located in cupboards.
Chess sets are located in dorms.
Chess sets are located in drawers.
Chess sets are located in game rooms.
Chess sets are located in living rooms.
Chess sets are located in toy stores.
Chess sets are sets.
Chess sets are used for buying.
Chess sets are used for fun.
Chess sets are used for looks.
Chess sets are used for play.
Chess sets are used for playing games.
Chess sets are used for selling.
Chess team asserts itself In a bid to be taken seriously, the state champs come out swinging.
Chess tournaments are very competitive.
Chess tournaments take place almost every weekend.
Chess analyses program.
Chess assists students in using lateral and analytical thinking skills.
Chess builds confidence and helps young people make new friends.
Chess builds self-confidence.
Chess challenges the mind.
Chess combines elements of both art and science.
Chess continues to grope in obscurity in India.
Chess develops creativity and encourages imagination.
Chess files many chess games from the masters are here.
Chess Find out how and where to play chess via e-mail.
Chess fosters analytical,creative, and lateral thinking.
Chess has (part) checkerboards.
Chess has (part) sections.
Chess helps develop more advanced strategy.
Chess helps develop proper study habits and research techniques.
Chess improves logical and strategic thinking, memorization and concentration abilities.
Chess improves logical and strategic thinking, memorization, and concentration abilities.
Chess improves thought patterns and encourages long term thought.
Chess increases concentration, and they're getting better scores in math and English.
Chess is a board game
Chess is a complete and ungrounded system.
Chess is a complex game, and even modest success requires many kinds of skill and knowledge.
Chess is a determinate enterprise.
Chess is a discipline, and most chessplayers have never been taught how to think correctly.
Chess is a fun and mentally complex game with endless combinations for checkmate.
Chess is a fun sport, when played with shotguns.
Chess is a game , that is, an activity governed entirely by man-made rules.
Chess is a game for only the best people.
Chess is a game of conflict, a game which thrives on aggression.
Chess is a game of guile and strategy.
Chess is a game of perfect information and therefore a deterministic game.
Chess is a game of strategy and skill.
Chess is a game that has been around for ages.
Chess is a game that involves the ego completely.
Chess is a game that's often been said is easy to learn, but impossible to master.
Chess is a game to subdue a turbulent spirit, and to puzzle a tranquil mind.
Chess is a game which can cause one mental stress.
Chess is a game which requires disciplined and systematic thought.
Chess is a game whose history dates back to Medieval Europe, Ancient Greece, India and China.
Chess is a game, but it is also a struggle of minds.
Chess is a game, played by two players.
Chess is a game.
Chess is a great game that unfortunately gets too little attention.
Chess is a great way to learn logical thinking and spatial reasoning.
Chess is a microworld based on a rigid scheme of rules, actions and transformations.
Chess is a problem.
Chess is a pure strategy game.
Chess is a relatively easy game to understand.
Chess is a sport that requires intellectual skill, attentiveness and emotive discipline.
Chess is a tense game.
Chess is a tool for teaching other skills as well, such as concentration and critical thinking.
Chess is a very good activity to teach children to be responsible for their own actions.
Chess is a war game brought back to the west from the Islamic world by medieval crusaders.
Chess is a war-like game, unsuitable for women.
Chess is a well-defined form of computation.
Chess is accessible to all people regardless of age, gender, race or physical ability.
Chess is also a favourite pastime.
Chess is also a national pastime and can be very competitive.
Chess is board games.
Chess is boring.
Chess is by virtue of it's origins one of the oldest sports in the world.
Chess is effective because it is self-motivating.
Chess is far from being solved.
Chess is fun to play.
Chess is fun.
Chess is fun.
Chess is games.
Chess is good for children.
Chess is great exercise.
Chess is great games.
Chess is infinite, like space.
Chess is life, and a great one for that.
Chess is life.
Chess IS life.
Chess is many things, and it certainly involves intelligence, but it's more.
Chess is more challenging than backgammon.
Chess is more than just a game.
Chess is much more of a challenge, and leads to longer games.
Chess is much more than a game.
Chess is musicals.
Chess is notoriously difficult to play well.
Chess is one of the earliest wargames.
Chess is one of the greatest games ever invented.
Chess is one of the oldest games known today.
Chess is one of the world's classic games.
Chess is one of the world's oldest war games.
Chess is open to all students.
Chess is other people.
Chess is particularly strong at present.
Chess is probably the oldest known game still played today.
Chess is probably too limited a means to simulate intelligence.
Chess is problem-solving from start to finish.
Chess is really a struggle between two intellects.
Chess is so big on the web that any attempt at completeness is futile.
Chess is still pretty wide-open and there's a lot left to be discovered.
Chess is strategy.
Chess is such a complex game, even a computer has trouble calculating everything.
Chess is such a game although the number of possible scenarios is quite big.
Chess is therefore a bridge between recreation and business.
Chess is used for nerds.
Chess is very complex.
Chess is very popular in Azerbaijan.
Chess is war , baby.
Chess is war over the board.
Chess isa game.
Chess matches more than any other sport fit one man's mind against another.
Chess pieces no.
Chess pieces with pegs stay securely in place for each move.
Chess play hones spacial and sequential logic skills.
Chess promotes logical thinking, geometric insight, discipline, memory and sportsmanship.
Chess provides a number of important attributes for children.
Chess provides children with valuable tools for life and academic achievement.
Chess provides many students with a healthy outlet for competitive expression.
Chess reaches Japan.
Chess remains a notable exception.
Chess requires patience.
Chess requires thinking, and so does seduction.
Chess seems to draw very nice families.
Chess sets for schools come in tubes convenient for quick access and easy storage.
Chess stimulates the thinking process.
Chess teaches critical thinking.
Chess teaches thinking skills, mental strategies for moving pieces and preparing a game plan.
Chess tells the story of the game and the people who simultaneously play it and are played by it.
Chess uses different left and right controller overlays.
Chess works well with developing minds because it is self-motivating.
Any chess related web site requiring precise statistical data can join the Top Chess Sites .
A chessboard is a surface
Chessboard Consider a chess board with two of the diagonally opposite corners removed.
Chessboard looks like stairs.
Chessboard Sketch the outlines on the blocks of wood and marble with chalk and compass respectively.
Chessboards are part of chess sets.
Chessboards are part of chess.
Chessboards naturally increase players' focus on controlling the accentuated center of the board.
A chessman is a piece
Chessman cites phone connection problems encountered.
Chessmans are men.
Chessmans are part of chess sets.
Chessmans are pieces.
Chessmen come in different colours, including red and blue.
Chessmen have to be at the right place at the right time in a strategic plan.
Chessmen move as in regular chess.
Chest auscultation reveals crackles in the lower half of both lung fields.
Chest bones support muscles.
Chest breathing fills the middle and upper parts of the lungs.
Chest breathing is shallow.
Some chest cavities move air.
Chest compression can also slow the heart.
Chest compression indicates the possibility of chest injury.
Chest compressions are alternated with breaths.
Chest compressions are done to pump the heart.
Chest compressions replace the heartbeat when it has stopped.
Chest discomfort can occur.
Chest exam is unremarkable.
Chest exam shows moist, crepitant rales and signs of pleural effusion.
Chest films are to be done in the upright position when at all possible.
Chest freezers are also available in both propane and efficient electric.
Chest freezers use less electricity than upright freezers.
Chest hair appears.
Chest hair is body hair.
Chest hairs sprout.
Chest infections are notorious in alcoholics.
Chest infections seem pretty common too, especially among cigarette smokers.
Chest infections seem to occur more frequently in patients with chronic bronchitis.
Chest injuries causing shallow breathing, including fractured ribs, can cause atelectasis.
Some chest muscles move wings.
Chest pain associates with diseases.
Chest pain associates with disorder.
Chest pain associates with heart diseases.
Chest pain can be a warning sign of an unhealthy heart.
Chest pain can be a worrying symptom.
Chest pain can be plenty frightening.
Chest pain can be sharp or dull, lasting from a few seconds to several hours.
Chest pain can have a number of causes, and some can be life-threatening.
Chest pain can occur if the medication is stopped too fast.
Chest pain can radiate to the arms, neck or back, and it can cover both the right and left sides.
Chest pain can signify a life threatening condition so it is best to have it evaluated promptly.
Chest pain cans have causes.
Chest pain consisting of either a dull ache or a true pleurisy is common.
Chest pain following open heart surgery can take some time to resolve so hang in there.
Chest pain has causes.
Chest pain increases.
Chest pain is a common complaint.
Chest pain is a common reason for parents to seek medical attention for their children.
Chest pain is a common symptom that brings a patient for medical attention.
Chest pain is a fairly common complaint that often is the first signal of heart disease.
Chest pain is a risk factor for a heart attack damage and death.
Chest pain is a symptom of many medical conditions, some quite serious and others less worrisome.
Chest pain is a very common symptom.
Chest pain is an imprecise term.
Chest pain is certainly one instance where it is better to be safe than sorry.
Chest pain is common, and shortness of breath develops when the lungs are heavily ravaged.
Chest pain is diffuse and radiates to both arms upon heavy exertion.
Chest pain is gone.
Chest pain is more common when a stent is used, possibly because the artery is stretched.
Chest pain is nothing to screw around with.
Chest pain is one of the most common warning signs of heart attack.
Chest pain is one symptom of atherosclerosis.
Chest pain is pain
Chest pain is pain.
Chest pain is possible and can be caused by heart or lung damage.
Chest pain is symptoms.
Chest pain is the most common symptom of heart disease in both men and women.
Chest pain is the most typical early symptom of a heart attack.
Chest pain occurs and breathing becomes very difficult as the lungs fill with fluids.
Chest pain results from a shortage of oxygen in the heart muscle.
Chest pain subsides.
Chest pain worsens.
Chest pains are a recurrent problem.
Chest pains are cardiac until proven otherwise.
Chest pains are due to the expanding energies of the heart as it opens to deeper levels.
Chest pains are often worse when taking a deep breath or moving the chest wall.
Chest pains can also indicate emotional distress caused by anxiety, depression or everyday stress.
Chest pains develop and very difficult breathing.
Chest pains differ from individual to individual.
Chest pains occur when the heart requires more blood than can flow through the narrowing.
Any chest pain requires prompt medical evaluation .
Most chest pain has causes.
Some chest pain radiates to arms.
Chest physiotherapy is performed after foreign body removal to help remove secretions.
Chest physiotherapy is used to help mobilize secretions from the lower respiratory tract.
Chest protectors shield the ribs, heart, collarbone and stomach from impact.
Chest radiograph demonstrates a right lower lobe infiltrate.
Chest radiograph has bilateral interstitial infiltrates and hyperinflation.
Chest radiograph is normal.
Chest radiograph is usually normal.
Chest radiograph shows effusion.
Chest radiograph shows miliary pattern.
Chest radiographs are normal except for flattened diaphragms.
Chest radiographs are usually diagnostic.
Chest radiographs can be difficult to interpret especially in macaque species.
Chest radiographs can be useful if the cat is symptomatic.
Chest radiographs confirm the diagnosis.
Chest radiographs demonstrate diffuse interstitial prominence and pleural thickening.
Chest radiographs remain negative for pulmonary involvement.
Chest radiographs show an infiltrate in the right lung.
Chest radiographs show signs of bilateral interstitial and alveolar edema.
Chest radiography contributes relatively little to the diagnosis of acute pericarditis.
Chest radiography has limitations.
Chest radiography is indicated if aspiration is suspected.
Chest radiography is indicated to detect ARDS in patients with pulmonary symptoms.
Chest radiography is negative.
Chest radiography is only sensitive for the late stages of cardiovascular disease.
Chest radiography is useful in evaluating hyperinflation.
Chest radiography shows bilateral diffuse interstitial infiltrates.
Chest radiography suggests the abnormality to involve much of the thorax.
Chest tightness develops on the first day of work after a weekend or vacation.
Chest tightness is too.
Chest tube is indicated.
Chest tube is still in place.
Chest tubes allow for the lung to re-inflate immediately.
Chest tubes drain into a large plastic container near the foot of the patient's bed.
Chest wall fracture unlikely.
Chest wall is tender with palpation.
Chest wall is the primary site of failure.
Chest wall masses in a patient with nasopharyngeal carcinoma.
Chest wall strain unlikely.
Chest walls are body parts.
A chest is a body part
Chest buys through the parents unless miss headlines.
Chest buys through the parents unless miss incredible hulk.
Chest buys through the parents unless miss montana.
Chest buys through the parents unless miss waterski.
Chest can hold two cassettes simultaneously.
Chest comes two inches from the floor with each repetition.
Chest continues to be a dreary soap opera.
Chest enjoy Kiss aside goat of an titelist ballfitting likewise billed except one temperature.
Chest equals lungs.
Chest features a cute patch with car.
Chest features a cute patch with duck.
Chest features a cute patch with flower.
Chest features an embroidered garden scene.
Chest features three pink satin rosettes and ruffles over the shoulder.
Chest features two applique pink and yellow bees with organza wings.
Chest features white smocking and an embroidered cow jumping over the moon.
Chest feels contracted, almost to suffocation.
Chest feels raw or hollow .
Chest gets bigger.
Chest has heart-shaped patch of red naked skin sometimes divided in two in males.
Chest is almost circular.
Chest is broad and deep, reaching down to the elbow.
Chest is clear to auscultation and percussion.
Chest is clear to both percussion and auscultation.
Chest is clear, with normal heart sounds.
Chest is clear.
Chest is darker.
Chest is deep and moderately wide with well sprung ribs.
Chest is deep but only moderately wide.
Chest is deep, moderately broad, showing great lung capacity.
Chest is deep, showing great lung capacity and strength.
Chest is deep, the back is strong and broad and overall conformation is good.
Chest is embroidered with an adorable train.
Chest is made with only top and side removable.
Chest is moderate in width.
Chest is moderately wide and deep, with the brisket reaching to the elbow.
Chest is smocked and embroidered with a row of three flower baskets.
Chest is solid walnut, dove tailed and beautiful.
Chest is symmetrical.
Chest is to be full and rounded.
Chest is wide and carried high.
Chest is wide and sticks out with a clear line feather marking.
Chest is wide with abundant muscling.
Chest is wrapped and bowed for proper presentation.
Chest isa body part.
Chest radiograph findings of pulmonary edema support the diagnosis.
Chest reaches at least to the elbows.
Chest reveals no bony deformity, with good aeration bilaterally.
Chest still hurts, though.
Chests are among the earliest pieces of American furniture.
Chests are body parts.
Chests are boxs.
Chests are containers.
Chests are furniture.
Chests are located in animals.
Chests are located in antique shops.
Chests are located in bedrooms.
Chests are located in bodies.
Chests are located in houses.
Chests are located in human being.
Chests are part of people.
Chests are part of torsos.
Chests are solid objects.
Chests are universal and ancient in origin, one of the oldest forms of furniture.
Chests are used for belongings.
Chests are used for play.
Chests are used for storage.
Chests are used for treasure chests.
Chests filled with boats are a good idea too.
Chests force air.
Chests have (part) bone cells.
Chests have (part) breasts.
Chests have (part) chest cavities.
Chests have (part) corpi.
Chests have (part) corpus sterna.
Chests have (part) ground substances.
Chests have (part) lobes.
Chests have (part) marrow.
Chests have (part) mast cells.
Chests have (part) rib cages.
Chests have (part) sterna.
Chests have glands.
Chests have scent glands.
Chests lights up with simple assembly and painting required.
Chests operate in the same way except they can store anything from lockpicks to grenade launchers.
Chests tighten with the memory of being picked last for anything in elementary school.
Chests often have lift-up tops and drawers.
Chests usually ship within three days of placing the order.
Every chest contains a treasure, special item, hazard, trap, or guardian.
Every chest has items in some better than others.
Many chests have a pair or trio of drawers across the bottom.
Most chests have glands.
Most chests have scent glands.
Some chests fill with food.
Some chests have large white patches.
Some chests have large white shoulder patches.
Some chests have patches.
Some chests have shoulder patches.
Some chests have spikes.
Chested arrows are thicker below and under the feathers and taper to the nock and head.
Chesterfield County is a great place to live, work and raise a family.
Chesterfield County is located just south and west of Richmond, Virginia.
Chesterfield County offers the best of both worlds.
A chesterfield is a coat
Chesterfields are good, definitely.
Chestnut oak is intermediate in shade tolerance.
Chestnut oak is oak
A chestnut tree is a tree
Chestnut trees adapt to environments.
Chestnut trees are deciduous plants.
Chestnut trees are insect-pollinated.
Chestnut trees are trees.
Chestnut trees aren t very popular because they take so long to mature.
Chestnut trees line some of the avenues, giving the visitor the relaxing feel of a country park.
Chestnut trees produce a marketable crop by the fourth or fifth leaf.
Chestnut trees require relatively little pruning.
Most chestnut trees adapt to environments.
A chestnut is a nut
Chestnut is easy to work, being light weight and splitting well with wedge and hammer.
Chestnut is located in Ontario, Canada.
Chestnut is one of the few honeys that is made better by a dry summer.
Chestnut is one of the pyrogallol class of tannins, and has a naturally low pH value.
Chestnut is rare but appears occasionally in old barns.
Chestnut isa nut.
Chestnut mare with huge eye and that unmistakable Rowdy head.
Chestnuts abound and can be gathered and roasted on the open fire.
Chestnuts are a diverse food source.
Chestnuts are a quintessential holiday food.
Chestnuts are a shade tolerant, fast growing, long taproot tree.
Chestnuts are also important in the kitchen.
Chestnuts are another harvest of which there are dozens of local species, like apples.
Chestnuts are both botanical and culinary nuts.
Chestnuts are brown.
Chestnuts are callus.
Chestnuts are energy rich and highly nutritious.
Chestnuts are extremely popular in Europe and in Asia.
Chestnuts are free in gluten so are ideal for gluten-sensitivity, wheat allergy and celiac disease.
Chestnuts are fresh produce.
Chestnuts are fruit.
Chestnuts are horses.
Chestnuts are ideal as filling for pies, chocolates and ice-cream, in cakes or as stuffing.
Chestnuts are in high demand thoughout the world, chestnuts are a very healthy addition to a diet.
Chestnuts are no longer just roasted by an open fire.
Chestnuts are nuts.
Chestnuts are one of the world's most traded horticultural crops.
Chestnuts are part of chestnuts.
Chestnuts are plants.
Chestnuts are reddish to golden-brown or pure brown.
Chestnuts are small or missing altogether, particularly on the rear legs.
Chestnuts are still quite good if they are able to be dented slightly with thumb pressure.
Chestnuts are the lowest in fat of all nuts.
Chestnuts are trees.
Chestnuts are wood.
Chestnuts break dormancy with the oaks, and are among the last trees to begin their foliage season.
Chestnuts can be palomino,copper or liver colored, with matching or flaxen manes and tails.
Chestnuts compliment vegetables, and are famous in turkey stuffing.
Chestnuts do take a lot of labor to peel.
Chestnuts dry out even at high humidity, so protective packaging is needed.
Chestnuts grow best in full sun on deep, well-drained, loamy soil.
Chestnuts grow well on dry sites.
Chestnuts have (part) kernels.
Chestnuts have (part) sections.
Chestnuts have a nasty habit of clinging to their bitter, tannic inner skins.
Chestnuts have a red body with non-black points.
Most chestnuts consumed in U.S. come from Italy.
Some chestnuts produce gall.
A chetah is a cat
Chetah can take an amazing amount of punishment.
A chevre is cheese
Chevres are excellent dessert cheeses, often served as snacks, or with before dinner drinks.
Chevres make excellent dessert cheeses, served with bread and fruit.
A chevron is an emblem
Chevron begs to differ.
Chevrons are also protrusions, but of much less severity than tabs.
Chevrons are badges.
Chevrons are charge.
Chevrons move from grille to bonnet.
A chevrotain is a ruminant
Chevrotain isa ungulate.
Chevrotains are able to hold their breath for about four minutes.
Chevrotains are small animals found in the forests of tropical Africa and Asia.
Chevrotains are solitary animals, and usually interact only to mate.
Chevrotains are very shy and often graze alone, only coming together to mate.
Chevrotains browse on leaves.
Chevrotains have (part) brains.
Chevrotains have (part) breasts.
Chevrotains have (part) cannon bones.
Chevrotains have (part) cell membranes.
Chevrotains have (part) cells.
Chevrotains have (part) chest cavities.
Chevrotains have (part) chests.
Chevrotains have (part) corpi.
Chevrotains have (part) cytoplasm.
Chevrotains have (part) ears.
Chevrotains have (part) faces.
Chevrotains have (part) heads.
Chevrotains have (part) hip sockets.
Chevrotains have (part) hoofs.
Chevrotains have (part) nuclei.
Chevrotains have (part) piluses.
Chevrotains have (part) plasma membranes.
Chevrotains have (part) rib cages.
Chevrotains have (part) second stomachs.
Chevrotains have (part) sections.
Chevrotains have (part) skulls.
Chevrotains have (part) sterna.
Chevrotains have (part) vacuoles.
Chevrotains have a habit of lying down rump first which is also similar to the behaviour of pigs.
Chevrotains have a reddish coat.
Chevrotains have features.
Chevrotains have many features.
Chevrotains have stocky bodies, strongly arched backs and short, thin legs.
Chevrotains have strategies.
Chevrotains lack antlers but have tusklike upper canine teeth, used by the males for fighting.
Chevrotains look like deer.
Chevrotains occur in areas.
Chevrotains possess chins.
Chevrotains rake sand by hoofs in search of turtle eggs.
Chevrotains rely on water.
Chevrotains willingly eat insects, snails, tadpoles and a carrion.
Most chevrotains browse on leaves.
Most chevrotains have features.
Most chevrotains have many features.
Most chevrotains have strategies.
Most chevrotains look like deer.
Most chevrotains occur in areas.
Most chevrotains rely on water.
Some chevrotains are classified in families.
Some chevrotains belong to families.
Some chevrotains have skin.
Some chevrotains have status.
Some chevrotains have thick skin.
Some chevrotains seek shelter.
Chevy trucks are dependable and long-lasting.
Chevy trucks are tough, like a rock .
Chew bones are good for the teeth and also exercise the jaws.
Some chew gum contains calories.
Chew insects include butterflies.
Chew tobacco has disadvantage.
Chew toys are a good idea, especially for a teething puppy.
Chew is morsels.
Chew is part of eating.
Chews gum slowly as if laconically issuing orders.
Chewa women can also become chiefs, so it is possible that the mask depicts a female chief.
Chewable forms can damage tooth surfaces.
Chewable medications are preferred.
Chewable medications are the most common.
Chewable tablets are a safe bet.
Chewable tablets are easy to give to dogs and cats.
Chewable tablets are fairly inexpensive sources of calcium.
Chewable Tablets See Erythromycin base.
Chewable wafers are available in chocolate or maple nut flavors.
Chewing accomplishes a number of things for a dog.
Chewing allows enzymes and lubricants released in the mouth to further digest food.
Chewing allows enzymes and lubricants released in the mouth to further digest, or break down, food.
Chewing becomes painful and swelling begins in the area just below and in front of the ear.
Chewing can be more difficult and tooth decay becomes more prevalent.
Chewing can be so uncomfortable that they feel fatigued after meals.
Chewing can make tender gums feel better, agree doctors.
Chewing comes naturally to a teething puppy.
Chewing is an action
Chewing is fun, therapeutic, and it helps keep the teeth clean.
Chewing is okay on rawhides and certain toys.
Chewing reduces stress and helps control barking.
Chewing reduces the size of food particles and the saliva moistens food.
Chewing releases mercury from fillings.
Some chewing also occurs on leaf margins.
Chewings fescue adapts the best in regions where the summers are cooler.
Chewings fescue is an upright, bunchtype grass.
Most chi healers send chi to strengthen and remove blockages in the meridians.
Chi- tons are bisexual, but like the limpets are destitute of certain functional organs.
A chi is a letter
Chi isa condition.
CHIS also disclaims any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
CHIS makes no warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, for the service it is providing.
Chianti wines prevail.
Chiari malformation is a defect in the formation of the lower part of the brain and cranium.
Chiari malformation is a rare abnormality from birth.
Chiari malformations are the physical herniation of the cerebellar tonsils out the foramen magnum.
Chiari malformations can occur with other conditions.
Chiari malformations occur in the region where the brain and spinal cord join.
Chiari malformations occur in the region where the brain joins the spinal cord.
Chiari syndrome is named after the man who first described it.
Chiaroscuro watermarks start with a sculpted design.
A chiasmus is a device
Chiasmus is rather typical of Greek and Latin formal poetry as well as prose.
Chiasmus lends itself readily to word-play.
Chiasmus occurs when the order of words is reversed in parallel expressions.
Chiastic rhymes is a descriptive name.
Chiastic shorthand has two major benefits.
Chic people wear vintage clothing.
Chic shops abound, as do a few supermodern hotels.
A chic is elegance
Chics dig it.
Chicago isa thing.
A chicane is a hand
Chicane is the first thing that comes to mind, sweet ambient music.
Chicanery is dissimulation
Chicanery is in.
Chicanery is of course both universal and perennial.
Chicanery is possible there too.
Chichibu mountain is begin from east to west.
Chick embryos are much cheaper to maintain and study than mouse embryos.
Chick flicks are great though.
Most chick mortality occurs within six days after hatching.
Chick peas are an excellent source of protein, fibre, complex carbohydrates, vitamins and minerals.
Chick peas are an excellent source of protein, fibre, complex carbohydrates, vitamins, and minerals.
Chick peas are relatively drought tolerant due to the long tap root.
Chick peas have a slightly nutty flavour and are versatile and cook quickly.
Chick tracts solve that problem.
A chick is a chicken
A chick is a young bird
Chick confirms our worst fears of ignornance and prejudice.
Chick considers four theories on the relationship between cultural complexity and leisure time.
Chick continues to be bruised from time to time.
Chick do now.
Chick equals nigger equals queer.
Chick gives reasons that raises doubt in the reader.
Chick is well known as 'the funniest man on wheels'.
Chick isa animal.
Chick isa beast.
Chick isa chicken.
Chick isa creature.
Chick learns to walk and find food after it is first born to become strong enough to survive.
Chick looks at the relationship through a cross-cultural lens.
Chick loves again.
Chick talks much.
Chick wears prismatic glasses so that everything looks off center.
Chicks acquire the protozoans by pecking at the feces of adults.
Chicks add a pound to their body weight every four or five days.
Chicks also have a call.
Chicks also listen to their parents while inside the eggs.
Chicks also peck at the red spot on their parent's bills in order to stimulate food regurgitation.
Chicks are a light red to tan color with two dark brown bars running down their backs.
Chicks are able to leave the nest on foot after just one day.
Chicks are about two months old when they fledge.
Chicks are also capable of flight.
Chicks are altricial , or helpless at birth.
Chicks are altricial and are fed by regurgitation.
Chicks are altricial, or helpless at birth.
Chicks are born altricial , therefore they are blind, naked and completely vulnerable.
Chicks are born with a spiky, greyish-brown down.
Chicks are born with a white downy coat and pink skin.
Chicks are born with their eyes closed and their skin is mostly pink in color.
Chicks are brooded by the adults for the first ten days after hatching.
Chicks are brooded for thirty days, they stay with their parents for almost a year.
Chicks are brooded in the nest in cold or wet weather.
Chicks are brown and white with bluish beaks.
Chicks are buffy brown, with brown olive back and greenish wings.
Chicks are chickens.
Chicks are covered with black down when they hatch.
Chicks are cream in color with brown longitudinal stripes and dark dots on head.
Chicks are dark and spotted, while the females are white with spots on their wings.
Chicks are dark brown on top of the body and yellow underneath.
Chicks are dependent on the adults for several days after fledging.
Chicks are downy when first hatched.
Chicks are easy to hand rear and it is usually quite successful.
Chicks are easy to raise in the brooder.
Chicks are easy to raise.
Chicks are especially prone to swallow whatever they see, whch can lead to impaction or injury.
Chicks are exactly like that.
Chicks are expensive too.
Chicks are fairly easy to rear, once it is clear just what they require to live and grow.
Chicks are fed almost entirely on tiny fish.
Chicks are fed animal matter almost exclusively.
Chicks are fed bits of prey brought to the nest by the male.
Chicks are fed by both parents on food similar to the adult diet.
Chicks are fed by both parents, who make sure each chick receives enough to eat.
Chicks are fed by regurgitated plant matter that is oesophageal secretions.
Chicks are good thermometers.
Chicks are gray or white when hatched.
Chicks are hatched with a coat of natal down.
Chicks are hatchlings from the moment they emerge from the egg.
Chicks are helpless when they hatch, but grow rapidly.
Chicks are hot, but jailbait.
Chicks are like human precocious at birth because they hear and see immediately after hatching.
Chicks are listless and sit in a hunched position.
Chicks are located in swimming pools.
Chicks are nearly a solid buff with some gray blotches.
Chicks are part of chickens.
Chicks are precocial and can feed themselves within a few hours of hatching.
Chicks are precocial, able to leave the nest a few hours after hatching.
Chicks are prone to toe picking.
Chicks are ready to fend for themselves at about four months.
Chicks are real nice.
Chicks are semiprecocial at hatching, with gray and black down and open eyes.
Chicks are semi-precocial meaning they can leave the nest immediately and swim on their own.
Chicks are still incredibly vulnerable to threats until they are able to fly.
Chicks are susceptible to nutritional problems and pneumonia unless kept well fed, warm, and dry.
Chicks are taken out of the aviary three weeks after fledging.
Chicks are totally dependent on their father for food and protection.
Chicks are usually a light yellow to brown color.
Chicks are very delicate and extremely difficult to raise.
Chicks are very fluffy.
Chicks are wet and mushy if too much humidity is in the incubator.
Chicks are white and downy with a black bill and a black, bald crown.
Chicks are whitish until acquiring brown adult plumage.
Chicks are wide-eyed with fluffy, black feathering.
Chicks are young animals.
Chicks are young birds.
Chicks become adults when they are able to breed.
Chicks become birds.
Chicks become chickens.
Chicks become listless, stop eating and drinking and die.
Chicks become mobile after a few days.
Chicks become parents.
Chicks begin feeding themselves early-on.
Chicks begin to grow feathers when they are two weeks old.
Chicks can be hand-fed by using a crop tube, crop needle or a bent spoon.
Chicks can be so retarded sometimes.
Chicks can die from being too cold, especially during the first or second night.
Chicks can have sex anytime they want.
Chicks can leave the nest and feed themselves within hours of hatching.
Chicks can range outside on warm, sunny days, but only if clean range is available.
Chicks can ride on the backs of their parents or under their wings.
Chicks can run and capture their own food soon after hatching.
Chicks can survive on their own by about two months of age.
Chicks can swim as soon as they hatch.
Chicks can take longer to feather up than some other breeds.
Chicks can usually feed themselves two to eight weeks after they begin flying.
Chicks can walk as soon as they have hatched.
Chicks catch worms.
Chicks cause problems.
Chicks close eyes.
Chicks communicate by making noises too.
Chicks compete with each other for food and parental care during early development.
Chicks Cut large chicks out of fingerpaint paper.
Chicks dig 'em.
Chicks dig it.
Chicks dig the big cases.
Chicks dig the car.
Chicks dig the long ball.
Chicks dig the longball.
Chicks dig the squealing tires.
Chicks digest food.
Chicks do dig the long ball.
Chicks eat food.
Chicks eat meals.
Chicks eat mostly fish.
Chicks eat worms.
Chicks extend necks.
Chicks feed largely on arthropods.
Chicks find food.
Chicks find mates.
Chicks first occur by poking a small hole in the egg.
Chicks fledge at about two months.
Chicks fledge at one month.
Chicks fledge in about eight weeks.
Chicks fly soon after hatching, but stay with their mothers and siblings for ten to twelve weeks.
Chicks fly well on first emergence from nest, never returning.
Chicks follow parents until they can find their own food.
Chicks forage for food.
Chicks gain strength.
Chicks gain weight.
Chicks generally hatch two days apart, with the oldest chicks getting the most food.
Chicks get air.
Chicks get diets.
Chicks get food.
Chicks get high protein diets.
Chicks get protein diets.
Chicks give out loud, harsh and repeated krack calls.
Chicks go peep peep .
Chicks grow feathers.
Chicks grow quickly.
Chicks grow rapidly.
Chicks grow slowly at first, more rapidly in late spring.
Chicks hatch naked and are fed by both parents.
Chicks hatch naked and blind and can be fed while lying on their backs.
Chicks hatch naked, but their down grows rapidly.
Chicks hatch out in about two weeks and are fed a mixture of seeds and insects.
Chicks hatch out light buff in color.
Chicks hatch out yellow, but, unlike the whites, show some buff coloring in their flight feathers.
Chicks hate it.
Chicks have (part) air sacs.
Chicks have (part) bird's feet.
Chicks have (part) bone cells.
Chicks have (part) brains.
Chicks have (part) breasts.
Chicks have (part) chest cavities.
Chicks have (part) chests.
Chicks have (part) chicken wings.
Chicks have (part) corpi.
Chicks have (part) ears.
Chicks have (part) faces.
Chicks have (part) flight feathers.
Chicks have (part) ground substances.
Chicks have (part) heads.
Chicks have (part) lips.
Chicks have (part) marrow.
Chicks have (part) mast cells.
Chicks have (part) mouths.
Chicks have (part) quill feathers.
Chicks have (part) rib cages.
Chicks have (part) second joints.
Chicks have (part) sections.
Chicks have (part) skulls.
Chicks have (part) sterna.
Chicks have (part) talons.
Chicks have (part) wishbones.
Chicks have a high survival rate because the breeding site has very few land predators.
Chicks have a high-pitched beep that develops into adult vocalization close to time of fledging.
Chicks have a patch of white on the forehead which increases in size as the bird matures.
Chicks have an anatomical particularity.
Chicks have better chances.
Chicks have big problems.
Chicks have bills.
Chicks have blood.
Chicks have brown grey backs and white fronts.
Chicks have chances.
Chicks have dark eyes.
Chicks have difficulty walking on hay.
Chicks have distinctive grey and black plumage.
Chicks have distinctive plumages.
Chicks have downy plumages.
Chicks have eyes.
Chicks have faces.
Chicks have feathers.
Chicks have features.
Chicks have food.
Chicks have gray backs and white fronts.
Chicks have gray plumages.
Chicks have grey backs and white fronts.
Chicks have grey backs with white fronts.
Chicks have heads.
Chicks have legs.
Chicks have life.
Chicks have mortality.
Chicks have plumages.
Chicks have problems.
Chicks have skin.
Chicks have the distinctive long legs of the adults.
Chicks have the tendacy to be difficult eaters.
Chicks have uniform grey black feathers.
Chicks have uniform grey black plumage.
Chicks have vestigial claws on their wings, which they lose when they grow older.
Chicks have white plumages.
Chicks have wings.
Chicks here are strange.
Chicks initially eat insects and gradually switch to vegetation over the summer.
Chicks keep close to their parents while feeding.
Chicks lack an egg tooth at hatching and kick their way out of the egg.
Chicks learn from their parents how to fly and find food.
Chicks learn the colours quickly and accurately.
Chicks leave the nest and begin to feed soon after hatching.
Chicks leave the nest at four or five weeks.
Chicks leave the nest four to five weeks after hatching.
Chicks leave the nest when only three to four weeks old, long before they can fly.
Chicks lift wings.
Chicks live off a diet of flying fish eggs and squid oil, a product that is rich in fat.
Chicks live to adulthood.
Chicks lose feathers.
Chicks lose their egg tooth within a few days of hatching.
Chicks love good pot pie.
Chicks love that shit.
Chicks love the car.
Chicks love the gear.
Chicks make a lot of hay.
Chicks make problems.
Chicks melt over blue.
Chicks move, and that movement is fascinating to cats and dogs alike.
Chicks need care.
Chicks need extra care.
Chicks need food.
Chicks never have to lower their standards.
Chicks offers boat charters along the unique Maine coastline.
Chicks open eyes.
Chicks play by chasing or tugging on objects.
Chicks possess black down, except on the head, neck and throat, where the down is reddish-orange.
Chicks possess feathers.
Chicks reach adult size.
Chicks reach adulthood.
Chicks reach ages.
Chicks reach maturity.
Chicks reach sexual maturity.
Chicks reach size.
Chicks really dig amateur astronomers.
Chicks recognize the call of their parents returning with food and are never fed by any other.
Chicks recognize the 'voice' of their parents from a very young age.
Chicks remain in the nest for up to eight weeks, during which time their bills develop.
Chicks remain with mothers.
Chicks remain with their parents for up to three months, until they are able to fly.
Chicks require a high-protein diet for rapid growth and for the development of flight feathers.
Chicks require care.
Chicks require energy.
Chicks require food.
Chicks require high levels of minerals for proper bone formation and development.
Chicks require parental care.
Chicks say no because sex is fun .
Chicks show exponential growth.
Chicks show growth.
Chicks sound off.
Chicks stand on their mothers feet until they are eight weeks old.
Chicks start eating on their own almost immediately after fledgling.
Chicks start fighting when they are only a few weeks old.
Chicks stay clean.
Chicks stay in the aerie six to seven weeks after hatching.
Chicks stay with parents.
Chicks stay with the hen for at least six weeks, dining mostly on nutritious insects.
Chicks stay with their parents for about two months.
Chicks stay with their parents until they have grown a waterproof set of feathers.
Chicks stimulate feeding by touching the parent's bill.
Chicks survive time.
Chicks survive to adulthood.
Chicks survive to maturity.
Chicks swim as soon as they hatch and can fly within three months.
Chicks take first flight.
Chicks take five years to develop full adult plumage.
Chicks take flight.
Chicks take food.
Chicks then form into creches with both parents bringing food.
Chicks think eating outside is romance.
Chicks totally dig that.
Chicks use a tooth call a eggtooth to get out of the shell.
Chicks use lungs.
Chicks weigh ounces.
Chicks always go for guys who got burned up saving babies.
Chicks always side with the guys.
Chicks often drown in water containers such as dishes.
Chicks often peep to indicate that they want food.
Chicks often place their relationships above everything else in their lives.
Chicks sometimes die in the shell or hatch in a very week state only to die within hours.
Chicks sometimes have to be taught to eat and drink.
Chicks usually fledge in about seven weeks.
All chicks are alive and well in spite of the odds.
All chicks are closed banded.
All chicks grow early feathers, which last during their adolescence.
Every chick bounces a check once in a while.
Many chicks fall off unprotected edges as they run after a parent that leaves to get food.
More chicks are able to survive when the marshes are full of water.
Most chicks are altricial.
Most chicks are brown.
Most chicks are killed by predators in the first six months of their life.
Most chicks become birds.
Most chicks become chickens.
Most chicks become parents.
Most chicks eat food.
Most chicks eat worms.
Most chicks extend necks.
Most chicks find food.
Most chicks find mates.
Most chicks gain strength.
Most chicks gain weight.
Most chicks get air.
Most chicks get diets.
Most chicks get food.
Most chicks get high protein diets.
Most chicks get protein diets.
Most chicks grow feathers.
Most chicks have a dark, mahogany shade when they are hatched.
Most chicks have better chances.
Most chicks have big problems.
Most chicks have bills.
Most chicks have blood.
Most chicks have chances.
Most chicks have dark eyes.
Most chicks have distinctive plumages.
Most chicks have downy plumages.
Most chicks have eyes.
Most chicks have feathers.
Most chicks have features.
Most chicks have food.
Most chicks have gray plumages.
Most chicks have heads.
Most chicks have legs.
Most chicks have life.
Most chicks have mortality.
Most chicks have plumages.
Most chicks have problems.
Most chicks have skin.
Most chicks have white plumages.
Most chicks have wings.
Most chicks live to adulthood.
Most chicks lose feathers.
Most chicks make problems.
Most chicks reach adult size.
Most chicks reach adulthood.
Most chicks reach ages.
Most chicks reach maturity.
Most chicks reach sexual maturity.
Most chicks reach size.
Most chicks remain with mothers.
Most chicks require care.
Most chicks require energy.
Most chicks require food.
Most chicks require parental care.
Most chicks show exponential growth.
Most chicks stay with parents.
Most chicks survive to adulthood.
Most chicks survive to maturity.
Most chicks take first flight.
Most chicks take flight.
Most chicks take food.
Most chicks use lungs.
Most chicks weigh ounces.
Some chick seems to be getting the stigmata.
Some chicks are white with black feathers mixed with white or yellow.
Some chicks avoid predators.
Some chicks become fathers.
Some chicks die from bacterial infection.
Some chicks die from infection.
Some chicks die from starvation.
Some chicks die of starvation.
Some chicks eat aquatic insects.
Some chicks eat insect wasps.
Some chicks eat insects.
Some chicks eat wasps.
Some chicks feed on fish.
Some chicks feed on whole fish.
Some chicks find luck.
Some chicks get bands.
Some chicks get bird cages.
Some chicks get cages.
Some chicks get so worked up that they flip themselves over.
Some chicks get wind.
Some chicks go to college expecting to study, socialize and maybe meet the man of their dreams.
Some chicks have amounts.
Some chicks have certain limitations.
Some chicks have conversions.
Some chicks have crops.
Some chicks have danger.
Some chicks have defects.
Some chicks have egg teeth.
Some chicks have fear.
Some chicks have high feed conversions.
Some chicks have limitations.
Some chicks have ovaries.
Some chicks have strength.
Some chicks have stripes.
Some chicks have teeth.
Some chicks join chicks.
Some chicks join flamingos.
Some chicks just suck ass.
Some chicks leave breed colonies.
Some chicks leave colonies.
Some chicks live longer but fail to thrive.
Some chicks lose appearances.
Some chicks lose colorful appearances.
Some chicks lose heat.
Some chicks lose weight.
Some chicks make sound.
Some chicks produce heat.
Some chicks regurgitate food.
Some chicks remain with natural parents.
Some chicks remain with parents.
Some chicks require considerable skills.
Some chicks require fuel.
Some chicks require skills.
Some chicks return to colonies.
Some chicks show expression.
Some chicks survive birthdays.
Some chicks survive winter.
Some chicks take up residences.
Some chicks think it's a stupid idea.
Some chicks use egg teeth.
Some chicks use same types.
Some chicks use teeth.
Some chicks use types.
Some chicks wear t-backs while tanning others go topless.
Chickadee eggs are about the size of a tiny fingernail and white, delicately flecked with brown.
Chickadee fans call their bird winsome and friendly.
Chickadee gate is usually open.
A chickadee is a tit
Chickadees also eat suet from feeding stations and fat from dead animals.
Chickadees also use bird boxes.
Chickadees appear to have a talent for finding bird feeders.
Chickadees are a constant visitor to feeding stations, often feeding upside down.
Chickadees are also leaders.
Chickadees are another common bird in Oregon, and are easily attracted to feeders and bird houses.
Chickadees are birds.
Chickadees are frequent visitors to feeders.
Chickadees are happy birds, It seems it is natures way.
Chickadees are now more numerous and common at the feeders.
Chickadees are of considerable value to humans.
Chickadees are often among the most active and vocal of mobbing species.
Chickadees are small, personable, hardy birds.
Chickadees are some of the most familiar birds that visit feeders.
Chickadees are year-round residents over most of their range.
Chickadees build their nests by hollowing out cavities in rotting stumps or dead trees.
Chickadees consume numerous farm and garden pests.
Chickadees don' t seem to mind the winter months.
Chickadees enjoy sunflower seeds.
Chickadees have a complex social system with two extremes.
Chickadees have a fantastic memory.
Chickadees have an interesting social structure in their lives.
Chickadees join other birds to chase away common enemies like crows and owls.
Chickadees like to nest near bushes or shrubs.
Chickadees live in family groups of five to nine members.
Chickadees look for tree holes, either natural or made by woodpeckers, for their nests.
Chickadees love over-wintering aphids.
Chickadees make their home in wooded areas and eat mainly seeds and tiny berries.
Chickadees mate for life.
Chickadees nest in cavities excavated by woodpeckers.
Chickadees nest in cavities.
Chickadees prefer split-log nest boxes.
Chickadees prefer wooded areas.
Chickadees relish sunflower seed and tree nuts.
Chickadees respond readily to birdfeeders.
Chickadees usually consider one new family a year is ample.
Chickadees usually reserve green moss and palm tree fuzz for their nesting material.
A chicken breast is an affliction
Chicken breasts are a good choice because they are low in fat.
Chicken breasts are a good choice, since they are low in fat.
Chicken breasts are very versatile.
Chicken breasts are white meat.
A chicken broth is stock
Chicken broth can be low sodium as well as the soy sauce.
Chicken broth can marinate chicken to give it extra flavor.
Chicken broth comes with a choice of rice, noodles or matzoh balls.
Chicken broth is easy to find in a low sodium form.
Chicken broth is stock, wine works almost everywhere.
Chicken broth seems to be a truly time tested remedy.
Chicken broths are broths.
Chicken broths have flavor.
Most chicken broths have flavor.
Chicken dishes are also available.
Chicken dishes are very tasty.
Chicken dishes come roasted, plain, in various sauces, with a variety of vegetables and herbs.
Chicken eggs are common examples.
Chicken eggs are eggs.
Chicken eggs are multi-cellular organisms.
Chicken eggs are plentiful, inexpensive and extraordinarily convenient.
Chicken eggs have hard shells.
Chicken eggs provide scale.
Chicken eggs range in color from white to pale brown and other pale colors.
All chicken eggs are good to eat.
A chicken farm is a farm
Chicken farms dominate the countryside.
Chicken farms have chicks.
Most chicken farms have chicks.
Chicken feed consists primarily of corn and soybean with a lessor amount of wheat.
Chicken feed is mash
Chicken feed is the primary diet for our crickets.
Chicken food has different nutritional values that are suited more for chickens.
Some chicken food is used as the bait.
Chicken feet bear powerful claws worthy of any small dinosaur, and they are covered with scales .
Chicken houses are computer-operated, so the birds and their environment are a big investment.
Chicken houses boast computers that control fans and curtains to regulate temperature.
Chicken jockeys follow rules.
Chicken jokes are funny too.
A chicken leg is a drumstick
Chicken legs are higher in fat.
A chicken liver is a liver
Chicken livers are good broiled, folded into omelets, or chopped and made into a spread.
Chicken livers make a good bait.
Chicken manure can give daylilies a quick boost and aids greatly in making fibrous roots.
Chicken manure has the highest nutritive value and buffalo manure the lowest.
Chicken manure is a dandy source of - manure.
Chicken manure is collected and stored for use as fertilizer on crop land.
Chicken manure is extremely rich in nitrogen which is needed in all plant life.
Chicken manure is great for the garden.
Chicken manure is manure
Chicken manure is manure.
Chicken manure is the best thang to use for fertilizin' corn.
Chicken manure is used as fertilizer.
Chicken meat is sold as fresh and frozen whole birds or cut up into breasts, halves, and drumsticks.
Chicken mites are small and grey or yellow in color, but darken after filling with blood.
Chicken mites hide in cracks.
Most chicken mites feed at night and spend the day in cracks around roosts, nests and walls.
Most chicken mites hide in cracks.
Some chicken mites survive several months.
Chicken necks are a good bait for crab traps.
Chicken nuggets are always a treat for the young and the young at heart.
Chicken nuggets are unwholesome, unhappy, and unhealthy products.
Chicken paws are the foot portion only.
Chicken pox can be a lot more than an annoying rash.
Chicken pox can be dangerous to a small percentage of children.
Chicken pox can be fatal to some of our children.
Chicken pox can be serious and even deadly.
Chicken pox spreads through suburbia.
A chicken run is a yard
Chicken run is decidedly British.
Chicken run is well made, funny and it has a pretty good ending.
A chicken sandwich is a sandwich
Chicken sandwiches are great, too.
All chicken sandwiches have Irish fries.
A chicken scratch is a hand
Chicken scratch is elevated by being placed within the organizing frame of word processing fonts.
Chicken scratch is worked on gingham check it resembles crossstitch.
Chicken skin is high in fat.
Chicken soup appears to have ingredients that fight the common cold.
Chicken soup can help clear mucus.
Chicken soup can help relieve cold symptoms.
Chicken soup counters the immune cells that cause the inflammation.
Chicken soup does help the symptoms.
Chicken soup does, indeed, help congestion and aches.
Chicken soup helps to decrease congestion.
Chicken soup inhibits neutrophil chemotaxis in vitro.
Chicken soup is a good hot liquid to sooth and hydrate, but it has no special curative effects.
Chicken soup is a popular kosher dish.
Chicken soup is an excellent home remedy for colds and flu.
Chicken soup is bold and fresh with big pieces of chiken, carrot and potato.
Chicken soup is even more effective than hot or cold water in moving mucous.
Chicken soup is for more than the winter blahs.
Chicken soup is good for the cold.
Chicken soup is good, but garlic is even better for fighting of colds.
Chicken soup is good.
Chicken soup is probably the best therapy there is for a cold.
Chicken soup is recommended as a treatment for the common cold.
Chicken soup is reputed to cure the sick but is equally recommended to the healthy.
Chicken soup is so soothing and most people love it, even children.
Chicken soup is soup
Chicken soup is soup.
Chicken soup is such a common suggestion for colds it has become a standard for jokes.
Chicken soup is tasty and refreshing, and the special flavour makes it a special dish in a banquet.
Chicken soup is wonderful.
Chicken soup thins the mucous in the lungs, making the mucous easier to expel.
Chicken soup works wonders for easing flu symptoms.
Some chicken soup has properties.
Chicken tenders are a favorite.
Chicken turtles are very different.
A chicken wing is a wing
Chicken wings are a great party food.
Chicken wings are a local favourite.
Chicken wings are good.
Chicken wings are part of chickens.
Chicken wings are white meat, for example, but they are high in fat.
Chicken wings are wings.
Chicken wings contain less fat, which means clearer, more clarified consume'.
Some chicken wings are part of chickens.
Some chicken wings are part of chicks.
Some chicken wings are part of cockerels.
Some chicken wings are part of hens.
Some chicken wings are part of roosters.
A chicken is a poultry
Chicken arrives with an unconventional mole of tomatillos, roasted pumpkin seeds, and cilantro.
Chicken breasts that is.
Chicken chunks with sesame seeds.
Chicken contains artery- clogging saturated fat.
Chicken contains cysteine, an amino acid that relieves mucus buildup and a scratchy throat.
Chicken contains sizable quantities of heterocyclic amines, carcinogens that form as meat cooks.
Chicken continues to cook after the oven is turned off.
Chicken crates, with solid bottoms, also work well.
Chicken dishes the weakest.
Chicken enchiladas with green chile sauce.
Chicken enchiladas, salad with a gaaaaahlic vinaigrette, and some vino.
Chicken footprints all over the board.
Chicken go crossing road.
Chicken houses the size of football fields.
Chicken isa fowl.
Chicken laying mash or dry dog food is excellent feed for raising crickets.
Chicken melt plate.
Chicken mites feed at night.
Chicken satay with a bright cucumber salad and addictive peanut sauce is particularly fine.
Chicken satay with spicy peanut sauce.
Chicken stays moist because the cooking is so quick.
Chicken suffer high temperature because the feather coverage hinders internal heat dissipation.
Chicken tastes best in a sandwich with lettuce and tomatoes.
Chicken tastes like chicken anywhere only better and it's the least expensive meat on the menu.
Chicken tastes surprisingly like cat.
Chicken tends to be cheaper and easier to obtain, plus beef is much fattier and richer.
Chicken tends to be scrawny and tough in Indonesia, but at least it has flavor.
Chickens actively walk, run, and fly to perches.
Chickens adapt to lower temperatures over time.
Chickens also appreciate kitchen scraps.
Chickens also produce eggs that are an excellent source of protein.
Chickens also produce eggs which serve as a source of protein and are used in baking.
Chickens also suffer from the misfortunes of their owners or growers.
Chickens anyway are exempt from the current ban on the movement of livestock.
Chickens appear to wander around aimlessly, and usually swim in water.
Chickens are a favorite food source.
Chickens are a Key West fixture too.
Chickens are a lot of fun.
Chickens are a multi-billion dollar industry in the United States, nothing to cluck at.
Chickens are a relatively new phenomenon in our house.
Chickens are a type of grouse that live in North American grasslands.
Chickens are a wonderful way to help get reconnected with reality.
Chickens are about the easiest farm animal to keep.
Chickens are actually very dirty birds . . .
Chickens are adapted to life in a henhouse just as giraffes are adapted to life in the grasslands.
Chickens are afraid to commit, or to lose even a single cent.
Chickens are also a permanent population, in their coop by the side of the barn.
Chickens are also sensitive to ammonia.
Chickens are also susceptible to uraemia, a disease caused by the infectious bronchitis virus.
Chickens are also symbolic of people.
Chickens are animals.
Chickens are attacked by wild ocelots .
Chickens are available through the mail.
Chickens are big-time because they have wings.
Chickens are birds.
Chickens are bred for their met or egg producing capabilities.
Chickens are brown.
Chickens are cannibalistic, as are carnivores.
Chickens are capable of food.
Chickens are capable of pets.
Chickens are certainly no exception.
Chickens are cheap and common, so they are ideal for the bird test.
Chickens are cheap, too.
Chickens are community animals with a certain social structure.
Chickens are contests.
Chickens are domestic or farm birds.
Chickens are domesticated around the world.
Chickens are egg-laying birds.
Chickens are everywhere on Guam.
Chickens are evil cannibals who readaly attack humans.
Chickens are extremely susceptible to diseases.
Chickens are fair game.
Chickens are fascinating creatures.
Chickens are food.
Chickens are free range and veggie fed.
Chickens are free to roam, but usually prefer to stay in one area.
Chickens are fun.
Chickens are generally tough, well-aged hens from the farmyard, and appreciated as such.
Chickens are great companions.
Chickens are gregarious birds and live together in flocks .
Chickens are gregarious birds and tend to flock together.
Chickens are important but more work is needed to integrate the chickens into the gardens.
Chickens are inside pens.
Chickens are inveterate scratchers.
Chickens are just as deserving of our respect and compassion as are all other animals.
Chickens are like the general village population whose behaviours are on public display.
Chickens are little poop factories so the wood shavings really help with that.
Chickens are located at farms.
Chickens are located at habitats.
Chickens are located in farms.
Chickens are located in freezers.
Chickens are located in ovens.
Chickens are located in pizzas.
Chickens are located in plates.
Chickens are located on farms.
Chickens are located on habitats.
Chickens are mean.
Chickens are meant to spend their days foraging for food and scratching in the dirt.
Chickens are meat.
Chickens are misled into believing there is a road by the evil tire makers.
Chickens are misled into believing there is a road by the evil tiremakers.
Chickens are much less susceptible than turkeys.
Chickens are no longer the chickens our grandparents knew.
Chickens are of lower intelligence in comparison to other fowl of similar physiology.
Chickens are omnivores .
Chickens are omnivores, eating insects and seeds.
Chickens are omnivores.
Chickens are one of man's closest domesticated friends.
Chickens are one of the most common and widespread domestic animals .
Chickens are our gardeners.
Chickens are part of chickens.
Chickens are peculiar creatures.
Chickens are polygamous, but certain males and females selectively mate regularly.
Chickens are poultries.
Chickens are pretty smart.
Chickens are production animals and so demand a nutrition-dense diet.
Chickens are raised at home and even on poultry farms in large numbers.
Chickens are raised mostly for their eggs and meat, but chickens also make good pets.
Chickens are relatively resistant.
Chickens are resistant to both natural and experimental infection.
Chickens are sensitive and intelligent birds.
Chickens are smart, too, in their own way.
Chickens are so special.
Chickens are sociable, intelligent animals.
Chickens are software.
Chickens are subject to a large number of diseases and parasites.
Chickens are susceptible to the virus.
Chickens are the most common animal used.
Chickens are the most practical method of control.
Chickens are the ticket, there is no doubt about it.
Chickens are to be seen everywhere - scavenging in the latrines, or messing in the houses.
Chickens are tropical creatures.
Chickens are very good at disguising illness and death can come notoriously suddenly.
Chickens are well known for their eggs .
Chickens are well known for their eggs.
Chickens are white meat.
Chickens attract predators.
Chickens avoid open meadows and prefer the undergrowth where they are safer.
Chickens avoid predators.
Chickens bleed, hurt and cry just like other creatures.
Chickens breed with seeds.
Chickens build flying machine.
Chickens burst through their crates, clucking and pecking in all directions.
Chickens can carry and become ill from a variety of infectious diseases.
Chickens can handle quite a variety and handle it well.
Chickens can have a long life expectancy.
Chickens can help keep tick populations down.
Chickens can live a lot longer with good care and a little luck than most people realize.
Chickens can make loving and gentle companion animals, but can sometimes become aggressive.
Chickens can molt for as long as a couple months.
Chickens can secure both types at the similar time.
Chickens can sometimes be noisy animals.
Chickens can spread the virus to horses if mosquitoes bite infected chickens and then bite horses.
Chickens can t swallow while they are upside-down.
Chickens can tolerate a cold environment much better than a hot one.
Chickens can tolerate with cold weather better than hot.
Chickens carry bacteria.
Chickens carry diseases.
Chickens carry genes.
Chickens carry viruses.
Chickens cause eggs.
Chickens chasing people, now that's a story.
Chickens chew wheat.
Chickens come from eggs.
Chickens come from farms.
Chickens Come Home , prod.
Chickens come home to roost.
Chickens come in all shapes, sizes and colours with something to please the fussiest person.
Chickens come poised precariously in wide covered baskets on the backs of bicycles.
Chickens communicate big time.
Chickens communicate by voice and gestures.
Chickens communicate on many levels, through vocalizing and even body language.
Chickens comprise some of the thousands of artificial breeds that humans have created.
Chickens create a lot of moisture from their respirations.
Chickens create litter and litter creates odors.
Chickens cross boundaries.
Chickens cross fields.
Chickens cross roads.
Chickens crow and there is a rich smell of home produce.
Chickens depend on enzymes to aid in breaking down food so it can be absorbed, much like humans.
Chickens descend from junglefowl, which are native to South Asia.
Chickens develop necks.
Chickens die after eating sprayed areas.
Chickens do better when they roost at night up off the ground.
Chickens do have sex.
Chickens do it a lot better.
Chickens don t go into the henhouse if they know they are going to get eaten alive by the fox.
Chickens dot the street, pecking at the dirt, a dead mouse, and the edges of the sewer ditch.
Chickens eat cereal grass.
Chickens eat corn.
Chickens eat every bug in sight.
Chickens eat food.
Chickens eat grain.
Chickens eat grass.
Chickens eat grower or layer mash that contains a mixture of corn, wheat and soybeans.
Chickens eat insects.
Chickens eat many different food.
Chickens eat plant food.
Chickens eat plants and insects and worms.
Chickens eat rice.
Chickens eat worms, insects, seeds, grains, snails, slugs, fruits, vegetables and many other foods.
Chickens eat worms.
Chickens eating moldy grain get a mold infection of their air sacs.
Chickens enjoy crowing day and night.
Chickens enjoy the security under the cover of tall or dense vegetation.
Chickens exhibit development.
Chickens exhibit legs.
Chickens exhibit various traits affected by pleiotropic genes.
Chickens fall into several classifications.
Chickens farmed for eggs are called egg-laying hens.
Chickens farmed for meat are called broiler chickens.
Chickens feed families.
Chickens form strong family ties.
Chickens get a disease called Rous sarcoma, which causes tumors.
Chickens get regular check-ups by inspectors to make certain they are clean and healthy.
Chickens get spookier.
Chickens give birth to chicks.
Chickens grow extremely quickly and only stay small for about a week.
Chickens has-part bones.
Chickens has-part gizzards.
Chickens has-part glands.
Chickens has-part legs.
Chickens has-part limbs.
Chickens has-part skin.
Chickens has-part stomachs.
Chickens has-part throats.
Chickens have (part) air sacs.
Chickens have (part) bird's feet.
Chickens have (part) brains.
Chickens have (part) breasts.
Chickens have (part) cell membranes.
Chickens have (part) cells.
Chickens have (part) chest cavities.
Chickens have (part) chests.
Chickens have (part) chicken wings.
Chickens have (part) corpi.
Chickens have (part) cytoplasm.
Chickens have (part) ears.
Chickens have (part) faces.
Chickens have (part) flight feathers.
Chickens have (part) heads.
Chickens have (part) lips.
Chickens have (part) mouths.
Chickens have (part) nuclei.
Chickens have (part) plasma membranes.
Chickens have (part) quill feathers.
Chickens have (part) rib cages.
Chickens have (part) second joints.
Chickens have (part) sections.
Chickens have (part) skulls.
Chickens have (part) sterna.
Chickens have (part) talons.
Chickens have (part) vacuoles.
Chickens have (part) wishbones.
Chickens have a communal approach to the incubation of eggs and raising of young.
Chickens have a desire to roost.
Chickens have a great usefulness to humans.
Chickens have a hexapeptide repeat instead of an octapeptide but align fairly well later.
Chickens have a normal heartbeat, body temperature, and breathing rate.
Chickens have a varied diet.
Chickens have baby chickens.
Chickens have brains.
Chickens have cannibalistic tendencies.
Chickens have claws.
Chickens have clean water.
Chickens have comparatively short life spans.
Chickens have difficulty.
Chickens have excellent vision.
Chickens have extremely complex lung and respiratory systems.
Chickens have fathers and mothers just as people do.
Chickens have feathers.
Chickens have feathers.
Chickens have foots.
Chickens have free reign over land.
Chickens have genes for teeth.
Chickens have habitats.
Chickens have heads.
Chickens have hearts.
Chickens have impressive lifespans.
Chickens have individual tastes and preferences that change over time, just like people.
Chickens have interactive emotional states similar to humans.
Chickens have lean meat.
Chickens have lifespans.
Chickens have lower live weight.
Chickens have many proteins.
Chickens have meat.
Chickens have natural habitats.
Chickens have offspring.
Chickens have organs.
Chickens have proteins in their eggs that function as enzymes.
Chickens have swell heads.
Chickens have their pecking order.
Chickens have their teeth in their gizzards and chew their food there.
Chickens have to force the air out.
Chickens have to have shots and medication.
Chickens have two copies of every gene except for sex-linked genes where females have only one.
Chickens have two legs and walk upright.
Chickens have water.
Chickens have weight.
Chickens have white meat.
Chickens hear sound.
Chickens initially approach the water because they are attracted to some physical aspect of it.
Chickens keep very clean by taking baths in the dust.
Chickens knows when it's gwyne to rain, en so do de birds, chile.
Chickens lay eggs.
Chickens lift heads.
Chickens like to be in their favorite roost at night.
Chickens like to eat eggs, even their own.
Chickens like to scratch in the soil and catch bugs, so a pen with grass is preferred.
Chickens live for months.
Chickens live in environments.
Chickens live in farms.
Chickens live on farms.
Chickens loose their social structure when the flock is too much bigger.
Chickens love eating bugs and such.
Chickens love fresh treats.
Chickens love the cover provided by trees and shrubs.
Chickens love to roost on poles or branches when they're resting.
Chickens love watermelon.
Chickens make different sound to convey warning about a ground predator vs. an aerial predator.
Chickens make eggs.
Chickens make manure.
Chickens make waste.
Chickens move heads.
Chickens naturally peck at each other to establish a pecking order.
Chickens naturally scratch looking for worms and insects in a compost pile.
Chickens need diets.
Chickens need special diets.
Chickens need sunlight.
Chickens normally moult once a year.
Chickens offer a way out.
Chickens only fall asleep in their familiar group.
Chickens pay the bills.
Chickens peck and scratch.
Chickens peck first and never consider the consequences.
Chickens possess bodies.
Chickens possess feathers.
Chickens possess food.
Chickens possess genomes.
Chickens possess parasites.
Chickens preen on their own, but they prefer to do it as a group activity.
Chickens prefer a quick get away to doing needle work.
Chickens prefer diverse vegetation.
Chickens prefer vegetation.
Chickens produce enough raw compost on their own with clean litter.
Chickens produce fresh eggs every morning for breakfast omelets and cakes.
Chickens provide eggs for the family.
Chickens provide eggs.
Chickens provide food.
Chickens provide meals.
Chickens provide meat.
Chickens provide protein, fat and minerals.
Chickens raise families.
Chickens reach market size.
Chickens reach maturity.
Chickens reach sexual maturity.
Chickens reach size.
Chickens receive corn.
Chickens receive fat food.
Chickens receive food.
Chickens receive meals.
Chickens receive seeds.
Chickens release eggs.
Chickens require dry, draft-free shelter.
Chickens require environments.
Chickens require heads.
Chickens require light, warmth, and shelter from wind and drafts.
Chickens require only a one month immunization regimen to obtain high titers of polyclonal antibody.
Chickens require shelter.
Chickens roam farms.
Chickens roam freely about the farm.
Chickens roam freely and supply free-range eggs.
Chickens roam ground.
Chickens roost on top of the outhouse, and pigs are fattened in the pigsty.
Chickens run free in the dirt yard, and a mule is tethered to a pole near the fence.
Chickens scurry about clucking.
Chickens scurry and hay scatters.
Chickens seek food.
Chickens seek shelter.
Chickens serve as food.
Chickens share backyards.
Chickens shed feathers.
Chickens show reaction.
Chickens sit on eggs.
Chickens sit on feet.
Chickens sit on nests.
Chickens spawn in groups of as much as three.
Chickens stand around in the rain, looking up with their mouths open until they drown.
Chickens stand on legs.
Chickens stay very clean.
Chickens strut and peck in the yard.
Chickens swallow food.
Chickens take about six to eight weeks to grow.
Chickens tend to control the problem with regular dust baths.
Chickens try to hide any signs of weakness from the rest of the flock and possible predators.
Chickens use a variety of habitats precisely because they like to eat a wide variety of foods.
Chickens use energy.
Chickens use their strong feet to scratch the dirt and leaf litter to uncover seeds and insects.
Chickens use wings.
Chickens walk on feet.
Chickens wander the packed dirt yards, and lost-looking children stare at the camera.
Chickens wearing red contact lenses are happier, eat less food, and lay more eggs.
Chickens work much better.
Chickens always come home to roost.
Chickens always come to roost.
Chickens often freeze when handled by humans.
Chickens often have their throats slit while they are still conscious.
Chickens often scratch at the soil to get at adult insects and larva or seed.
Chickens sometimes can fly for very short distances such as over fences.
All chicken includes the bones.
All chicken is skinless, boneless breast meat.
All chicken sold in supermarkets is government-inspected for wholesomeness.
All chickens are descendants of the jungle fowls of Asia.
All chickens are just alike, and all men are just alike.
All chickens are just alike, and all the men are just alike.
All chickens are naturally white skinned.
All chickens are part of the same meta-chicken.
All chickens are raised on farms.
All chickens scratch at the earth.
All chickens taste the same.
Every chicken comes home to roost.
Every chicken needs to have their moment in the sun.
Many chickens lie in their own waste for much of their lives, with open sores and infections.
Most chickens are inside pens.
Most chickens are located at farms.
Most chickens are located at habitats.
Most chickens are located on farms.
Most chickens are located on habitats.
Most chickens attract predators.
Most chickens avoid predators.
Most chickens carry bacteria.
Most chickens carry genes.
Most chickens carry viruses.
Most chickens chew wheat.
Most chickens come from eggs.
Most chickens come from farms.
Most chickens cross boundaries.
Most chickens cross fields.
Most chickens develop necks.
Most chickens eat cereal grass.
Most chickens eat corn.
Most chickens eat food.
Most chickens eat grain.
Most chickens eat grass.
Most chickens eat insects.
Most chickens eat many different food.
Most chickens eat plant food.
Most chickens eat worms.
Most chickens feed families.
Most chickens give birth to chicks.
Most chickens has-part bones.
Most chickens has-part gizzards.
Most chickens has-part glands.
Most chickens has-part legs.
Most chickens has-part limbs.
Most chickens has-part skin.
Most chickens has-part stomachs.
Most chickens has-part throats.
Most chickens have brains.
Most chickens have claws.
Most chickens have clean water.
Most chickens have difficulty.
Most chickens have habitats.
Most chickens have heads.
Most chickens have hearts.
Most chickens have impressive lifespans.
Most chickens have lean meat.
Most chickens have lifespans.
Most chickens have lower live weight.
Most chickens have meat.
Most chickens have natural habitats.
Most chickens have offspring.
Most chickens have organs.
Most chickens have water.
Most chickens have weight.
Most chickens have white meat.
Most chickens hear sound.
Most chickens live for months.
Most chickens live in environments.
Most chickens live in farms.
Most chickens live on farms.
Most chickens love watermelon.
Most chickens make eggs.
Most chickens make manure.
Most chickens make waste.
Most chickens move heads.
Most chickens never see anything but the insides of chicken farms and chicken processing plants.
Most chickens possess bodies.
Most chickens possess feathers.
Most chickens possess food.
Most chickens possess genomes.
Most chickens possess parasites.
Most chickens prefer diverse vegetation.
Most chickens prefer vegetation.
Most chickens provide eggs.
Most chickens provide food.
Most chickens provide meals.
Most chickens provide meat.
Most chickens raise families.
Most chickens reach market size.
Most chickens reach maturity.
Most chickens reach sexual maturity.
Most chickens reach size.
Most chickens receive corn.
Most chickens receive fat food.
Most chickens receive food.
Most chickens receive meals.
Most chickens receive seeds.
Most chickens require environments.
Most chickens require heads.
Most chickens require shelter.
Most chickens seek food.
Most chickens seek shelter.
Most chickens serve as food.
Most chickens shed feathers.
Most chickens show reaction.
Most chickens sit on eggs.
Most chickens sit on feet.
Most chickens sit on nests.
Most chickens stand on legs.
Most chickens use energy.
Most chickens use wings.
Most chickens walk on feet.
Some chickens are all thumbs.
Some chickens are black.
Some chickens are inside nests.
Some chickens are located at homes.
Some chickens are located in freezers.
Some chickens are located in nests.
Some chickens are located on ecosystems.
Some chickens are located on ground.
Some chickens are located on nests.
Some chickens are located on regions.
Some chickens are white.
Some chickens become companions.
Some chickens become constant companions.
Some chickens become surgery.
Some chickens carry organisms.
Some chickens carry parasites.
Some chickens chew grass.
Some chickens come from farmers.
Some chickens cross environments.
Some chickens cross farms.
Some chickens cross fences.
Some chickens cross habitats.
Some chickens cross highways.
Some chickens cross railroads.
Some chickens cross regions.
Some chickens cross roads.
Some chickens cross streets.
Some chickens cross tracks.
Some chickens develop antibodies.
Some chickens develop fevers.
Some chickens eat black seeds.
Some chickens eat grasshoppers.
Some chickens eat meals.
Some chickens eat pests.
Some chickens eat rice.
Some chickens eat seeds.
Some chickens eat weeds.
Some chickens eat wheat.
Some chickens escape from cages.
Some chickens escape from carriers.
Some chickens escape from farms.
Some chickens escape from tribes.
Some chickens follow certain patterns.
Some chickens follow patterns.
Some chickens go to houses.
Some chickens go to roosters.
Some chickens graze in environments.
Some chickens have body shapes.
Some chickens have chances.
Some chickens have color.
Some chickens have diseases.
Some chickens have lice.
Some chickens have life.
Some chickens have louse problems.
Some chickens have mild diseases.
Some chickens have mild respiratory diseases.
Some chickens have pink color.
Some chickens have problems.
Some chickens have respiratory diseases.
Some chickens have shapes.
Some chickens have tendencies.
Some chickens kill chickens.
Some chickens live for years.
Some chickens live in America.
Some chickens live in backyards.
Some chickens live in cages.
Some chickens live in grassland.
Some chickens live in Kansas.
Some chickens live on grassland.
Some chickens live on ground.
Some chickens lose weight.
Some chickens make chickens.
Some chickens perch in aspen trees.
Some chickens perch in trees.
Some chickens possess antibodies.
Some chickens possess bottoms.
Some chickens provide fertilizer.
Some chickens raise babies.
Some chickens raise pasture.
Some chickens receive genes.
Some chickens receive water.
Some chickens require diets.
Some chickens require homes.
Some chickens seek something.
Some chickens show differences.
Some chickens sit in cages.
Some chickens steal food.
Some chickens suffer from conditions.
Some chickens survive time.
Some chickens take care.
Chickenpox is contagion
Chickenpox leaves open sores.
Chickenpox spreads very quickly.
Chickpea flour is available in Indian stores, gourmet markets and many natural food stores.
Most chickpea seed is treated with captan.
A chickpea is a legume
Chickpea grows best on well-drained soils.
Chickpea has a deep tap root and is considered drought tolerant.
Chickpea is a good fixer of nitrogen when inoculated properly.
Chickpea is an annual plant generally requiring a cool season.
Chickpea is highly indeterminate with a rooting depth similar to spring wheat.
Chickpea is known to confer contribute to sustainability to cropping systems.
Chickpea is one of the new crop success stories of the past decade in Australia.
Chickpea is well adapted to the drier parts of the brown and dark brown soil zones of the prairies.
Chickpeas also are very nutritious, high in protein and fiber, with very little fat.
Chickpeas are an excellent source of fibre and protein, as well as vitamins and minerals.
Chickpeas are available canned, dried and in some areas, fresh.
Chickpeas are beans.
Chickpeas are legumes.
Chickpeas are light beige in color with a golden yellow interior.
Chickpeas are likely to be planted into some of the earlier harvested sorghum crops.
Chickpeas are part of chickpeas.
Chickpeas are plants.
Chickpeas are popular in cuisines of the Middle East.
Chickpeas are relatively drought tolerant.
Chickpeas are very rich in iron and therefore important to vegetarians.
Chickpeas become crunchier as they cool.
Chickpeas contain zinc , protein and folic acid .
Chickpeas contain zinc, protein and folic acid.
Chickpeas have varied uses within the food industry.
Chickpeas use more water compared to field peas, canola, flax, and lentils.
Chickpeas usually receive few inputs other than labor, insecticides, and seed.
A chickweed is a herb
Chickweed adapts well to different mowing heights.
Chickweed can act as either an annual or a winter annual.
Chickweed can attract black cutworm or slugs.
Chickweed contains saponins that also act as emulsifying agents .
Chickweed contains saponins that also act as emulsifying agents.
Chickweed contains saponins that also act as fat emulsifiers.
Chickweed contains vitamin A, vitamin C, some B vitamins, calcium, phosphorus, potassium and zinc.
Chickweed grows in low mats in lawns, gardens, and other open spaces.
Chickweed helps reduce mucous and has a cleansing action on the system.
Chickweed is a common yard weed commonly used in herbal weight loss products.
Chickweed is a creeping herb with tiny white flowers.
Chickweed is a good source of vitamins and minerals.
Chickweed is a mineral-rich herb.
Chickweed is a most variable plant.
Chickweed is a promoter of transformation.
Chickweed is a well-known external remedy for cuts, wounds and especially itchy and irritated skin.
Chickweed is also an excellent herb for itchy skin.
Chickweed is an excellent source of many B vitamins and various minerals.
Chickweed is another winter annual that really seems to go wild in early spring.
Chickweed is as harmless as it is versatile even when ingested in large amounts.
Chickweed is common in all zones.
Chickweed is high in nutrients.
Chickweed is mild and has been used as a food as well as medicine.
Chickweed is native to Europe, where it is also a very common rural and domestic weed.
Chickweed is rich in many nutrients.
Chickweed is the herb most often thought of for metabolizing and burning fat.
Chickweed is very high in vitamins and flavonoids, and was once used as food.
Chickweeds are herbs.
Chickweeds are very nutritious and easy to find in abundance.
Chickweeds close their leaves before a rain.
Some Chico hotels are cosmopolitan while other resorts offer a more secluded feel.
Chico students excel on professional competency exams.
Chico students receive a montly salary.
Chicory root is roasted before it is brewed, but it can also be boiled and eaten like a vegetable.
Chicories are available throughout the winter and make assertively flavored salad greens.
Chicories have a slightly bitter flavor.
Chicory also makes a good coffee substitute.
Chicory also works well.
Chicory contains a natural sugar, inulin.
Chicory has a big taproot, like a parsnip or carrot.
Chicory has a deep taproot.
Chicory has a pleasant, mild-bitter taste that has been compared to endive.
Chicory has good seedling vigor and a relatively deep taproot which provides tolerance to drought.
Chicory is a bulky crop, so processing needed to be done close to the fields.
Chicory is a caffeine-free herb that is a popular coffee substitute.
Chicory is a fairly well-known salad plant.
Chicory is a hardy vegetable that is used in three basic forms.
Chicory is a heavy feeder.
Chicory is a native of Europe but is common as a weed in the United States.
Chicory is a perennial carrot-looking plant with a deep root structure.
Chicory is a totally safe and natural ingredient.
Chicory is an excellent bitter tonic for the liver and digestive tract.
Chicory is coffee
Chicory is herbs.
Chicory is highly digestible for ruminants and has a low fiber concentration.
Chicory is one of the oldest recorded types of plants.
Chicory is part of chicory.
Chicory is purported to have several health benefits, including possibly aiding in digestion.
Chicory is recommended.
Chicory is roots.
Chicory is salad green.
Chicory is the root of the endive plant, which is a type of lettuce.
Chicory is the root of the endive plant.
Chicory makes a wonderful, caffeine-free substitute for coffee .
Chicory prefers a rich, moist, well-drained soil and full sun.
Chicory produces a large, tapered root, and both leaves and roots are utilized.
Chicory provides excellent spring and summer forage for grazing animals.
Chicory regrows rapidly after mowing and can outgrow most weeds.
Chicory regrows rapidly after mowing and can out-grow most weeds.
Chicory requires a high level of fertility for maximum production.
Chicot counties have areas.
Chicot counties have land areas.
Chicot County is in the very southeast corner of Arkansas bordering Mississippi and Louisiana.
Chicot County is the southeasternmost county in Arkansas.
Most chicot counties have areas.
Most chicot counties have land areas.
Chicot isa tree.
Chicots have (part) bark.
Chicots have (part) cell membranes.
Chicots have (part) cells.
Chicots have (part) corpi.
Chicots have (part) cytoplasm.
Chicots have (part) leaf nodes.
Chicots have (part) nuclei.
Chicots have (part) plasma membranes.
Chicots have (part) sections.
Chicots have (part) stumps.
Chicots have (part) tree branches.
Chicots have (part) treetops.
Chicots have (part) trunks.
Chicots have (part) vacuoles.
Chicots have (part) xylem.
Chief action is in increasing blood circulation.
Chief administrators take appropriate administrative action based on the report.
Chief appraisers send two kinds of notices of appraised value.
Chief attention is given to the politics and government of the United States.
Chief bailiff involves safety and security of staff and the public.
Chief bitch is the process of ordering foods by name.
Chief catches are Arctic char and lake trout.
Chief catches are trout, great northern pike and grayling.
Chief cells contain abundant rough endoplasmic reticulum in their basal cytoplasm.
Chief cells produce digestive enzymes that break down food.
Chief cells produce parathyroid hormone.
Chief cells store their secretory product intracellularly as inactive zymogen granules.
Chief cells synthesize and secrete pepsinogen, a precursor of the enzyme pepsin.
Chief characteristics are finish, strength, free from fuzz, and rigidity.
Some chief characteristics are shared by chimpanzees.
Chief complaint includes productive cough, chest pain, loss of appetite, and low-grade fever.
Chief complaints can vary from a vague sense of discomfort of the eye to severe nausea and vomiting.
Chief crops are coffee, cotton, soybeans, sugar, cocoa, rice, corn, fruits.
Chief crops are copra, cocoa, coffee, bananas, yams, taro, and breadfruit.
Chief crops are grains, fruit, corn, potatoes, tobacco, and grapes for wine.
Chief crops are hay, corn, and pasture.
Chief culprits are chocolate, grapes, mushrooms, shrimp, peanut butter and bran flakes.
Chief demand is from the United States and Canada, where many studs have been established.
Chief engineer is Dr.-Ing.
Chief engineers tend to see consultants as competitors.
Chief estimators prepare total project cost summaries and bid proposals to give to the developers.
Chief executives appoint department heads to carry out programs.
Chief executives are also accustomed to policy from the top-down.
Chief executives are in turn responsible for service delivery.
Chief executives are officials who run governmental bodies that formulate and enforce laws.
Chief executives are officials who run the departments that create and enforce laws.
Chief executives are responsible for their organizations.
Chief executives define their own data needs.
Chief executives have a five-year contract term with tenure based on performance.
Chief executives have reason to be skeptical.
Chief executives insist on backup.
Chief executives run the governmental bodies that formulate and enforce laws.
Chief executives seem to be dropping like flies.
Chief executives spend a varying number of hours on the job.
Every chief executive has to keep track of hundreds of projects, deadlines and agendas.
Many chief executives justify their pay on the grounds that they have enhanced the bottom line.
Many chief executives worry about how to recruit and hold on to talented staff.
Chief exports are manufactured products.
Chief exports are petroleum, natural gas and manufactured goods.
Chief exports are textiles, toys, hides and skins, and wool products.
Chief exports are wool, meat, wheat, iron ore and coal.
Chief guerrilla hides in mothers' back.
Chief imports are food and iron.
Chief industries are tractor assembly, textiles, cigarettes, and food processing.
Chief inspiration is in the varied persona of the super heroes.
Chief instructor has the right to refuse admission.
Chief instructor has the right to refuse anyone.
Chief interests are allergy, rhinology, head and neck surgery, and general ear, nose and throat.
Chief interests are civic activities, volunteer work, contributions, and travel.
Chief interests lie in the philosophy of mind, the philosophy of science and cognitive science.
Chief issues are computers, software, imaging and support.
Chief judges administer guidelines and standards to improve court performance.
Chief judges are the chief executive officers of their courts.
Some chief judges appoint referees.
Chief justice dies.
Chief justice is a judge
Chief justice is a rotating two-year position voted on by the justices themselves.
Chief justice is judges.
Chief justice objects to the timing.
Chief justice receives a higher salary.
Chief librarian is prof.
Chief love seems to be India, visited several times.
Chief market officers lead activities.
Chief market officers lead management activities.
Chief market officers lead such activities.
Chief medical officers take notes.
Chief mining engr.
Many chief ministers say they are chief executive officers of their respective states.
Any chief negotiator can request a short recess in a negotiation session at anytime.
A chief of staff is an officer
Chiefs of staff can be very helpful that way.
Most chiefs of staff rotate out of the job after about two years.
A chief of state is a representative
More chiefs of state wear military uniforms today than they did at any other time in history.
Chief officer discusses situation with other members as member of canteen looks on.
Chief officers save firefighters' lives.
Chief officers take notes.
Any chief officer is eligible by applying on a timely basis.
Most chief officers take notes.
Some chief officers determine values.
Chief operators perform the duties listed above at larger, more complex treatment plants.
Chief pilots are a humorless lot, and they HATE humor in official reports.
Chief priests demand the tomb be sealed.
Chief priests have power.
Most chief priests have power.
Chief principles discussed are combustion and satellite orbits.
Chief products are coffee, bananas, tobacco, and clothing.
Chief products are rice, corn, vegetables, and rootcrops.
Chief products are tobacco, grains, livestock, and dairy items.
Chief publics are.
Chief residents are on call at all times for their patients.
Chief residents are residents.
Chief residents coordinate the teaching activities for the service and prepare conferences.
Chief residents present a departmental case conference or grand rounds.
Chief residents receive appointments as clinical instructors.
Some chief scientists lead authors.
Chief sources are Australia, India, and Brazil.
Chief sources are Brazil, Uruguay, Madagascar, India, and Texas.
Chief sources are untreated water and foods that require much handling.
Chief threats are habitat loss and pesticides.
Chief uses are for growing corn, small grains, tobacco, hay, truck crops, fruits, and pasture.
Chief uses are plywood cores, veneer, pallets and chips for paper manufacturing.
A chief is a leader
Chief isa supervisor.
Chiefs are about the most hapless offense in the land.
Chiefs are responsible for approving any new ephemera collection project in their area.
Chiefs are then responsible for effectively concentrating resources to achieve the desired results.
Chiefs are tough at home, though.
Chiefs blanket .
Chiefs continue to wield a great deal of authority over land ownership and usage.
Chiefs enjoy their own mess, which also serves as a lounge. . .
Chiefs exercise political authority in the villages.
Chiefs have (part) arms.
Chiefs have (part) body substances.
Chiefs have (part) cell membranes.
Chiefs have (part) cells.
Chiefs have (part) corpi.
Chiefs have (part) cytoplasm.
Chiefs have (part) heads.
Chiefs have (part) human bodies.
Chiefs have (part) legs.
Chiefs have (part) material bodies.
Chiefs have (part) necks.
Chiefs have (part) nuclei.
Chiefs have (part) personality.
Chiefs have (part) plasma membranes.
Chiefs have (part) sections.
Chiefs have (part) vacuoles.
Chiefs have a number of assistants, the number varying with the needs of the village.
Chiefs have major roles.
Chiefs have more to worry about than quarterback and running back.
Chiefs have roles.
Chiefs have the authority to authorize the discontinuance of all types of criminal investigations.
Chiefs have their own mess hall.
Chiefs hold councils.
Chiefs is the shining jewel of the trip simply by virtue of the number of animals.
Chiefs make suggestions.
Chiefs manage an entire department and have to contend with politicians, citizens and unions.
Chiefs release follow statements.
Chiefs release statements.
Chiefs remain obsessed with acquiring in-state talent.
Chiefs seem to know where alternative caregivers can be found.
Chiefs take care of their Sailors.
Chiefs talk the language of crime control through performance management.
Chiefs update regarding organizational sub-committees.
Chiefs wear deer antlers among our people to symbolize their authority.
Chiefs wear warbonnets.
Chieves are basically politicians, of course.
Many chiefs have college degrees, but few are in business management.
Most chiefs consult the elder women as well as the men for important decisions.
Most chiefs have major roles.
Most chiefs have roles.
Most chiefs hold councils.
Most chiefs make suggestions.
Most chiefs serve for a lifetime, abdicating the throne or stool only when nearing death.
Some chiefs describe death.
Some chiefs do services.
Some chiefs ensure economic opportunity.
Some chiefs ensure opportunity.
Some chiefs have an additional motto, called a slug-horn.
Some chiefs hold prisoners.
Some chiefs leave countries.
Some chiefs read articles.
Some chiefs return to villages.
Some chiefs share common ancestry.
A chieftain is a leader
Chieftains are usually the biggest and smartest ogres in their tribes.
Chieftains record their last album of Irish music.
A chieftaincy is a position
Chieftaincy is already capable of bringing divisions into families.
A chieftainship is a position
Chieftainship is hereditary, provided the son or the grandson is qualified to assume the position.
Chiffon cakes are sponge cakes with vegetable oil, which adds moistness.
Chiffon is cloth
Chiffons are custard gels to which beaten egg whites are added.
Chigger bites are most common around areas where elastic from undergarments presses into the skin.
Chigger bites cause severe itching .
Chigger bites have a more severe effect on some persons than others.
Chigger bites itch from blackberry picking.
A chigger is a mite
Chigger sucks up liquid through stylostome.
Chiggers also bite people and generally are too small to be seen without magnification.
Chiggers are a formidable animal of the prairie.
Chiggers are active from spring to late fall but are most numerous in early summer.
Chiggers are another unwelcome inhabitant of our Oklahoma outdoors.
Chiggers are common to the southern United States.
Chiggers are especially common in moist low-lying areas.
Chiggers are larvas.
Chiggers are mites that attack humans.
Chiggers are mites.
Chiggers are parasitic on warm-blooded animals.
Chiggers are pests.
Chiggers are the immature stage of a harvest mite.
Chiggers are the immature stage of a mite, usually infesting the under-wing, leg and thigh areas.
Chiggers are the larvae of a type of mite found in tall grass and weeds.
Chiggers are tiny and red, and they are a type of mite.
Chiggers are usually a problem in late spring and summer.
Chiggers are worldwide pests.
Chiggers attach themselves to tender skin areas to feed.
Chiggers can be abundant in summer but can also be controlled with repellant.
Chiggers crawl about on vegetation, waiting to attach to a host.
Chiggers feed in clusters on the thighs, breast, underside of the wings, and around the vent.
Chiggers feed on a variety of wild and domestic animals, as well as humans.
Chiggers feed on a wide variety of snakes, turtles, birds, and small mammals as well as humans.
Chiggers feed on humans, as well as a wide variety of snakes, turtles, birds, and small mammals.
Chiggers first show up as annoying red bumps.
Chiggers is the name given in North America to a skin parasite called Trombicula autumnalis.
Chiggers live and breed on the ground and prefer a warm, moist habitat where rodents are abundant.
Chiggers live outdoors in tall weeds and grass.
Chiggers spend most of their lives in cracks in the soil.
Chiggers tend to move towards and onto any new object placed in their environment.
Chiggers then feed on the resulting liquid.
Chiggers then wait for a suitable host.
Chikan embroidery is a speciality of Lucknow.
Chilblain is blain
Chilblain is thick and red, with cracks on joints.
Chilblain results from intermittent exposure to temperatures above freezing, in high humidity.
Chilblains are areas of itchy, purple-red, swollen skin.
Chilblains are difficult to treat and persist for years.
Chilblains can occur on the ears, fingers, and toes and are chronic.
Chilblains itch, burn and become purple.
Chilblains occur mostly in the young and the elderly, and are more common in women than in men.
Chilblains occur when bare skin is exposed to cold water or when wet skin cools over time.
Chilblains usually appear toes and fingers and on the back of the legs.
Chilblains usually occur on the smaller toes but can occur on the finger, face and the nose.
Most Chilcotin lakes contain trout and the creeks have lots of small fish.
Chilcotin region means outdoor adventure fun.
Child abandonment is a crime.
Child abandonment is a growing problem in the United States.
Child abandonment is just a small blip on the screen of child abuse, murder, and neglect.
Child abandonment is on the rise.
Child abduction is a class D felony.
Child abduction is a growing concern in Canada.
Child abduction is a growing concern in the United States.
Child abduction is a serious matter.
Child abduction is a serious offense in Jordan.
Child abduction is a serious socio-economic problem.
Child abduction is a tragedy especially when the abductor is a parent.
Child abduction is a tragedy.
Child abductions are a real danger.
Child abductions do occur and they're every parent's worst nightmare.
Many child abductors transport children via the trunk because the child is concealed.
Child abuse affects the entire community.
Child abuse appears to be rare.
Child abuse becomes fodder for a gag.
Child abuse can affect many aspects of a child's behavior and performance in school.
Child abuse can arise out of denying children food or can be in any form of ill treatment.
Child abuse can be fatal.
Child abuse can be physical or emotional harm caused to children by their parents or guardians.
Child abuse can be physical, emotional - verbal, sexual or through neglect.
Child abuse can be such a terrifying ordeal, such a profound betrayal.
Child abuse can be verbal abuse, emotional abuse, physical abuse, and sexual abuse.
Child abuse can cause long-term psychological and physical problems for the child.
Child abuse can cause major mental health problems.
Child abuse can cause whiplash injuries in children through excessive or violent shaking.
Child abuse can happen anywhere.
Child abuse can have serious future consequences for the victims involved.
Child abuse can include physical, emotional, or sexual abuse.
Child abuse can occur in any family and community in America.
Child abuse can occur in any household from the hands or mouth of any authority figure.
Child abuse can significantly alter a childs growth and development.
Child abuse can take on many forms.
Child abuse can, of course, affect custody decisions.
Child abuse claims more than one million victims per year worldwide.
Child abuse consists of different types of harmful acts directed toward children.
Child abuse continues to be a problem and there are new approaches to treating asthma.
Child abuse contributes to homelessness as well, for example, by creating runaways.
Child abuse crosses all economic, cultural, ethnic, and geographic lines.
Child abuse cuts across all socio-economic groups, race, and religion.
Child abuse cuts across all socioeconomic, racial and geographical boundaries.
Child abuse denies the worth of the child.
Child abuse does exist, but in no where near the number contended by litigants in divorce cases.
Child abuse does happen.
Child abuse entails the betrayal of a caregiver's position of trust and authority over a child.
Child abuse goes up, as does alcoholism, divorce, suicide, etc., etc.
Child abuse happens at every income level.
Child abuse happens behind the closed doors of troubled families.
Child abuse happens in all cultural, ethnic, and income groups.
Child abuse happens in families of all races, religions, social circles, and economic classes.
Child abuse happens often.
Child abuse happens to children with disabilities.
Child abuse happens to teens too.
Child abuse happens when an adult mistreats or neglects a child.
Child abuse has a high frequency involving the child with some authority source person.
Child abuse has lifelong effects.
Child abuse has long-term impacts.
Child abuse has serious and sometimes fatal consequences.
Child abuse includes physical, sexual, neglect and emotional abuse.
Child abuse investigations the families' perspective.
Child abuse is a common cause of burns.
Child abuse is a community concern.
Child abuse is a community problem.
Child abuse is a complicated matter.
Child abuse is a crime in Alaska.
Child abuse is a crime.
Child abuse is a daily occurrence viewed on the evening news.
Child abuse is a deeply hurtful and potentially damaging experience.
Child abuse is a difficult and upsetting area to work in.
Child abuse is a distressing topic.
Child abuse is a fact all over the world.
Child abuse is a major factor in contributing to criminal behavior.
Child abuse is a major problem in our society.
Child abuse is a major problem.
Child abuse is a major public health problem.
Child abuse is a multi-billion dollar legal child abuse industry.
Child abuse is a national epidemic.
Child abuse is a pattern of behavior that often is passed down from one generation to the next.
Child abuse is a popular subject for books and movies.
Child abuse is a pox on the very nature of the world.
Child abuse is a problem that affects our entire society.
Child abuse is a problem.
Child abuse is a sensitive issue.
Child abuse is a serious and often hard to detect problem.
Child abuse is a serious offense in thie country.
Child abuse is a serious offense.
Child abuse is a serious problem in today's society.
Child abuse is a serious problem.
Child abuse is a serious social problem that requires our attention.
Child abuse is a serious social problem.
Child abuse is a signal for the existence of family problems.
Child abuse is a significant problem in Arizona.
Child abuse is a silent crime.
Child abuse is a societal problem that impacts all people.
Child abuse is a symptom that parents are having difficulty coping with their situation.
Child abuse is a term generally associated with abuse by a parent.
Child abuse is a terrible crime, and also a high profile crime.
Child abuse is a terrible epidemic.
Child abuse is a tricky area.
Child abuse is a very difficult issue for anyone to deal with.
Child abuse is a very interesting topic.
Child abuse is a very real threat and all too widespread.
Child abuse is a very serious charge.
Child abuse is a very serious issue.
Child abuse is a very serious problem.
Child abuse is a vicious cycle.
Child abuse is a well hidden, well protected and deeply rooted problem in our society.
Child abuse is abuse
Child abuse is against the law.
Child abuse is all of the above too.
Child abuse is also a problem, says the report.
Child abuse is also rampant.
Child abuse is an area rife with much naivete and misconception.
Child abuse is an equal opportunity problem.
Child abuse is an every day occurrence.
Child abuse is an insidious and growing problem.
Child abuse is an unreasonable position as is making fraudulent charges of abuse.
Child abuse is another crime that concerns many reservation police departments.
Child abuse is any mistreatment or neglect of a child that results in harm or injury.
Child abuse is ANY mistreatment or neglect of a child that results in harm or injury.
Child abuse is as common here as it is in other countries outside the Arab world.
Child abuse is at a dangerously high level.
Child abuse is bad.
Child abuse is correlated with later delinquency.
Child abuse is costly for many social institutions.
Child abuse is costly.
Child abuse is dangerous and against the law.
Child abuse is deadly.
Child abuse is defined as an injury or a pattern of injuries to a child that is non-accidental.
Child abuse is defined as physical abuse, sexual abuse and neglect.
Child abuse is different because traditionally, it has always included neglect as a form of abuse.
Child abuse is epidemic.
Child abuse is everybody's problem.
Child abuse is everyones problem and no one has the right to stand by and just let it happen.
Child abuse is far more likely to occur in the child's home than in a day care center.
Child abuse is fifteen times more likely to occur in families where domestic violence is present.
Child abuse is horrendous.
Child abuse is horrible.
Child abuse is likely.
Child abuse is more common than many people realize.
Child abuse is more prevalent than many people realize.
Child abuse is more severe and more dangerous to the child than is child neglect.
Child abuse is never the child's fault.
Child abuse is notifiable in all States and Territories except South Australia and Queensland.
Child abuse is on the increase.
Child abuse is one of America's hidden killers.
Child abuse is one of the most commonly overlooked crime.
Child abuse is one of the most commonly overlooked crimes.
Child abuse is one of the most serious problems affecting the nation today.
Child abuse is one of the most terrible crimes in our society today.
Child abuse is our next topic.
Child abuse is pandemic throughout the world.
Child abuse is rampant in Africa.
Child abuse is rampant.
Child abuse is rare, and the authorities take action against perpetrators.
Child abuse is real.
Child abuse is still wrong, but some moms are lost.
Child abuse is suspected.
Child abuse is terrible.
Child abuse is the catch-word of the day.
Child abuse is the leading cause of death for children under the age of five.
Child abuse is the leading cause of trauma deaths for children under eight.
Child abuse is the mistreatment or neglect of a child which results in harm to the child.
Child abuse is the most common cause of infant death and morbidity from head injury.
Child abuse is the most loathsome form of abuse to which members of our society can stoop.
Child abuse is thought to be relatively uncommon, and there have been few child abuse prosecutions.
Child abuse is thought to be uncommon, and there have been few child abuse prosecutions.
Child abuse is typically a crime among families.
Child abuse is unheard of.
Child abuse is up.
Child abuse is very circular, affecting self-esteem and social development.
Child abuse is volatile .
Child abuse is when the parent or caretaker is lashing out to relieve their own pent-up frustration.
Child abuse is wrong and it is a disgrace that so many cases go undetected and unpunished.
Child abuse is wrong.
Child abuse is, unfortunately, a part of our world.
Child abuse is, unfortunately, an all too common experience among high school students.
Child abuse leaves lasting scars.
Child abuse leaves permanent physical and emotional scars for a lifetime.
Child abuse means that a parent or step-parent injures a child on purpose, time after time.
Child abuse needs to be reported.
Child abuse occurs disproportionately in homes where domestic violence exists.
Child abuse occurs in all cultural, ethnic, occupational, and socioeconomic groups.
Child abuse occurs in every age group, every race, every religion and every economic group.
Child abuse occurs with alarming frequency.
Child abuse occurs within every neighborhood and school community across the country.
Child abuse occurs within the family and cultural context.
Child abuse refers to emotional, physical or sexual abuse.
Child abuse remains a hidden problem.
Child abuse reports, -notice.
Child abuse sells newspapers.
Child abuse spawns another form of disability.
Child abuse steals the innocence from our coming generation.
Child abuse stunts a child's normal growth and development.
Child abuse stymies a child's normal growth and development.
Child abuse takes many forms, including corporal punishment.
Child abuse takes many forms.
Child abuse works both ways.
Most child abuse comes from selfish parents.
Most child abuse happens at the hand of a parent and occurs mainly in the child's home.
Most child abuse has nothing to do with sex.
Most child abuse involves parents or other family members.
Most child abuse is done in heterosexual homes.
Most child abuse occurs in either the victim or the offender's home.
Most child abuse occurs in the family home.
Most child abuse occurs in the home.
Most child abuse takes place in the home.
Child abusers are persons usually known to the child.
Child abusers come from all walks of life crossing economic and educational demographics.
Child abusers do go to prison.
Child abusers prey upon more than one million kids, worldwide, every year.
Child abusers volunteer for ministries in which they can have access to children.
Many child abusers have trouble dealing with other adults.
Most child abusers have no criminal record.
Child actors appear to actually participate in the original story line.
Child actors luck out too.
Child actors model fire-safe behaviors.
Child advocacy guides all aspects of the program.
Child advocates are at work.
Child advocates are volunteers from Minnesota congregations of all faiths.
Child advocates attribute much of the success the creation of neonatal care units in hospitals.
Child advocates insist that their first duty is to protect the rights of child-abuse victims.
Child advocates say the cost of minimal regulation is injuries, abuse, even death.
Child advocates say they're pleased with the board's decision.
Child bearing is a biological function that only women can assume.
Child bearing is belittled, unborn and infant children, as well as the elderly, are expendable.
Child bearing is now an option.
Child bearing is one of the smallest, albeit, profound elements of human life.
Child benefit acts as a universal safety net for all children in a crisis.
Child benefit is a universal benefit paid directly into the hands of parents.
Child benefit is paid out according to the number of children.
Child benefit is tax- free.
Child birth is an extremely stressful situation.
Child care appears to be an issue that requires creative solutions throughout the command.
Child care becomes a commodity purchased on the market rather than provided at home.
Child care benefits iii.
Child care can also become more affordable by having a relative watch the child.
Child care can be an expensive issue for many young families.
Child care can be difficult to find, especially for workers who rotate shifts.
Child care can vary widely from one small home to another.
Child care centres Child care centres operate on all three campuses.
Child care continues to be a critical support for families moving from welfare to work.
Child care costs a ton of money.
Child Care Costs One of the major expenditures of single parents is child care.
Child care does attract trained loving people.
Child care emphasizes good nutrition in relation to progress of the child in school.
Child care falls under the category of domestic support.
Child care helps shape children's futures and is key to school readiness.
Child care is a central issue for parents, employers , and policy makers.
Child care is a challenging issue for working parents.
Child care is a consequence of soul care.
Child care is a continuing problem.
Child care is a core issue for the growing number of two-earner families.
Child care is a critical support for families moving from welfare to work.
Child care is a fact of life, and often an expensive fact.
Child care is a family support.
Child care is a field in transition.
Child care is a fundamental part of the community.
Child care is a hassle, and it is expensive.
Child care is a major concern of the families.
Child care is a major issue for public assistance recipients entering the work force.
Child care is a major issue in the United States and other countries.
Child care is a major problem for all parents, but especially for single parents.
Child care is a major problem, but the most serious difficulty is the complete lack of safe water.
Child care is a necessity for millions of American families.
Child care is a new place with new people.
Child care is a partnership between parents and child care providers.
Child care is a priority in Quebec.
Child care is a problem for some.
Child care is a profession.
Child care is a service for children whose parents are attending the convention.
Child care is a service
Child care is a shared responsibility within the community.
Child care is a whole-community responsibility.
Child care is also a major source of employment for women.
Child care is also an obstacle for the average welfare recipient in West Virginia.
Child care is also available all weekend.
Child care is also available during Bible studies and church functions throughout the year.
Child care is also available during most other church-wide services.
Child care is also available during most special church services and activities.
Child care is also available during Wednesday Night Live .
Child care is also available for church events and meetings.
Child care is also available for parents using the facility.
Child care is also available for students during the day.
Child care is also available, and everyone is invited to kiddush following services.
Child care is also available.
Child care is always a major issue for families moving with younger children.
Child care is always available - and reliable.
Child care is always available during rehearsals.
Child care is always available.
Child care is an available support for children in care.
Child care is an equal opportunity problem.
Child care is an especially important concern for young mothers, single mothers and women of color.
Child care is an essential family support.
Child care is an even bigger issue for people trying to get off welfare.
Child care is an exceedingly important issue for working people.
Child care is an important factor in the welfare reform debate .
Child care is an important issue.
Child care is an important matter for parents.
Child care is an important part of life for many families.
Child care is an important part of the community.
Child care is an issue of considerable importance under the new welfare reform.
Child care is an organizing issue.
Child care is another area of conflict for parents returning to work.
Child care is another area the state is falling short.
Child care is another area to be anticipated.
Child care is another issue.
Child care is another problem here.
Child care is as individual as each of the children in our care.
Child care is as much about early childhood development as it is about welfare to work.
Child care is at the top of the nation's agenda.
Child care is available .
Child care is available all three times.
Child care is available also by reservation.
Child care is available and a low-cost panel of attorneys can assist.
Child care is available and lunch is provided.
Child care is available and visitors are welcome at all meetings.
Child care is available as needed for all the sessions.
Child care is available at all services.
Child care is available at all sites.
Child care is available at an affordable cost for students attending day classes.
Child care is available at both locations.
Child care is available at both services.
Child care is available at community child care centres on campus.
Child care is available at Kids Zone.
Child care is available at no additional cost.
Child care is available at no cost by reservation only.
Child care is available at no cost in the nursery.
Child care is available at some.
Child care is available at the church.
Child care is available at the guest services desk.
Child care is available but only for pre-registrants.
Child care is available but please book.
Child care is available by request, with payment, for registered students.
Child care is available by request.
Child care is available by reservation.
Child care is available down the hall.
Child care is available during all three services .
Child care is available during both worship services.
Child care is available during each event.
Child care is available during services.
Child care is available during specified times.
Child care is available during the day for families with children under age five.
Child care is available during the general meetings by appointment.
Child care is available during the service of consecration, upon arrangement in advance.
Child care is available during the service.
Child care is available following the children's time in the sanctuary.
Child care is available for a fee at both locations.
Child care is available for a full day, including lunch.
Child care is available for a half day or full day.
Child care is available for a minimal fee.
Child care is available for a nominal fee.
Child care is available for all ages.
Child care is available for all rehearsals.
Child care is available for before and after school, excluding Holidays.
Child care is available for both services.
Child care is available for children five and under.
Child care is available for children six and younger.
Child care is available for children two or over.
Child care is available for children under age three.
Child care is available for children under three years of age.
Child care is available for daytime classes.
Child care is available for infants through three year olds during the entire worship service.
Child care is available for infants through two years.
Child care is available for kindergarteners and younger.
Child care is available for morning meetings.
Child care is available for most groups.
Child care is available for newborns to six years of age.
Child care is available for occasional and temporary as well as permanent full time requests.
Child care is available for parents attending each meeting.
Child care is available for parents using the facility.
Child care is available for preschool children during meeting.
Child care is available for small children.
Child care is available for some classes.
Child care is available for some.
Child care is available for the majority of our Bible studies.
Child care is available for the morning circle.
Child care is available for the youngest kids for two hours each day.
Child care is available for very young children.
Child care is available for victim's attending counseling sessions and community education.
Child care is available for younger children.
Child care is available here.
Child care is available if needed.
Child care is available if requested in advance.
Child care is available if scheduled ahead.
Child care is available in many different settings.
Child care is available in the evening.
Child care is available in the gym at no cost to the family.
Child care is available in the limestone rock building in the middle of our campus.
Child care is available in the nursery.
Child care is available in the play center for a nominal hourly fee.
Child care is available morning and afternoon.
Child care is available on both vocational center campuses.
Child care is available on each elementary school campus.
Child care is available on request.
Child care is available on site for a small fee.
Child care is available on site.
Child care is available on the cruise ship.
Child care is available on-site for a small fee.
Child care is available on-site.
Child care is available or children are welcome in worship.
Child care is available throughout the morning.
Child care is available upon request.
Child care is available with advance notice.
Child care is available with advance reservations.
Child care is available with preregistration.
Child care is available, affordable, and of good quality.
Child care is available, and there is a children s moment in worship.
Child care is available, at cost, to SIUE students.
Child care is available, but please call to reserve.
Child care is available.
Child care is availible at an extra cost.
Child care is becoming beyond most working womens means.
Child care is both a social investment and an area of income-generation.
Child care is broad issue.
Child care is communal and, for the most part, in the hands of child-rearing experts.
Child care is critical to the continued success of welfare reform.
Child care is critical to worker productivity.
Child care is designed to train students to work as aides in preschool and day care centers.
Child care is essential if mothers are to work.
Child care is essential to many lone parents.
Child care is essential.
Child care is everybody's business.
Child care is expensive and often inadequate or non-existent.
Child care is expensive.
Child care is financed through a patchwork of government, parent, and private sector resources.
Child care is free in most European countries, as is a college education.
Child care is hard, but important work.
Child care is in place for most groups.
Child care is less of a problem when parenting is equitably divided between both parents.
Child care is limited or non-existent since the state subsidized facilities have closed.
Child care is limited to charges necessary for actual classroom attendance, including travel time.
Child care is limited to two hours maximum.
Child care is located in the vicinity.
Child care is more than just a service that allows parents to work.
Child care is needed for all children.
Child care is needed for both children.
Child care is needed for the preschool child.
Child care is needed for the single parent and working families.
Child care is needed here and is being discussed as well as a health care plan for students.
Child care is noted on the calendar listing for the service.
Child care is obviously a key part of making the transition to the world of work.
Child care is of primary interest to voting women.
Child care is offered as are programs for children and youth.
Child care is offered at all of our services.
Child care is offered at all worship services.
Child care is offered during both sessions.
Child care is offered during the day.
Child care is offered for program participants.
Child care is offered free of charge as well.
Child care is offered through fifth grade.
Child care is offered to participants at no cost.
Child care is offered while mothers attend classes.
Child care is offered.
Child care is one example.
Child care is one of the core issues on the group's agenda for the coming year.
Child care is one of the lowest-paying jobs in the country.
Child care is one of the most challenging issues facing working families today.
Child care is one of the most compelling issues that faces our country.
Child care is only one component of the program.
Child care is part of all three.
Child care is perhaps an even greater concern.
Child care is permitted throughout the town if the number of children is five or under.
Child care is picked up by the state.
Child care is provided .
Child care is provided and a continental breakfast is served.
Child care is provided and no registration is necessary.
Child care is provided and the meetings are open to all interested parents at no cost.
Child care is provided and there is no charge for attendance.
Child care is provided and transportation is available.
Child care is provided as part of the proposal.
Child care is provided at all church services.
Child care is provided at all meetings.
Child care is provided at all worship services.
Child care is provided at both meetings.
Child care is provided at both services.
Child care is provided at many meetings.
Child care is provided at no charge in our nursery.
Child care is provided at no charge.
Child care is provided at rehearsals of most of our groups.
Child care is provided at some adult schools and centers.
Child care is provided at the church nursery.
Child care is provided at the evening groups.
Child care is provided at the meetings, if needed.
Child care is provided at the meetings.
Child care is provided at the morning meetings.
Child care is provided by advance reservation through the church's office.
Child care is provided by paid, trained personnel and volunteers.
Child care is provided by request.
Child care is provided by reservation only.
Child care is provided during all regular church services.
Child care is provided during all services.
Child care is provided during many classes.
Child care is provided during many of the meetings.
Child care is provided during rehearsal.
Child care is provided during rehearsals.
Child care is provided during sessions.
Child care is provided during the Bible study and worship service.
Child care is provided during the evening sessions.
Child care is provided during the meetings so that both parents can attend.
Child care is provided during the meetings.
Child care is provided during the program.
Child care is provided during the service with refreshments to follow.
Child care is provided during the service.
Child care is provided during the sessions with developmental activities that are age appropriate.
Child care is provided during the worship service by two nursery attendants.
Child care is provided during workshop hours only.
Child care is provided during worship.
Child care is provided each week by the same person at both the first and second services.
Child care is provided for a fee for young children.
Child care is provided for a minimal fee.
Child care is provided for all church activities.
Child care is provided for all meetings.
Child care is provided for all of our services.
Child care is provided for all rehearsals.
Child care is provided for all singles events.
Child care is provided for all worship services.
Child care is provided for babies and young children during both worship services.
Child care is provided for both rehearsals.
Child care is provided for children ages six weeks through four years of age.
Child care is provided for children ages three and older.
Child care is provided for children over three years of age at no charge.
Child care is provided for children through four years of age.
Child care is provided for children through the fifth grade.
Child care is provided for children under three.
Child care is provided for children up to age five during both services.
Child care is provided for children younger than five.
Child care is provided for children younger than school age.
Child care is provided for eligible participants.
Child care is provided for infants and pre-schoolers during regularly scheduled events.
Child care is provided for infants and preschoolers during the adult services.
Child care is provided for infants and preschoolers.
Child care is provided for infants and toddlers.
Child care is provided for infants and young children.
Child care is provided for infants at all church services.
Child care is provided for kids who are toilet trained.
Child care is provided for major events and meetings.
Child care is provided for many of the New City evening events as well.
Child care is provided for many of the women's activities which meet at the church.
Child care is provided for most meetings.
Child care is provided for our monthly dinner meetings with other moms.
Child care is provided for participating women with young children.
Child care is provided for pre-school age children.
Child care is provided for pre-school children.
Child care is provided for preschoolers.
Child care is provided for regular rehearsals.
Child care is provided for the daytime ladies' leagues.
Child care is provided for the group.
Child care is provided for young children at every worship service.
Child care is provided for young children.
Child care is provided for younger children.
Child care is provided free of charge.
Child care is provided free to children who are no longer in diapers.
Child care is provided free.
Child care is provided if needed.
Child care is provided in a licensed day care facility while clients receive treatment.
Child care is provided in an organized group setting away from home.
Child care is provided in licensed family day care homes throughout Monroe County.
Child care is provided in the church nursery.
Child care is provided in the nursery by adult care givers while the mothers meet in the lounge.
Child care is provided in the nursery.
Child care is provided is the participant calls ahead of time.
Child care is provided on site.
Child care is provided on Wednesdays.
Child care is provided only during six-week children's support group sessions by reservation.
Child care is provided on-site.
Child care is provided so that all women in the shelter can meet with and support one another.
Child care is provided throughout the morning for parents.
Child care is provided throughout the morning.
Child care is provided to enable parents to attend together.
Child care is provided upon request.
Child care is provided when needed.
Child care is provided when possible.
Child care is provided while parents work or take classes.
Child care is provided while the adults are being seen.
Child care is provided with crafts, story times, music, and snacks.
Child care is provided with special activities for the children.
Child care is provided, and admission is free.
Child care is provided, and assistance with transportation can be arranged.
Child care is provided, and coffee and cookies are served during the programs.
Child care is provided, and there is no charge for the group.
Child care is provided, at no cost, during each week s workshop.
Child care is provided, free of charge, for infants.
Child care is provided, including a viewing of The Prince of Egypt .
Child care is provided.
Child care is readily available in the community and on campus.
Child care is shared among participating adults, and family involvement is actively encouraged.
Child care is shared cooperatively through a rotation system with parents and volunteers.
Child care is something that affects every working family in America.
Child care is still a crisis for too many working families.
Child care is still unaffordable, unavailable and low in quality for most American families.
Child care is such an integral part of our society.
Child care is the cornerstone of healthy child and family policy.
Child care is the Great American crap shoot.
Child care is the most important thing a new mother has to worry about.
Child care is the most used social service offered by congregations.
Child care is the only program for which the majority of religious congregations charge a fee.
Child care is their only option if they want to make ends meet.
Child care is thus a critical access route for women.
Child care is too costly to allow the head of household to maintain full-time employment.
Child care is unaffordable for many working families in Illinois.
Child care is usually a dilemma for students who have children.
Child care is vital to women's ability to earn an income.
Child care is, also, provided for many other events as needed.
Child care keeps people on the job.
Child Care Needed Busy family needs child care on a part time basis.
Child care needs at different ages.
Child care needs more funding to eliminate waiting lists and improve quality.
Child care needs study .
Child care needs to be seen as a legitimate form of employment and income generation for women.
Child care needs.
Child care offered by the city and county is lower than most private providers.
Child care pays dividends.
Child care poses a serious financial burden for many families.
Child care provided by private businesses is generally expensive.
Child care provided to the extent funding is available.
Child care raises unexpected and sensitive issues that can complicate family relationships.
Child care remains important once parents enter the workforce.
Child care remains one of the lowest paid occupations.
Child care takes center stage.
All child care requires advanced enrollment.
Some child care is available.
Some child care is provided in the public sector.
Child carriers are available for young children.
Child carriers are available.
Child custody can be either joint or primary to one party.
Child custody can take one of several forms.
Child custody disputes increase in difficulty when one of the parents lives outside Nevada.
Child custody includes numerous concepts, some of which overlap and some that are distinct.
Child custody is a major issue in the civil arena.
Child custody is also an issue.
Child custody is an enormous problem.
Child custody is determined according to the best interests of the child.
Child custody is granted to one or both parents of the child.
Child custody is often a complicated legal process.
Child custody is often a source of great heartache and vicious battles in divorce cases.
Child custody matters, Related.
Child custody papers for a child migrating without both parents.
Child development becomes a field of research.
Child development follows a pattern similar to that of culture.
Child development is a class that's tied in with our home economics department.
Child development is a complex process.
Child development is a continuous process from conception through adolescence.
Child development is an integral part of the course.
Child development is one of the most interesting subjects to discuss.
Child development is presented as a joint responsibility of home and community.
Child discipline is strict but inconsistent.
Child discounts are also available.
Child education can create awareness of environmental realities along with economic opportunities.
Child education is a matter of the utmost importance.
Child endangerment is a very serious crime.
Child exploitation is an international problem.
Child exploitation is another serious concern.
Child health is a major concern for many of our readers.
Child health is a priority.
Child health varies by poverty status.
Child labor continues to be a serious problem.
Child labor continues to exist in the United States.
Child labor continues to exist.
Child labor creates a climate where many children support their unemployed parents.
Child labor exists in the United States and the consequences for some are grave.
Child labor hinders a third world country s industrial development.
Child labor is a clear case of such an avoidable aim.
Child labor is a common sight in the countryside.
Child labor is a human rights issue.
Child labor is a manifestation of desperation rather than child abuse.
Child labor is a multifaceted global issue, and there is no one foolproof panacea for it.
Child labor is a pan-Asian problem.
Child labor is a problem in rural areas.
Child labor is a result of a failure to protect young ones from exploitation.
Child labor is a scourge that deserves our greatest efforts.
Child labor is a serious and growing problem in many parts of the world today, including Bangladesh.
Child labor is a serious problem.
Child labor is a topic that has interested many students and teachers.
Child labor is a vicious cycle, a curse that passes from generation to generation.
Child labor is a vicious cycle.
Child labor is a waste.
Child labor is a widespread, growing problem in the developing world.
Child labor is abolished.
Child labor is also a problem, the report states.
Child labor is also a problem.
Child labor is an especially troubling aspect of sweatshop production.
Child labor is an evil at any time.
Child labor is another form of abuse in the Sudan.
Child labor is cheap labor.
Child labor is common.
Child labor is described.
Child labor is everywhere in Nepal and South Asia.
Child labor is formally illegal in some sectors in India while the practice is endemic.
Child labor is found in domestic production as well as in foreign imports.
Child labor is found in the garment and the wood and rattan furniture industries.
Child labor is illegal, but goes on in the emerging informal and private sectors and in agriculture.
Child labor is more prevalent in developing countries but also exists in industrialized nations.
Child labor is nightmarish only in a world where adult labor is nightmarish.
Child labor is one of the most prominent children's rights issues.
Child labor is partly a reflection of poverty.
Child labor is prevalent throughout many poor countries in the world.
Child labor is prevalent.
Child labor is rampant in the hand-knotted rug industry.
Child labor is seen by the world in two different ways.
Child labor is simply wrong.
Child labor is still a problem in many countries around the world.
Child labor is still a reality in the fields.
Child labor is still rife in South Asia.
Child labor is used in some countries but is forbidden in Persia.
Child labor is when a child is being used to do work of an adult for less pay.
Child labor is widespread.
Child labor makes poor countries remain poor.
Child labor persists.
Child labor refers to hazardous and exploitative labor.
Child labor remains a problem.
Child labor remains the most formidable obstacle to education for children in low-income countries.
Child labour exists even though it is illegal in almost all of the countries where it is prevalent.
Child labour is a colossal problem in India.
Child labour is a complex problem that is very much debated.
Child labour is a cyclical problem.
Child labour is a global problem which is causing worldwide concern.
Child labour is a horrid example of manipulation.
Child labour is a matter of international concern.
Child labour is a serious drain on the economic potential of any country.
Child labour is a serious problem.
Child labour is a universal evil demanding solidarity on a global scale.
Child labour is a universal problem demanding solidarity on a global scale.
Child labour is a vast, complex and multifaceted phenomenon.
Child labour is a very complex problem, that's the truth.
Child labour is a world wide problem.
Child labour is a worldwide problem today.
Child labour is always self-defeating.
Child labour is an enormous and widespread problem throughout the world.
Child labour is an immensely complex issue and extremely difficult to solve.
Child labour is caused by poverty.
Child labour is common in Kenya.
Child labour is common, as is the use of unregistered sewing workshops and home-based facilities.
Child labour is common.
Child labour is definitely an issue for trade union movement.
Child labour is forbidden in most countries.
Child labour is forbidden.
Child labour is in fashion now in the media .
Child labour is in widespread use in most developing countries.
Child labour is often highest where adult employment is lowest.
Child labour is one of the factors which perpetuate poverty.
Child labour is one of the main sources of child exploitation and abuse in the world today.
Child labour is part of a continuum of exploitation which starts with adult exploitation.
Child labour is perhaps the most brutal and revolting of all social evil.
Child labour is predominant in tea, tobacco plantations as well as in mining areas.
Child labour is that form of work which is detrimental to the growth and development of the child.
Child labour is the biggest problem, in terms of the number of children involved, around the world.
Child labour is the principal cause of exploitation and abuse of children in the world today.
Child labour is widespread in the developing world.
Child labour is widespread on tobacco plantations in Malawi and Zimbabwe.
Child labour is worst where adults are unemployed and denied the right to form unions.
Child labour remains a key issue.
Child life can be a rewarding career.
Child maintenance is money which is paid by the father of a child to the mother for the child.
Child malnutrition is an important indicator of the general well being of a society.
Child malnutrition persists throughout southern Iraq.
Child maltreatment affects all economic, racial, social, ethnic and religious groups.
Child maltreatment affects all economic, racial, social, ethnic, and religious groups.
Child maltreatment can result in the death of a child .
Child maltreatment can result in the death of a child.
Child maltreatment has a complex etiology that remains poorly understood.
Child maltreatment includes physical abuse, child neglect and sexual abuse.
Child maltreatment includes physical and emotional abuse and neglect.
Child maltreatment is an enormous problem in North America.
Child maltreatment occurs more frequently among socially isolated families.
Child marriage continues despite being outlawed.
Child marriage continues in many countries.
Child marriage continues unabated in several regions.
Child marriage is common in Chad.
Child marriage is outlawed in India, but thousands take place each year.
Child marriages are still a very common phenomena in many parts of the world.
Child marriages are still there.
Child marriages arranged by the parents fall outside their remit and so continue unregulated.
Child marriages can also occur in the context of marriage by abduction .
Child modeling is a multi-million dollar business and it is here to stay.
Child molestation is a horrendous crime.
Child molestation is a national crisis.
Child molestation is a touchy subject.
Child molestation is a violent crime.
Child molestation is an abhorrent crime, warranting serious punishment.
Child molestation is an almost incurable disease.
Child molestation is child molestation no matter what sexuality the molester is.
Child molestation is criminal acts.
Child molestation is out of control.
Child molestation is regarded in every state as a criminal offense.
A child molester is an offender
Child molesters are a plague on society and are considered incurable.
Child molesters are a subset of both homosexuals as well as heterosexuals.
Child molesters are child molesters.
Child molesters are criminals.
Child molesters are four times more likely than other violent criminals to recommit their crime.
Child molesters are like hunters going after prey.
Child molesters are located in churchs.
Child molesters are notorious repeat offenders.
Child molesters are people.
Child molesters are primarily family or friends of the child as opposed to strangers.
Child molesters are sex offenders.
Child molesters are usually likeable people who get along well with children.
Child molesters can be relatives, neighbours, school teachers, camp leaders, or even priests.
Child molesters can be very ordinary people.
Child molesters can use their radar to spot children who are needy and vulnerable.
Child molesters come from all socioeconomic classes.
Child molesters come from all walks of life and from all socioeconomic groups .
Child molesters come in every age, size, and gender.
Child molesters do something called grooming.
Child molesters do what they can to get in positions of power over children.
Child molesters don t stop molesting.
Child molesters get less time than car thieves.
Child molesters go where the children are, and the children are in cyberville.
Child molesters have a tragically high rate of recidivism.
Child molesters have no excuse for their behavior.
Child molesters have well-developed techniques for luring victims.
Child molesters lure their victims with promises of friendship and material goods.
Child molesters perform various non-specific sex acts on victims.
Child molesters prefer very young children.
Child molesters repeat.
Child molesters target shopping malls because they know moms are preoccupied.
Child molesters think of children as their peers.
Child molesters work in groups.
Many child molesters abuse both boys and girls.
Most child molesters are extremely immature individuals who are uncomfortable around adult women.
Most child molesters are heterosexual men.
Child mortality includes deaths within the first five years after birth.
Child mortality is a good general indicator of overall population health.
Child mortality is a significant issue in the hemisphere.
Child neglect can also have fatal consequences.
Child neglect can be chronic, and threaten the growth and the development of the child .
Child neglect increases in states that cut their welfare benefit levels.
Child neglect is a complex and multi-faceted type of maltreatment.
Child neglect is abuse
Child neglect is also one form of child abuse.
Child neglect is as lethal as physical abuse.
Child neglect is defined as negligent treatment which threatens the child's health or welfare.
Child neglect is harmeds.
Child neglect is human activities.
Child neglect is probably more common than direct physical abuse.
Child neglect is the failure to provide adequate food, clothing, shelter, or love to a child.
Child neglect is the most common form of child maltreatment.
Child neglect is the most popular manifestation of methamphetamine usage.
Child nutrition has productivity.
Most child nutrition has productivity.
Children of alcoholics are four times more likely than non-COAs to develop alcoholism.
Children of alcoholics are four times more likely than other people to become alcoholics themselves.
Children of alcoholics are from two to four times more likely to develop the disease.
Children of alcoholics are less likely to receive quality mental stimulation at home.
Children of alcoholics are more like to abuse alcohol or drugs.
Children of alcoholics are more likely to become alcoholics.
Children of alcoholics are somewhat of a higher risk.
Children of alcoholics exhibit elevated rates of psychopathology.
Children of alcoholics have a four times greater risk of becoming alcoholics themselves.
Children of alcoholics have a host of emotional scars.
Children of alcoholics have a relatively high tolerance for alcohol.
Children of alcoholics have greater difficulty with abstraction and conceptual reasoning.
Children of alcoholics run a greater risk of becoming alcoholics themselves.
Children of alcoholics score lower on tests measuring verbal ability.
Children of alcoholics show no increase in major depressive episodes.
Children of alcoholics suffer in school as well.
Children of alcoholics suffer psychologically, emotionally and socially.
Children of alcoholics tend to score lower on tests that measure cognitive and verbal skills.
Many children of alcoholics are resilient.
More children of alcoholics are likely to become nondrinkers.
Most children of alcoholics grow up to live alcoholism-free lives.
Children of divorce are better able to put life's experiences into proper perspective.
Children of divorce are forced early on to compartmentalize their emotions.
Children of divorce are more likely both to divorce and to have children outside of marriage.
Children of divorce are more sensitive to other kids and their problems.
Children of divorce are now members of two single-parent families.
Children of divorce are twice as likely as children from intact families to drop out of school.
Children of divorce are voiceless and powerless.
Children of divorce can reverse the generational curse.
Children of divorce display more pathology than do children from intact homes.
Children of divorce have a harder life anyway.
Children of divorce have a right to grandparents and grandparents have a right to see grandchildren.
Children of divorce have a right to grandparents.
Children of divorce have the right to see and get to know both their parents.
Children of divorce suffer.
Children of divorce tend to be more mature and responsible than their peers.
All children of divorce have the right to be loved by both of their parents unconditionally.
Many children of divorce are reluctant to marry and more likely to cohabitate.
Many children of divorce seem to recover over time from the trauma of the split.
Most children of divorce have acute problems with self-esteem.
Children of immigrants grapple with dual identities.
Children of immigrants have more of a chance to live a better life.
Children of tomorrow deserve a good education system, with good local schools.
Children of war face special problems.
Child play has adult sway, however.
Child porn is a new form of redbaiting.
Child porn is above ground again because of the speed with which people can access it.
Child porn is illegal to produce, transmit, or possess and the couple is now serving long sentences.
Child pornography appears to be a popular Internet hobby.
Child pornography brings out some special stupidity on the part of some folks in certain agencies.
Child pornography can take many forms, which violate both state and federal laws.
Child pornography exists primarily for consumption by paedophiles.
Child pornography exists.
Child pornography hurts the most vulnerable and innocent members of our society-our children.
Child pornography involves the brutal exploitation of underage youth for the sake of profit.
Child pornography is a form of digital contraband.
Child pornography is a hideous offense.
Child pornography is a sad reality.
Child pornography is absolutely against the law.
Child pornography is also big business in the cult, and includes snuff films.
Child pornography is an almost unimaginably filthy business.
Child pornography is an important link in the chain of child sexual abuse.
Child pornography is antithetical to the rights of children.
Child pornography is banned in private as well as in public.
Child pornography is defined more broadly then pornographic material depicting adults.
Child pornography is disgusting.
Child pornography is displayed, bought and sold on the Internet.
Child pornography is evidence of a crime.
Child pornography is illegal .
Child pornography is illegal in almost every industrialized nation.
Child pornography is illegal in Germany.
Child pornography is illegal in the United States.
Child pornography is illegal to produce.
Child pornography is illegal, full stop.
Child pornography is illegal.
Child pornography is material that involves children participating in sexual acts.
Child pornography is obscene evidence of a heinous act.
Child pornography is offensive and illegal.
Child pornography is one of the many ways adults abuse children.
Child pornography is one type of unprotected speech.
Child pornography is pornography.
Child pornography is produced at the suffering of children who are sexually abused.
Child pornography is prosecuted world-wide on a similar, though less than uniform, basis.
Child pornography is smut
Child pornography is the biggest worry.
Child pornography is the most disgusting side of the internet.
Child pornography is the visual depiction of minors engaged in sexually explicit activity.
Child pornography is used in the commission of sexual abuse as a tool to groom the victim.
Child pornography is wrong, no matter what the circumstances.
Child pornography is.
Child pornography requires a continuous supply of children.
Child poverty becomes an extension of family poverty.
Child poverty increases the risks of low educational attainment, abuse and neglect and poor health.
Child poverty is a major issue throughout the world.
Child poverty is a reflection of parental poverty.
Child poverty is a scar on the soul of Britain.
Child poverty is also high in Israel and has remained stable over the last decade.
Child poverty is an extension of family poverty.
Child poverty is an important issue.
Child poverty is bad for children, bad for their families and bad for Canada.
Child poverty is down and the welfare rolls have been cut nearly in half.
Child poverty is higher in rural areas.
Child poverty is highly concentrated geographically.
Child poverty is highly concentrated in the District of Columbia and Prince George s County.
Child poverty is just such a disaster.
Child poverty is on the increase.
Child poverty is public health enemy number one.
Child poverty is seen as both a social and a political problem.
Child poverty is strongly self-perpetuating.
Child poverty is such a disaster.
Child poverty is the result of family poverty.
Child poverty occurs in all geographic regions of America.
Child poverty reduces the lifetime worker output.
Most child poverty is created in the labour market by low wages.
Child predators devote all of their time to children.
Child process executes the command.
Child process says message accepted for delivery, ends the connection, and dies.
A child prodigy is a child
A child prodigy is a prodigy
Child prodigies are children.
Child prodigies are often musicians or mathematicians.
Child prodigies are prodigies.
Child prodigies are so cool.
Child prodigies are usually abnormal, unfulfilled adults.
Child prodigies become adults.
Child prodigy comes to mind.
Child prostitutes know who Atlanta's pimps are.
Child prostitutes sell themselves cheaply, casually.
Child prostitution does exist, yet it is still commonly overlooked by the public.
Child prostitution is a growing menace.
Child prostitution is also a major problem.
Child prostitution is an organized business run by affluent cliques.
Child prostitution is backed up and supported by the same people who make the laws against it.
Child prostitution is fairly widespread.
Child prostitution is illegal nearly everywhere, but the law has little effect.
Child prostitution is investigated as a separate issue and a much more serious problem.
Child prostitution is like an international business where the children are commodities.
Child prostitution is rampant, as well as street walkers.
Child prostitution is the newest tourist attraction offered by developing countries.
Child prostitution tends to be intertwined with exploitation in pornography.
Most child prostitution is also heterosexual.
Child protection has the final say around settlement as does the court is certain circumstannces.
Child protection is a growing issue.
Child protection is always our first priority as caregivers.
Child protection is crime prevention.
Child protection is tantamount to crime prevention.
Child protection is, at best, a dicey enterprise.
Child protection needs to be as important as work programs.
Child psychiatrists are pediatricians.
Child psychiatrists are psychiatrists.
Child psychiatrists evaluate and treat children who suffer from severe depression.
Child psychiatrists feel that most children with encopresis have some type of psychological problem.
Child psychiatrists have additional training to work with children.
Child psychiatrists say that is one reason why their specialty is so important.
Child psychiatrists vary in the degree of their knowledge of the differentiating features.
Child psychiatry remains among the few shortage specialties in medicine.
Child psychologists agree that play is essential to a child s development.
Child psychologists agree that play is essential to a child's development.
Child psychologists are pediatricians.
Child psychologists are psychologists.
Many child psychologists teach that children are basically good, but the Bible teaches otherwise.
A child psychology is a psychology
Child psychology is a specialized field modeled after ideal parenting.
Child psychology is a very interesting and challenging course.
Child psychology is the systematic investigation of the psychological processes of childhood.
Child sacrifice is an old tradition in Ireland.
Child sacrifice is condemned in Scripture.
Child sacrifice is nothing new.
Child safety is an important issue.
Child safety is everyone concern.
Child safety is our number one concern.
Child safety is stressed.
Child safety is the primary concern.
Child safety latches on all drawers or cabinets containing harmful products or sharp objects.
Child safety latches on all drawers or cabinets with harmful products.
Child safety seems to be the top priority here.
Child savers insist such searches are rare.
Child seats are also available from all locations.
Child seats are available at no extra charge.
Child seats are available for hire on request.
Child seats are available if pre-ordered.
Child seats are available on all tours as well as child bicycles.
Child seats are available with car rentals.
Child seats are available.
Child seats are the most effective restraint system available.
