People seem to like to say evil things about PC Chips boards.
People seem to like to shoot dogs and cats for fun.
People seem to linger longer and the landscape gives people ideas.
People seem to live here occasionally.
People seem to lose all sense of reality about the computer scene.
People seem to lose their ability to think critically when such a gray area is so convenient.
People seem to love a king.
People seem to love being able to make comments.
People seem to love book lists.
People seem to love it like that.
People seem to love it or hate it, a response which even the director confirms.
People seem to love it so far.
People seem to love it.
People seem to love our act and the big flag.
People seem to love our music.
People seem to love the interaction.
People seem to love the museums, animals, and beautiful scenery .
People seem to love the programs regardless of the tremendous price tag.
People seem to love the risk of gambling, even if it's just paper money for tickets.
People seem to love their dogs a lot.
People seem to love to get something extra when they buy a ticket.
People seem to make the same kind of mistakes over and over.
People seem to mumble more than they used to.
People seem to neither work nor take vacations, in ways familiar to the West, anyway.
People seem to obey the speed limit much more than over here.
People seem to offer only so much of themselves.
People seem to panic at the mere mention of colic.
People seem to perceive money as being happiness.
People seem to practice what they preach.
People seem to prefer a legend.
People seem to prefer the newer, bigger picnic facilities on the other side of the access road.
People seem to prefer to be mindlessly entertained than to be challenged.
People seem to prefer to believe in myths than reality.
People seem to prefer to go to a movie more in their neighborhood.
People seem to prefer what is easiest.
People seem to quiet down under a tree.
People seem to react to their chronological age in four stages.
People seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older. . .
People seem to really emotionally respond to predators like wolves, big cats and bears.
People seem to really enjoy blaming computers for everything.
People seem to really enjoy helping to make the program work.
People seem to really enjoy reading what has been contributed so far.
People seem to really enjoy text messaging and emailing their friends and colleagues.
People seem to really get that.
People seem to really like it.
People seem to really like the animations and cartoons.
People seem to really love our product.
People seem to really love the product.
People seem to recognize it more than they initially did.
People seem to relate to that one too.
People seem to rely on outsiders to document their culture.
People seem to remember bloodshed and mayhem rather well.
People seem to respond better when it is sent over email.
People seem to respond to the open-hearted nature of it.
People seem to rock out to an album at their house, then come to a show and just watch.
People seem to run into problems with felines when it comes to the topic of scratching furniture.
People seem to search more carefully.
People seem to search more quickly.
People seem to see that field as offering good value for the money.
People seem to see themselves as separate from the seas.
People seem to see two white objects.
People seem to share the same values here and our neighbors have become friends.
People seem to show up in the evening.
People seem to sit back and let wars get started and have no idea that wars are to smash people.
People seem to sleep better in yurts, and often dream more.
People seem to smile more.
People seem to sneak around the house.
People seem to sometimes have trouble figuring out whether certain activities are unlawful.
People seem to spot it.
People seem to spread out their use.
People seem to stick to the flag line now.
People seem to stop voting.
People seem to struggle with the integrity and verifcation issues about how genuine any web site is.
People seem to take extreme positions with few in the middle.
People seem to take many different opinions on web authoring packages.
People seem to talk about everything else.
People seem to talk less and listen more.
People seem to think all the thoughts they think are their own thoughts.
People seem to think it is an area for discussing the weekends parties.
People seem to think it's cool nowadays to dress all in black and be depressed all the time.
People seem to think it's good idea.
People seem to think it's quite funny.
People seem to think that all other authors prove what they say.
People seem to think that because men dominate scientific fields, their ways are correct.
People seem to think that bigger words make their subject, and themselves, more important.
People seem to think that certain criminals are irredeemable.
People seem to think that honey is healthier than sugar.
People seem to think that life began with the achievement of personal independence.
People seem to think that money grows on trees and that the stock market is a money machine.
People seem to think that our videos take a long time to film.
People seem to think that 'rifle' means 'large- caliber hunting weapons'.
People seem to think that the logo needs work.
People seem to think that there's a lot of money to be made in show business.
People seem to think that they are artificial.
People seem to think that they are right.
People seem to think that whales are always alert and capable of dodging approaching boats.
People seem to tolerate pain better when plants are around.
People seem to trust each other.
People seem to trust journalists.
People seem to understand it better.
People seem to understand the role of the priest or religious in religious formation.
People seem to use it in a way to be indifferent to the poor and homeless.
People seem to value quantity over quality.
People seem to value the expansive feeling of open spaces on the campus.
People seem to walk pretty quietly, talk pretty quietly, and entertain pretty quietly.
People seem to walk slightly bent over, their eyes always averting a stranger.
People seem to want a playground.
People seem to want a private area away from the rest of the house for lounging and relaxation.
People seem to want an in-town home, but they just can t afford it.
People seem to want and appreciate the service.
People seem to want it that way.
People seem to want more and more rules and security.
People seem to want more electric lights, better ventilation and sitting space.
People seem to want more interaction and less lecturing sessions.
People seem to want to be frightened by the ugly and repulsive.
People seem to want to create licenses that protect themselves in some way.
People seem to want to exploit even the construction of the shrine.
People seem to want to get back to the basics.
People seem to want to help the underdog.
People seem to want to know about the difference between writing journalism and writing fiction.
People seem to want to know who's calling instantly.
People seem to want to redefine schools to reflect the current reality.
People seem to want to reinvent the use of animation across many types of media.
People seem to want warm, robust, humanistic dramas.
People seem to warm up with a piece of bread and their coffee.
People seem to weather here in the northwestern wind and sun.
People seem to wonder that a lot.
People seem to work less and see their evenings and weekends as sacred.
People seem to worry about funds being mailed out of town.
People seem unwilling or unable to share their pep.
People seem very eager to be of assistance.
People seem very supportive of one another.
People seem very willing to give of their time, treasure and talent in unprecedented ways.
People select characters with whom they identify or admire.
People select great hybrids and varieties.
People select the environments they are best suited for.
People select their own paths, even if they work collectively.
People select which one they want if they want to run.
People sell all diffrent types of toys and a lot of other things.
People sell best what they know best.
People sell better when they know, like and respect something.
People sell brand new things, antiques, overstocks, just about everything.
People sell by owner because they are greedy.
People sell cattle all the time.
People sell crack because they're broke - It comes out of survival.
People sell dank and hash out of huts and stands all over the streets.
People sell drugs that they know are bunk or harmful.
People sell farms, businesses, homes, leave jobs, etc. in preparation for the end.
People sell guns privately at gun shows, over the Internet, through newspaper ads.
People sell homemade pies and clothing, crafts and other items.
People sell homes for various reasons.
People sell hooks for fishermen and souvenirs for the tourists.
People sell insurance only for the money.
People sell insurance.
People sell it all over the streets, some even eat it with chilli.
People sell more than their cattle.
People sell off the smallest parcels imaginable.
People sell parts.
People sell product which also provides an immediate return.
People sell products and render services.
People sell products and services to clients.
People sell raw material for peanuts in order to get food for their families.
People sell ready-made hierarchies of classes.
People sell records off the name trip-hop.
People sell that which they help create.
People sell the ads.
People sell the common man short.
People sell the darndest things.
People sell their businesses for as many reasons as they get into business in the first place.
People sell their domain names for silly amounts of money.
People sell their homes and rent for various reasons.
People sell their insurance policies to raise cash.
People sell their life insurance policy for many reasons.
People sell their products at the market, where no prices are marked.
People sell their soul into the marketplace and can then buy other souls.
People sell themselves short, and it's disappointing.
People sell unwanted items in the classified section every day.
People sell used cars every day and never have any problems.
People sell used items at much lower than new prices.
People sell xray shields to help minimize the xray exposure.
People selling alcohol are also under an obligation to satisfy themselves about customers ages.
People selling baby birds often define the term more loosely than people looking to buy baby birds.
People selling more expensive items can make more money.
People selling products and specific services directly to consumers are retailers.
People selling the ad space say it works, people buying the ad space have a different story.
People send all sorts of questions, mostly about research, but some a little less weighty.
People send and receive messages through symbols and symbolic practices.
People send and recieve mail on computers using the super-highway, the internet .
People send announcements for their files to the group.
People send cards, candy, or flowers as valentines to their sweethearts, friends, and family.
People send each other cards and presents to say that they love each other.
People send e-mail to a paticular topic on a local machine.
People send e-mail to others thousands of miles away in mere seconds.
People send greeting cards, e-mail, have online chats.
People send in a small donation and explain why they'd like to own the grill.
People send in e-mail full of hate or devotion, but always full of emotion.
People send in questions to be answered by a panel of experts.
People send in their ideas for each particular writing style listed on the site.
People send in their kids' project photos all the time.
People send in their resumes to be entered in a directory to which employers have access.
People send it to their wives or husbands.
People send letters, greeting cards, buy goods and services, conduct research on the Internet.
People send messages, called 'articles' or 'postings', to the various newsgroups.
People send money in and recieve no goods in return.
People send notes in the name of another.
People send out resumes and never hear anything back.
People send out their dogs, hoping they'll bring home something for dinner.
People send pyschic influences to others routinely, especially family members.
People send resumes to businesses, aid agencies and even to discussion groups.
People send short memos or large documents from office to office by e-mail.
People send special telegram related to the funeral service.
People send their friends on funny trick errands in Scotland.
People send themselves to hell.
People send wedding pictures, baptism pictures, baby pictures, dog pictures.
People send what they send, regardless of what's on the customer want list.
People sending spam find emails by looking for email addresses on web pages.
People sense an emptiness in their lives, a spiritual longing, a restlessness.
People sense colors on many levels.
People sense it intuitively and respond with trust.
People sense it without our saying a word.
People sense something's wrong.
People sense that.
People sense the commitment.
People sense when chemistry is good.
People sentenced to the jail are in for crimes that have a sentence of one year or less.
People separate themselves by race.
People seperate, they grow apart.
People serve customers and clients.
People serve long prison sentences for speaking out against the government.
People serve most effectively in areas in which they are motivated and gifted.
People serve the king.
People serving as organization supervisors are an invaluable source of information and help.
People serving hatsumode visitors amazake.
People serving on community committees and boards learn how to motivate and lead.
People set great store by environment as a modifying agent.
People set new ambitions and goals.
People set on fire always fall out windows.
People set sail, are blown about a bit, and then head back to port.
People set unrealistic expectations.
People set up a nonprofit organization to lead the way.
People set up equipment.
People set up grills there in the summer, and their dogs exercise every day.
People set up their own areas, and most MUDs grew at phenomenal rates.
People set up their own Web sites because they actually want to communicate with others.
People set up trusts for a variety of reasons.
People set up vigilante groups to track down criminals and ensure justice.
People set up Web 'pages' which are, in effect publications.
People setting examples for everyone else provides motivation.
People setting out to enhance salmon probably are.
People settle in the suburbans or, more recently, in the plain country.
People settle into doing what is culturally conventional at a spiritual level.
People settle into patterns.
People sexually abuse others because they've been abused.
People shake hands as a communication of trust.
People shake hands as often as they see each other during different times of the day.
People shake hands every time they see one another or are introduced.
People shake hands, smile and greet one another like family.
People share a concern about protecting their income, home, and business.
People share all kinds of things.
People share brief messages about topics of mutual interest.
People share community values.
People share computing resources all the time.
People share different views on how to deal with divorce.
People share e-mail addresses.
People share everyday tasks such as cleaning and cooking, as well as work on the farm.
People share experiences and solutions to solve problems.
People share experiences and they teach each other.
People share experiences, strength and hope with each other.
People share good friendships and a warm community life.
People share how their favorite forest or river getaway has changed since last summer.
People share in the experiences of others and draw strength and support from the group.
People share in the responsibility to avoid conflicts with bears.
People share knowledge, but ultimately they decide for themselves.
People share literature and personal experiences.
People share needles for all sorts of reasons like steroids, diabetes, allergies, etc.
People share news and reviews of productions everywhere.
People share one with the other.
People share only the best characteristics to cultivate optimum affinities.
People share only what they wish to share, and the risks of real vulnerability are low.
People share photos of the new baby, or great vacation.
People share responsibilities according to available time and competencies.
People share stories.
People share that warmth and passion with others.
People share the jokes because they are funny.
People share the lake and the mountains that surround it with birds and wildlife.
People share their concerns and experiences via e-mail.
People share their experience coming out of the program and plan the future.
People share their experience, strength and hope.
People share their experiences bad or good.
People share their experiences living with head injuries.
People share their experiences.
People share their lives through their blogs.
People share their opinions quite openly.
People share their tragic experiences of injury and death caused by electrical shock.
People share things they've never shared before.
People share thoughts and feelings.
People share thoughts and visions without speaking.
People share what they have formalized.
People share with one another and try to be helpful.
People sharing a fridge with other lodgers have problems with storing all their week's supplies.
People sharing experiences is what makes each event special.
People sharing houses or flats are in a difficult position.
People sharing often have the bills in one name.
People sharing their stories and exploring the implications for their lives is powerful.
People shed a whole jug of tears for wife and children.
People shed about one gram of skin flakes per day.
People shed more skin than just about any other animal.
People shed tears of joy.
People shed their parkas, exposing acres of pasty white flesh in vain attempts to get tans.
People shell out hundreds of dollars buying programs that promise to improve rankings.
People shift their job responsibilities in the course of a year .
People shift to barter, keep activities off the books, and obtain increasing number of loopholes.
People shift to the bus because it's such a good deal.
People shimmer like beehives.
People shit and pissed in there and the place was littered with empty bottles.
People shoot spell casters just to be on the safe side.
People shoot squirrels.
People shoot that much videotape pretty quickly now.
People shop according to what they can afford.
People shop as if they'll be cut off from their food supply for weeks.
People shop differently, none of that suburban mall madness.
People shop for a bathing suit with more care than they do a husband or wife.
People shop for homes, make travel arrangements and buy books online already.
People shop for prices on cars, houses, even airline tickets and groceries.
People shop for sex just as they shop for clothes, drugs and food.
People shop for tax breaks the way they shop for sales.
People shop here for our know-how, selection, and friendliness.
People shop in different ways, too.
People shop in the same stores and eat in the same restaurants.
People shop online because they believe they'll get better prices and better selection.
People shop only when they have time to shop.
People shop till they drop.
People shop using credit rather than cash.
People shop where they are comfortable, and most people are pretty happy with things right now.
People shop where they bank.
People shop while they're here.
People shop with their pets patiently waiting outside.
People shop, research, communicate, and learn online.
People shoplift at yard sales just like anywhere else.
People shots that show the corporate spirit.
People shout about a lot of meaningless things like sports.
People shout and scream, making it a thoroughly unpleasant experience.
People shout at each other.
People shout for joy.
People shout questions and answers back and forth as they sidestep ladders.
People shout to frighten and enrage the animal until it runs widely with the rider clinging to it.
People shout, scream and dance.
People shove each other on the court.
People shove each other while they're dancing in a crowded bar.
People show a passion for personal and organizational growth.
People show a wide range of variability in their tolerance for chemical exposure.
People show beauty in actions.
People show differences in how they best manage information about stressful events such as surgery.
People show directions by pointing .
People show directions by pointing.
People show disapproval or protest by refusing to vote.
People show friends how the system can turn on their headlights or unlock their doors.
People show high desires for marriage.
People show kindness to each other.
People show love and find happiness in the family.
People show no guilt and have no conscience with the climb to the top.
People show off new toys, describe new techniques, or pass around literature of interest.
People show off their animals and crafts, take carnival rides and enjoy yet more concerts.
People show off their bodies, clothes, children and dogs.
People show off their spring finery, including lovely bonnets decorated for spring.
People show overconfidence.
People show their happiness and joy by lighting lamps in praise of Rama.
People show themselves regardless of the medium.
People show they are unhappy in different ways.
People show up and mingle.
People show up at caves.
People show up at random and get high on a wide range of drugs.
People show up at the helpdesk with a floppy disk that contains the only copy of an important paper.
People show up claiming some particular expertise.
People show up daily with pieces of their past.
People show up here who are distraught over the illness or death of a loved one.
People show up in housekeeping, security.
People show up on time, they work hard, and their work is good.
People show up or things blow up always just at the nick of time.
People show up promptly and in an orderly fashion.
People show up with an abnormal chest x-ray.
People show up with inadequate food because they thought the leader provided it.
People show up, agree on a game to play, and off they go.
People show up, they do stuff.
People showcase their various interests, including hobbies.
People shower each other with colored water and smear red and green powder on each other.
People shown are as follows.
People shriek and scatter.
People shrink, dwindling into symbols.
People shuffle with tiny steps toward the door, then crush aggressively through the opening.
People shufflin' their feet.
People shy away from the Book of Revelation because it has been so misused.
People shy away from time-consuming and complicated systems.
People side with the workers in their struggle to regain respect for their rights.
People siding against the great take it as fate.
People sift through it for plastic, cardboard and other material.
People sigh and shift and whisper.
People sign and forward it thinking they're doing a good deed.
People sign for different reasons, they say.
People sign on from down the block, and around the world.
People sign on, are given a user name, and can post comments, questions, and interesting web pages.
People sign the governor's signature all the time.
People sign the petition.
People sign their name on the paintings.
People sign up and then sit in the queue for months.
People sign up as editors of topics they know something about and then review sites in that area.
People sign up for courts on a first-come basis.
People sign up for online courses for many reasons.
People sign up for projects and months go by and they do nothing towards that project.
People sign up for slots first come, first served.
People sign up to both send and receive a gift.
People sign up to help in exchange for even earlier shopping privileges.
People sign up to take the course over the Internet.
People sign up to volunteer for specific activities at the annual meeting.
People significantly influence their lifestyles through the choice of their home.
People signing on are normal, average, everyday people.
People signup to sponsor the unicycle riders.
People similarly come together when nations are threatened.
People simiply have to learn how to use a new tool.
People simply abide on the upper level.
People simply absorb and accept their culture's understanding of time without even realizing it.
People simply are unable to sit and listen as a fulltime activity.
People simply are.
People simply can t cast a ballot by themselves.
People simply change their minds, and thank goodness they do.
People simply empty out.
People simply express love and comprehend love at different levels.
People simply fail to anticipate the repercussions of their actions.
People simply feel less wealthy because of the market, and are curtailing their spending.
People simply get tired of dealing with it.
People simply go and select their food and have nothing more to pay.
People simply go to church and their hearts are in the world still.
People simply grow apart from the person they fell in love with.
People simply hate the way they look with acne.
People simply have a choice.
People simply have a long way to go in preparing themselves to deal with conflict.
People simply have no awareness of the system of power under which they're suffering.
People simply have to get used to whatever new ideas are being brought in.
People simply interfere into policy making.
People simply like telling other people what their acquaintances and friends do.
People simply like to hold things they buy.
People simply log on and post their story.
People simply look too much alike.
People simply lose their role in society.
People simply love the man.
People simply love their animals.
People simply love their kids more than that.
People simply love to express their feelings, ideas and reactions.
People simply move into an area which still has no church, and start one.
People simply oppose, question, or are confused by the change.
People simply prefer paper.
People simply refuse to submit to authority.
People simply refuse to tolerate death by computer error.
People simply respond sexually in ways in which they have learned to respond.
People simply seem unable to withstand the urge to join the fun.
People simply stay off the road.
People simply surrender to the guru, and they become immature.
People simply think they know more than they factually do about the weed.
People simply trust clean-shaven men more.
People simply write their worries and wishes onto pieces of cloth.
People simultaneously exist in thirty or forty communities.
People sin because of the flesh.
People sin because they willingly sin.
People sin, and they make mistakes when picking a mate.
People sincerely believe they feel the spirits.
People sing along, faces glowing with sweat and the kind of ecstasy only great music can bring.
People sing along.
People sing and clap rhythmically while the dancers dance themselves into a hypnotic trance.
People sing and dance.
People sing and have a grand old time.
People sing and join one another in song spontaneously and frequently.
People sing and shout during worship, but they sing and shout in Spanish.
People sing and weep.
People sing differently standing than they do sitting.
People sing for enjoyment, singing about their history.
People sing it all the time.
People sing it in all the football stadium in Argentina to their team.
People sing it quite enthusiastically - some lift their hands in the air.
People sing off tune.
People sing over a track, and they start to rap.
People sing really slow songs, they sound almost depressing.
People sing songs in order to put enthusiasm into the party.
People sing songs wishing for happiness which are followed by courtship repartee by men and women.
People sing songs, dance or play games.
People sing songs.
People sing together.
People sing traditional songs, enjoy folk music, dance and recount hilarious jokes and long stories.
People sing when they visit as well as at the more general gatherings.
People sing, dance and eat two meals a day.
People sing, dance and play dramas.
People sing, dance and playdramsa.
People sing, dance, and make merry.
People sing, hundreds of songs at once, Yet blending, mixing in mysterious harmony.
People sing, they beg.
People singing along to the beat, themselves go into dancing gyrations.
People sink wells into the ground and tap the water table.
People sip from the unity cup to honor ancestors.
People sip wine at outdoor tables.
People sit along the river to eat lunch, rest, and contemplate.
People sit and stand around, talking, kibitzing, trying to throw people off their game.
People sit and stare at each other in silence.
People sit and talk, share a beer, laugh, and engage in conversation.
People sit around and schmooze.
People sit around and talk.
People sit around saying and doing humiliating things they later regret.
People sit around the table, with their feet tucked under to take advantage of the heat.
People sit around waiting for somebody else to do it.
People sit around.
People sit at round tables for the worship and teaching.
People sit at tables, sipping cocktails.
People sit at the bar for a reason, and that reason is to drink, and to drink in a timely manner.
People sit at their computers at midnight and they can look at properties.
People sit back very complacently.
People sit by the open fire outdoors, roasting their corn during the evening hours.
People sit by the stage on perfectly aligned tables or stand round the back.
People sit down and work all that stuff out.
People sit down around the nabe and eat together.
People sit down by the lake under the big willow trees.
People sit endlessly in cafes in small villages and the largest cities, often outdoors.
People sit for hours both before and after the service.
People sit for years in such churches and never seem to learn anything.
People sit here for two and a half hours sometimes.
People sit in a circle and whisper a secret saying to the person on their right.
People sit in a circle on the floor.
People sit in a cross-legged position.
People sit in a dark stupor, in semi-hibernation, for days at a time.
People sit in a golf course-like setting on bleachers.
People sit in and they fasten their seatbelts.
People sit in beanbags and drink coffee, just as they do with regular chairs.
People sit in front of the light and read a magazine or newspaper.
People sit in hammocks, staring wearily at the dusty dirt road.
People sit in judgment of the church today.
People sit in pairs, face to face and close enough to attend to each other fully.
People sit in several local pubs in the center of the town.
People sit in small groups or on piles of their remaining possessions.
People sit in the bleachers or in the patio area to watch the game.
People sit in the streets or cluster under makeshift tents, plastic sheeting over sticks.
People sit in trees in Africa, and in Korea they worship in shifts.
People sit in twos together.
People sit inside the restaurant, waiting to get outside.
People sit inside the stained glass windows for so long, their brain gets stained after a while.
People sit on carpets and cushions.
People sit on cars, the stone wall, the grass.
People sit on each others laps, it fills some more.
People sit on horses.
People sit on logs, their faces aglow.
People sit on ponies.
People sit on the floor or lean against the wall.
People sit on the ground, stand, watch from rooftops or perch on walls.
People sit on the outer inflated portion of the boat because there are no seats.
People sit on the sand and swim in the water.
People sit on their front porches and walk the streets taking time to catch up with their neighbors.
People sit on their front porches waiting for insurance adjusters.
People sit on their porches here, strangers talk to each other and life moves very slowly.
People sit on wooden benches to talk quietly, read, or pray.
People sit or stand along the sides in the old schoolhouse where the dance takes place.
People sit out front and sort of have to co-mingle.
People sit out here in the sunshine eating and drinking.
People sit out on their porches in the summertime.
People sit out there and get tipsy, and get a little too merry.
People sit outside a pub and drink.
People sit reading or watching tiny televisions built into kiosks scattered through the lobby.
People sit there and drink bourbon and eat chicken wings while sitting on the stones.
People sit there and meditate and pray.
People sit there for hours sipping on cappuccino and just watching the time and the people go by.
People sit there in the warm glow from the screen and they buy stuff hand over fist.
People sit through hours of traffic everyday.
People sit through two hours of radio production.
People sit too long or stand too long, or move the wrong way one too many times.
People sit up and take notice of joy as it enters and transforms a place.
People sit, eat, chat, contemplate the furniture and frequently buy it.
People sit, stand or wander, whispering.
People site back pain as their primary reason for going to a chiropractor more than any other pain.
People sitting around trying to remember names and dates are just prone to guessing.
People sitting close together appear at greater risk of becoming infected .
People sitting close together appear at greater risk of becoming infected.
People sitting on the steps also seem to feel a compulsion to sing and play the guitar.
People size people up.
People skate alone and some play in roller team sports.
People skateboarding do so at their own risk.
People skew themselves with nails and swords.
People skills a plus.
People skills First impressions, initial contacts.
People skills Human skills are vital in today's digital economy.
People skills little knowledge of computers speak very little Spanish, hardworking, puncutal.
People skip from thing to thing on the Web, sampling as they go.
People skip over that part.
People skip reading operating instructions for devices they believe they already know how to use.
People slam into each other in panic, trying to escape to the exit doors.
People slam, finesse, calculate, and flail.
People sleep about as long after an inactive day as after a vigorous day.
People sleep at night and get drunk at night.
People sleep best in cool rooms.
People sleep better after a massage, which helps the body to heal and renews the emotional reserves.
People sleep better without time pressure.
People sleep in baskets suspended from ropes.
People sleep in hamocks aboard.
People sleep in the shelters for all kinds of different reasons.
People sleep later, eat later, and therefore go out later here.
People sleep on bamboo mats, which they roll up in the daytime.
People sleep on buses.
People sleep on steam grates in our cities.
People sleep on the floor, or, if they have a little money, in hammocks.
People sleep on the ground with chickens, pigs and puppies they brought from home.
People sleep on the streets outside their homes.
People sleep too much, sleep too little or frequently wake up in the middle of the night.
People sleep with each other now.
People sleep, meditate, play cards, read papers, air their birds, chat and play mahjong.
People sleep, services are provided, the city refreshes for the next day.
People sleep, sleep in the daytime if they want to, if they want to.
People sleeping rough, especially for long periods, are particularly at risk from poor health.
People slide along.
People slide back and forth.
People slide off the edge of rough, steep mountain roads, roll down several hundred feet, and die.
People slip and fall on poorly maintained pavements and parking lots.
People slip back to mediocrity, and the aliveness they felt dissipates.
People slip silently into the last available seats.
People slip up, it s a fact of life.
People slow down as they drive past smiling.
People slow down at the school because of the signs.
People slow down first, for a period of time, then finally ask for a raise.
People slow down their pace and move in for a closer look.
People slow down to look at accidents.
People slow down to look at it.
People smash down town walls and slay the occupants.
People smear colour powders on each other's face and head and squirt coloured waters.
People smear each other with coloured powder.
People smell insincerity.
People smell it and then head on over.
People smile and carry on with their daily business as if nothing has happened.
People smile and clap.
People smile and hug.
People smile and introduce themselves.
People smile and laugh during their first meeting with others.
People smile and wave when they pass by on the street.
People smile and wave, others stare in wonderment.
People smile at strangers in the street.
People smile back.
People smile because they are happy or they are having fun.
People smile by pulling up both sides of the mouth moving muscle connecting to the cheekbone.
People smile easily and have no trouble striking up conversations.
People smile less here.
People smile when children pray.
People smile when they drive 'em.
People smile when they run eight hours without blowing a fuse .
People smile, even in the rain.
People smile, laugh, and joke when they get it, and even return to get extra copies.
People smile, signal thumbs-up, toss out compliments.
People smile, wave, stop to talk, congregate.
People smoke aggressively in France.
People smoke all over Europe, even more so than in the states.
People smoke all the time.
People smoke at a barbeque.
People smoke at a club.
People smoke because of advertising.
People smoke because they want to smoke.
People smoke because they want to.
People smoke cannabis and blow nothing on the breathalyser.
People smoke cigarettes in various scenes.
People smoke cigarettes way more than people smoke marijuana and they die from it.
People smoke cigarettes.
People smoke cigars because of the enjoyment they get from a top quality smoke.
People smoke different cigarettes in different places and different ways.
People smoke for a complex mix of psychological and physiological reasons.
People smoke for different reasons.
People smoke for lots of different reasons.
People smoke in a bar.
People smoke in a Cuban bar.
People smoke in a nightclub.
People smoke in a strip joint.
People smoke in Japanese restaurants.
People smoke in public places, on public transportation, and in restaurants.
People smoke in pubs.
People smoke in reality, so it makes sense that films reflect that in an attempt to capture realism.
People smoke in the background in a bar.
People smoke in their houses and keep flammable materials like paint and gas in their house.
People smoke it on the lawns and even within the parliamentary premises.
People smoke it, snort it, inject it, even swallow it.
People smoke joints in an underground area of the club.
People smoke marijuana in cigarettes and pipes and mix with food and drinks.
People smoke marijuana in the streets.
People smoke marijuana.
People smoke on the platform.
People smoke pot all the time without going to jail.
People smoke to celebrate a happy moment or hide a bitter regret.
People smoke to celebrate a happy moment, or to hide a bitter regret.
People smoke to help themselves relax, and they even obtain a certain amount of pleasure.
People smoke, they take drugs, they drink alcohol.
People smuggling and trafficking Human trafficking is akin to human slavery.
People snack when they're rushed, bored, anxious.
People sneak backstage a lot more in the South, things like that.
People sneak into movie theaters, too.
People sneak into movies.
People sneak off to the happy hunting ground.
People sneeze themselves to death in the hay-fever epidemic that follows.
People snitch for a bunch of reasons.
People snort or smoke heroin too.
People snort, smoke, and inject anything they can get their hands on.
People so deserve to live with dignity creating their own lives with joy and love.
People soak bread with the antifreeze to kill squirrels.
People soap up, scrub, and rinse without getting into the tub.
People socialise more often and new traditions are being formed.
People socialise together, they become friends, they go to church with their friends.
People socialize in the square drinking red wine and preparing to do vegetable warfare.
People solemnly watch the ceremony, but the party after the wedding is festive and relational.
People solve crimes.
People solve problems and accomplish tasks drawing on the resources that they have available.
People solve problems and identify opportunities.
People solve problems and then implement the solutions on computers.
People solve problems.
People somehow acquire different interests that sink into their characters like lodestones.
People somehow come together to collaborate and create something new.
People somehow conceive that skin color has monetary value.
People somehow have a tendency to let image overpower the music.
People somehow survive.
People sometime forget that last step, remove the original.
People sometime refer to CRPs as having both head and heart.
People soon become desperate switching from one product to another.
People soon can feel they have realistic goals.
People soon choose sides, usually with limited information and high emotions.
People soon look beneath the surface and discover signs of insincerity.
People soon quit going to a restaurant that serves up uninspired food.
People sort themselves by class.
People sound different when they sing into the microphone.
People sound emotional around the issue.
People sound like federal express men.
People Sound The best free music download site on the web.
People Southridge People At the core of what makes our church special are the people.
People spam now because it's simple and quick.
People spam others to advertise products as well as broadcast political or social commentary.
People speak about new economy, internet, etc.
People speak about the quarrels, the starvation, the mud, the dust, the weevils in the flour.
People speak about the R.C.I.A. being a process.
People speak about what is in store.
People speak all the time about bad words.
People speak differently depending on the person they are talking to, or talking about.
People speak differently than they write.
People speak either to inform or persuade their audience.
People speak English there.
People speak French as first or second language.
People speak French or a Bantu language.
People speak glibly about the glory of the common man.
People speak in a modern way while performing ancient rituals.
People speak in abbreviated form.
People speak in every sort of strange tongue and the air is full of every sort of exotic fragrance.
People speak in hushed tones, in much the same way one pities a social outcast.
People speak in hushed tones.
People speak in idiom.
People speak in many different languages.
People speak in sentences devoid of independence and free thought using a purely functional dialect.
People speak in tongues.
People speak in whispers, look over their shoulders constantly.
People speak in words, and phrases, and clauses.
People speak loosely and tend to do the same thing when they write.
People speak many different dialects but share one common written language.
People speak many languages in Africa.
People speak many languages.
People speak of conscience.
People speak of getting on with their lives.
People speak of no-fly zones in the north and in the south.
People speak of poverty.
People speak of the average time between eruptions.
People speak of the oceans as the global commons .
People speak of the Pacific rim becoming the center of world politics.
People speak of the phenomenon of compassion burnout.
People speak of the president.
People speak of the spirits of dead loved ones returning to talk with members of the family.
People speak often of the ivory tower as remote.
People speak on their own behalf.
People speak openly and complain about the government.
People speak other languages .
People speak other languages.
People speak privately, but publicly they are afraid.
People speak quickly as fast as humanly possible.
People speak quietly, with utmost politeness, yet the remarks often leave deep, painful scars.
People speak rapidly for a variety of reasons.
People speak Russian, work at whatever jobs they are set, and are killed if they refuse.
People speak slower.
People speak slowly.
People speak something that sounds a lot like English.
People speak Spanish everywhere in America.
People speak Standard British English as mother tongue.
People speak their minds.
People speak to each another for many reasons, and they do many things with the words they speak.
People speak to others on the street, are courteous and helpful.
People speak too casually of baring their souls, as if it is done simply, or without risk.
People speak up about it and their voices are heard.
People speak various languages and follow many different religions.
People speak when spoken to.
People speak with exaggeration about pain and misfortune.
People speak with their eyes as well as their words.
People speak with their hands, work with their hands, play with their hands.
People speak without clearly defining their words.
People speak, awed, of the Machlis sense of charity and kindness.
People speaking the same language can have different accents.
People specialize for the same reasons that countries specialize.
People specialize in their area of greatest weakness.
People speculate about many things.
People speculate in real estate and they speculate in domain names.
People speed a lot.
People spend a fortune on cosmetics, creams, and cover-ups.
People spend a great deal of money each year to watch comedians or funny movies.
People spend a great deal of time developing their sites.
People spend a heck of a lot of time with their heads in the program notes.
People spend a large part of their lives in buildings such as offices, homes, schools, and churches.
People spend a lot of money here on luxury items.
People spend a lot of money on horses.
People spend a lot of money on wedding gifts, and they want something memorable.
People spend a lot of money purchasing high-quality beds with special mattresses and box springs.
People spend a lot of time getting rid of the evidence of being human.
People spend a lot of time hanging out at the lakes and parks.
People spend a lot of time reading bulleted lists.
People spend a lot of time remembering that Korea was the forgotten war.
People spend a lot of time there hanging out.
People spend a lot of time thinking about sex and sex related things.
People spend a lot of time wandering around the web.
People spend a lot of time worrying about capitalization, especially in relation to meta tags.
People spend a lot to time sitting in cars reading or waiting for public transportation.
People spend a year on costumes, according to the publicists for the event.
People spend additional time writing it, and additional time trying to understand it.
People spend all of their lives learning to identify voices.
People spend all year preparing for the next year's event.
People spend alot of money on the whole event, and to be taken advantage of in that way is sad.
People spend an awful lot of time moving things around.
People spend an entire lifetime trying to make the world like they think it's supposed to be.
People spend an hour a week on hold.
People spend billions of dollars on products every year as a result of it.
People spend billions on stress remedies and are said to be desperate for stress relievers.
People spend days looking for their loved ones.
People spend days preparing for the new year festival of Tet.
People spend days working on a high-hat sound.
People spend days, weeks or even longer writing the perfect resume.
People spend half their day at work surfing the Internet to do their shopping.
People spend half their waking hours at work seeking a sense of accomplishment and achievement.
People spend half their waking hours at work.
People spend hours in chat rooms.
People spend hours of time and lots of attention to look good and to be fit.
People spend hours talking in a chat room.
People spend hours, even days, just surfin' the Web.
People spend hours, lifetimes even, just trying to add to the list.
People spend huge chunks of their life restoring old cars or improving perfectly good ones.
People spend in the same area as they work.
People spend just as much time at work as they do at home.
People spend less and companies cut back on the production of products.
People spend less time outdoors in recreational areas.
People spend less time running around collecting information and more time analyzing information.
People spend less when sporting, cultural and social events are cancelled and travel discouraged.
People spend lifetimes breaking their stick to get rid of anger.
People spend literally years learning and developing a really effective bow grip.
People spend long hours drinking beer.
People spend many hours at work.
People spend many years at school getting a formal education.
People spend money differently as they age, and that affects the stock market.
People spend money on many different things.
People spend money when and where they feel good.
People spend money when they're on vacation.
People spend money where they feel comfortable.
People spend money with companies they know and trust.
People spend money.
People spend more and more money.
People spend more awake time at work than they do with their familes.
People spend more hours on the Internet the more years they have been using it.
People spend more money on gas and car maintenance than ever before because of the long commutes.
People spend more money on their car's extras every day which is obsolete a few years from now.
People spend more on non-agricultural products instead.
People spend more than half of their time at home.
People spend more time a few feet away from their terminals than their TVs.
People spend more time at work than anywhere else during their awake hours.
People spend more time at work than doing anything else with the possible exception of sleeping.
People spend more time at work than they do at home and people love music.
People spend more time at work than they do awake at home.
People spend more time browsing through a paper than searching the Internet.
People spend more time in front of the computer to meet people.
People spend more time indoors than outdoors.
People spend more time learning than in any civilian organization.
People spend more time on the Internet than they do with newspapers and magazines.
People spend more time outside and away from home in warm weather.
People spend more time planning their summer vacations then the rest of their life.
People spend more time planning their vacations than they do planning for the future.
People spend more time reading a menu than a mutual fund prospectus.
People spend more time searching for music rather than listening to it.
People spend more time sitting and relaxing after dinner, sharing the day's activities.
People spend more time watching television than anything else now so it can afford to lose the most.
People spend more time with the Internet the longer they have had access.
People spend more time with TV than any other medium.
People spend more time working at their career than virtually anything else.
People spend most of their life looking for it.
People spend most of their lives at work.
People spend most of their social life interacting with others in some form of community context.
People spend most of their time communicating in business meetings and with groups of friends.
People spend most of their time earning a living and taking care of material needs.
People spend most of their time reacting to others.
People spend much longer talking about it than actually doing it.
People spend much more time at their desks instead of going through file cabinets.
People spend much more time de-bunking hoaxes than handling real virus and Trojan incidents.
People spend much more time in their own heads now.
People spend much more time reading and talking together face to face.
People spend much time entertaining guests, and they have elaborate customs related to hospitality.
People spend so much time developing scripts to manually look at things.
People spend that on a car.
People spend the first day in many hours of devout prayer.
People spend the night in the open air, dances and songs resounding everywhere.
People spend the rest of their lives, learning more about that.
People spend the whole time worrying about the fire.
People spend their after tax income.
People spend their entire lives on boats, never knowing what it feels like to live on land.
People spend their last moments of life residing in that beautiful setting.
People spend their lives training their spirits as well as their bodies.
People spend their spare time praying at the pagodas, with little to aspire to.
People spend their time in the center of town, playing volleyball, soccer, gossiping and shopping.
People spend their whole lives acquiring knowledge, expertise and experience.
People spend their whole lives between intervention and evasion.
People spend their whole lives searching for the answers but never really know the questions.
People spend their whole lives trying to drown out that sound.
People spend thousands of dollars on reproductions.
People spend thousands to have the best.
People spend time listening to citations in the mosque.
People spend time together.
People spend tons of money on sports.
People spend too much money on winter feeding programs.
People spend too much money trying to look like everyone else.
People spend too much time evaluating everybody else.
People spend too much time in their cars.
People spend too much time looking for information.
People spend too much time on it.
People spend too much time tinkering with their investments, and they trade too much.
People spend too much time trying to comply with the tax laws.
People spend too much time trying to escape from their problems.
People spend too much time watching television.
People spend tremendous amount of money for information .
People spend very little time reading word for word on the web.
People spend weeks planning their tree-trimming and then they throw a party for it.
People spend weeks trying to find the loopholes.
People spend whole careers trying to interpret what search engines are doing.
People spend whole nights in prayer.
People spend with a frenzy just to get rid of the cash in their pockets.
People spend years getting regulatory agencies to lessen a single corporate harm.
People spend years learning how to navigate at sea.
People spend years looking for a wreck.
People spend years on waiting lists, trying to adopt a child.
People spend, save, work and mature in predictable patterns as they age.
People spew on and on about the things they like, and who really cares.
People spill drinks on keyboards.
People spin while they are walking somewhere, or riding a donkey.
People spit into the earth between their widening distance.
People spit on the street.
People spontaneously meet to solve tough problems, then disperse again.
People sportfish for many reasons.
People spotlights two recent publications' attempts to improve diverse community coverage.
People spray the whole of New York with graffiti.
People spread it on their gardens.
People spread out in low-density areas remain strangers to their neighbors.
People spread out into the hallways and around the rotunda.
People spread rumors.
People spread sheets on their lawns to reflect the light.
People spread the word like wildfire.
People spring to attention.
People spy on each other, they lurk in the shadows.
People stack up as they stock up looking like they're headed for a long hibernation.
People stake everything they have on the hope of a good potato crop.
People stake their lives on their reading of reality.
People stalk their way through the woods and across streams in the same quiet manner as wolves.
People stand about talking, each with the head of a tiny cat or dog protruding from their lapels.
People stand and bow as the Explorer rotates into view.
People stand and gaze looks of awe and wonder.
People stand and sit as they please.
People stand around and talk or sit down and listen.
People stand around like they are watching a football game trying to catch the score.
People stand around with each other and wonder how to talk to the other side.
People stand around, but it seems to the speaker as if they try to stay far from the rostrum.
People stand at street corners begging for jobs.
People stand by doorways and peak out.
People stand by the roadside very regularly.
People stand for hours in line to get inside.
People stand for hours waiting to receive prayer from their prayer team or pastoral staff.
People stand for hours waiting to see beautiful floats and unique costumes.
People stand for hymns and when the offering is brought forward and sit for the rest of the service.
People stand for the national anthem for many different reasons.
People stand in awe as the hustle and bustle of unloading hundreds of exotic wild animals begins.
People stand in front of cameras on a regular basis.
People stand in front, with raised cupped hands, quietly offering prayers.
People stand in line early morning to get a seat for the evening meeting.
People stand in line just to wait.
People stand in line to buy the brown-skinned yucca root, but also to chat.
People stand in line to get tickets.
People stand in line to see the boy king.
People stand in line to use heavy cups attached to long poles.
People stand in line, To see the boy king.
People stand in long lines, waiting to purchase as much as they can.
People stand in the streets chatting, others go about their business.
People stand on chairs, scream and hug each other.
People stand on it.
People stand on the blankets.
People stand on tip-toes, pointing, straining to see.
People stand out in the hall and all the way down the stairs sometimes.
People stand out of respect for another.
People stand outside and look in, listening to bands and performers.
People stand outside the prison drinking and partying, celebrating death.
People stand quietly, or hug one another.
People stand so close together when they talk they can feel each other's breath in their faces.
People stand still, faces ashen, too scared to run.
People stand there for a long time, talk to one another in hushed tones.
People stand to lose something all the time.
People stand to see what is happening.
People stand up and applaud in the church.
People stand up for different lengths of sobriety.
People stand when the national anthem is played.
People stand with candles in their hands.
People stand, drink bottles of beer and watch.
People standing around pick up their ears.
People standing in front are unidentified.
People standing in line wait to give their IDs to the guy at the door.
People standing on the nearby streetcar stop can view their twisted and bent reflections.
People standing right there, that's the disappointing part.
People standing up for what they believe in is an incredible force.
People stare a moment and pass on.
People stare at Cambodia yet try to avoid eye contact.
People stare at the dancers who offer a message about racial unity.
People stare at the deformity.
People stare at the strangely dressed sahib.
People stare at themselves unabashedly.
People stare in disbelief.
People stare in drop-jaw amazement.
People stare in unabashed wonder.
People stare into the moving water, captivated, as they are when gazing into a fire.
People stare off into the vague wintry distance.
People stare to glimpse at a unique being.
People stare with binoculars.
People stare, But they see nothing.
People stare, smile, wave, yell, honk and take pictures.
People stare, then turn their heads thinking they are better than that man is.
People stare, trying to understand.
People stare, wondering what to do.
People start abusing drugs for a variety of other reasons.
People start and operate businesses for many reasons.
People start appearing as if from nowhere.
People start as kids and never stop.
People start asking for caramel apples as soon as the early apples start coming in.
People start at different times.
People start at the top of an ezine and generally work their way down.
People start believing in what's happening.
People start buying indulgences for dead relatives.
People start buying then.
People start calling from as early as the end of winter, early spring.
People start collecting things to remember that person.
People start coming to work later and leaving earlier.
People start companies because they have to.
People start companies just a few blocks from the place they once worked.
People start complaining about the indoor environment in some fully air-conditioned buildings.
People start co-ops for a variety of reasons.
People start counting from one.
People start craning their necks over the restraining ribbon.
People start dating a lot younger.
People start doing things for their own survival.
People start drinking just to mask their problems.
People start dropping dead.
People start dying and the planet is quarantined.
People start dying.
People start expressing a lot of hostility toward languages other than English.
People start fighting Internet advertising and demanding more personal choice.
People start flooding the streets and cars crowd the roads.
People start following.
People start gaining clarity and are then able to put a name on it.
People start getting full.
People start getting involved.
People start getting serious when it's down to two candidates.
People start going and they just really, really get into it.
People start guessing about the next year's crop yield, by the way the water is spilled.
People start having sex early and indiscriminately.
People start home based businesses for many reasons.
People start jogging.
People start keeping weather records themselves as a hobby.
People start knocking at the locked door.
People start leaving once the hot dogs are finished.
People start leaving the lights come on.
People start life like their cars in the morning, a tired routine of reluctant energy.
People start living the daily news.
People start living their dreams.
People start looking for answers, and invariably something happens.
People start looking for scapegoats.
People start looking for ways to do ministry better.
People start looking in the right direction on many different levels.
People start making an effort to fit their work into nominatable categories.
People start making things to last again, to use less plastic.
People start making up comparisons which look completely outrageous on paper.
People start massnuking or flooding the channel to clear it out, or just to be annoying.
People start most fires in the tropical forests of the world.
People start most wildfires . . .
People start moving back inside.
People start moving out, four at a time.
People start new relationships, while old ones change and end.
People start new threads all the time.
People start off just wanting to get fit, then it gets addictive.
People start off with the best intentions when they put law and other material on the Internet.
People start opening doors at the ends of the car.
People start out as friends but often tensions build up after weeks of isolation.
People start out life as an egg.
People start out with good intentions but many times fail to finish the job they began.
People start out working with each other and end up working against each other.
People start panicking.
People start pollution, people can stop it.
People start quoting dumb poetry about the seasons.
People start retaliating and things can get out of control.
People start rumours and try to get rumours to become rumours.
People start rumours just for the hell of it.
People start running at each other full tilt.
People start saying it.
People start saying, 'Hello.
People start screaming.
People start sending greeting cards for the coming of the new year from a few weeks before.
People start shaving their heads and wearing wigs.
People start shooting handguns, rifles, automatic weapons.
People start small and end up addicted to the hard-core stuff.
People start small and slowly expand the building to the back and top of the house.
People start smoking cigarettes when they're teenagers.
People start speaking in tongues.
People start spending less, companies start producing less.
People start talking about the new business in town.
People start their own businesses generally because they think they have something special to offer.
People start their recovery in different ways and at different points in their lives.
People start things and then just as abruptly, they quit.
People start thinking about it later in the month.
People start thinking about new vehicles.
People start thinking about what they're paying for.
People start thinking outside the box.
People start thinking that writing is a career.
People start threads everyday.
People start throwing confetti and streamers up into the air.
People start to adjust, sky kicking it, squib kicking it, so everyone has to be involved.
People start to be careful about what information they allow on the Web.
People start to become nervous.
People start to believe it's overhyped.
People start to build a case against the friendship.
People start to cement brand loyalty.
People start to come wrestling field early in the morning.
People start to congregate on the foreshore and boats get out on the harbour.
People start to die.
People start to dig to build the new water tank.
People start to disappear.
People start to explore choices for dealing with the issue.
People start to focus on their inner health and happiness versus their physical dimensions.
People start to get tired of smiling into the camera.
People start to head downstairs.
People start to hide their sick relatives, who bleed out at home and infect others.
People start to ignore the normal conventions of society.
People start to leave the station.
People start to listen because it looks like a Strad, but they stay because it delivers the sound.
People start to look at the psycological effect of people and or emotional resourse is used.
People start to lose hope.
People start to move propelled by a certain eagerness to see just where the music is going to lead.
People start to move to the bush for safety.
People start to pack up their camps and some even leave betting on no wind.
People start to pass things on the server side.
People start to point.
People start to put up little roadblocks all over the place.
People start to recognize the music.
People start to relate to each other instead of being alienated as different cultural subsets.
People start to respond to the book for what it is.
People start to run for cover as ashes from the fireworks rain onto their cars and homes.
People start to search again.
People start to see patterns.
People start to slow down, gather inward for the approaching winter.
People start to slowly make their way towards folks who are finishing or go for the dumpster.
People start to smile and forget about their own problems for a few minutes.
People start to stare.
People start to talk funny .
People start to think back to old relationships.
People start to think in systems.
People start to think of world evangelism as their own.
People start to think that surveys are games that can be manipulated, or that they're entertainment.
People start to think that their religion is better than other spiritual systems.
People start to wear beautiful gold jewellery.
People start to withhold co-operation if it helps somebody else get ahead.
People start up companies or come back after taking long breaks.
People start using to have fun, out of boredom, curiosity, to feel good, etc.
People start using younger today.
People start wars, people abuse children and animals, and there's no deity to prevent that.
People start watching out for one another.
People start with a broad sensory range and narrow that range as they learn.
People start with denial.
People start wondering why one sector still has the benefits of security.
People start working hard and it gets contagious.
People start working in the state prisons and then move to the county jails.
People starting companies create wealth, and that process changes society.
People starting in the business today have real personalities to listen to.
People starting out in real estate usually begin working part-time.
People starting small businesses face the question of organization.
People startled by laser exposures occasionally do rub their eyes and scratch their cornea.
People starve and die while investors get rich off the backs of the poorest of the poor.
People starve for all sorts of reasons.
People starve for lack of accurate information during change.
People starve, food is stolen, and very little is said about it.
People starve, the guards are brutal, and starving children are abandoned in the streets.
People state that gays only want to force society to live their lifestyle.
People stay all night.
People stay and people grow.
People stay and read awhile, and, they come back.
People stay and visit and sing.
People stay at home to wait for the cool of the night for activities.
People stay away from acids if they can help it.
People stay away from that phone.
People stay back in corridor.
People stay clear of it.
People stay closer to home.
People stay crying by the grave.
People stay for a long time and many come back often.
People stay for different lengths of time depending on their circumstances.
People stay for the full duration of each retreat within the grounds of the monastery.
People stay fresh longer in aluminum foil.
People stay here and raise their families here.
People stay here because they like the paper and the community.
People stay here for many reasons.
People stay here.
People stay home a lot more than they ever did.
People stay home and watch the candidates perform in the fantasyland of television.
People stay home to watch, or tape it and pass around tapes.
People stay home, the economy is crippled.
People stay in abusive relationships for many reasons.
People stay in Irving because it is convenient.
People stay in poverty because they have no other options.
People stay in prison because of lies, and sometimes bad guys go free because of lies.
People stay in prison because of lies, and sometimes, bad guys go free because of lies.
People stay in shape indoors, at the rock climbing gym and numerous health clubs.
People stay in the air-conditioning.
People stay in their own province or locale.
People stay in touch.
People stay in, away, apart and indifferent on most levels.
People stay indoors to avoid roaming bands of youths.
People stay indoors, hibernating under warm quilts.
People stay inside when it's cold, so business is bad.
People stay inside.
People stay interested until the vehicle or item is sold.
People stay long enough to develop lasting relationships.
People stay near the shore at first, but eventually wander out into deeper water.
People stay on the job when they can see a compelling future.
People stay out of each others sites unless invited.
People stay overnight and lay the favorite dishes of the deceased on the tombs.
People stay overnight for the nature and the trout fishing.
People stay put.
People stay real late to help clean up and take food home.
People stay sober.
People stay there when someone in their family is sick.
People stay up late anyway.
People stay up late at night, having fun, even on work nights.
People stay when their leaders are seen as trustworthy, honest, and credible.
People stay when they love the work they are doing and the people with whom they work.
People stay willingly under our culture becasue they dont see an alternative.
People stay with a company for the reasons listed in the previous answer.
People stay with a job if it is a fulfilling, stimulating job.
People stay with their families, talking little, still in shock.
People stay working here because it's hopeful.
People staying at apart-hotel receive breakfast every day.
People staying at the campground have first priority on boat rentals.
People staying at well-protected resorts and using organized tours generally have no problem.
People staying in the huts can use the bathroom facilities of the dorm buildings or the dining hall.
People staying in the park are more likely to travel by shuttle bus, bikes or on foot.
People steal and rob every day to feed their habit.
People steal cars and race around and stuff.
People steal for many different reasons.
People steal our joy and peace and comfort.
People steal potatoes.
People steal tapes.
People steal things off each others web sites all the time.
People steal what they can see.
People steal, kill and sell themselves for money to purchase drugs.
People steal, they lie, cheat, kill, they're physically violent, verbally abusive, deceitful.
People step forward to work together.
People step in off the street just to have a look around.
People step up to the gate and immediately pass through the exit and go on their way.
People stick a lot of stuff inside tubes.
People stick around because they want to.
People stick around because they WANT to.
People stick by a set range of emotions and are almost never or .
People stick holes in the ground and find what they are looking for all the time.
People stick metal objects through eyebrow, navel, tongue, and more private parts.
People stick their hands in the soapy water without knowing what's under there.
People stick their necks out and they get their heads chopped off.
People stick with jobs where they feel appreciated and have the capacity to do their best work.
People stick with what is familiar.
People still admire their authors and performers.
People still admire virtues like courage, self-sacrifice and patriotism.
People still are going to church and enjoying the services they find there, local clergymen say.
People still aren t exposed to other cultures very often.
People still argue about that today.
People still argue about the concept three hundred years later.
People still ask about taking some first aid items along on a pack trip.
People still ask about Taste, though they split nearly eight years ago.
People still ask for reprints.
People still ask what the brooms are for.
People still ask why an award for architecture honors artisans and craftsmen.
People still aspire to higher incomes, but desperate poverty has been vanquished.
People still assert and seek their spirituality in their individual ways.
People still associate libraries with an older reading audience and solid classics.
People still associate other names with the provision of antivirus software.
People still attach benches and boxes to their gates, to hold bread and water for passing strangers.
People still attach mementos.
People still believe in droves, mainly because they're desperate.
People still believe in the old vinegar and water, or other product recommendations.
People still believe it is a 'choice' to be gay, or a choice to become an addict or an alcoholic.
People still believe that heavy objects fall faster than lighter ones.
People still blame certain plants and their pollen for seasonal hay fever and allergies.
People still boast about making money the old-fashioned way, but the new way is faster.
People still bowl, after all.
People still breathe oxygen and still eat dinner.
People still bring flowers to the monument which are tended to by the city's elderly women.
People still buy and sell from people.
People still buy and sell stocks, bonds, and mutual funds.
People still buy from people .
People still buy from people.
People still buy only books about themselves.
People still call, earnestly trying to offer some advice.
People still can cross the federal land for access to their homes.
People still can go wrong by following their bliss.
People still can take classes to prepare for citizenship tests.
People Still Care .
People still carry around a lot of shame when it comes to adult literacy.
People still carry around cash.
People still cheat, it's just more technologically advanced.
People still check the radiation levels in fresh food they buy at the markets.
People still choose to use horses rather than machines in some places of work.
People still climb hills with their children and dogs.
People still collect gramophone cylingers, cathedral radios and old railroad timetables.
People still come by and want to copy it.
People still come by to visit.
People still come forward, interested in racing.
People still come here for the privacy and the quiet.
People still come here for tradition, but also for Vieques and the prisoners.
People still come here on a seasonal basis to fish, hunt, and gather plants.
People still come here to read and study and work in project groups.
People still come out.
People still come to get away from their busy, landlocked lives just as generations before have.
People still come to Miami, central city of South Florida and capital city of sub-tropical America.
People still come to the old bar in downtown Detroit.
People still come, attracted by the opportunity to build promising lives.
People still communicate in their own Native tongues and have so for many years.
People still consider themselves residents of another state.
People still consult it as frequently as did generations past.
People still continue to suffer and die, even as before.
People still cook stuffing inside the turkey.
People still covet success.
People still create standard images which affect both women and men.
People still dance in their homes as well as in barns and town halls.
People still demand the skins of spotted cats.
People still depend on it.
People still depend on physical proximity.
People still desire acceptance, prestige, and other social values.
People still dictate their letters, as they've always done.
People still die dreadful deaths from incurable illnesses.
People still die of cancer.
People still die of dehydration today.
People still disagree with it.
People still discuss making language simpler and more modern in Egypt.
People still do it, and it's a neat way to get around the airlines' restrictions.
People still do it.
People still do make wood bookshelves.
People still do that.
People still do the same thing today.
People still do today.
People still do, and it s tragic.
People still do, on rare occasion, kill each other.
People still do.
People still don t feel understood.
People still don t know where Korea is on the world map.
People still don t understand that it only takes that one time.
People still dont know.
People still dress up and go from houses as they did years ago.
People still drink along the street, sleep along the street and fight along the street.
People still drink and drive.
People still drink just as much.
People still drive cars and sream a lot, and shoot each other.
People still drive from one side of town to another.
People still eat it up.
People still eat, drink, sleep, and go to work on regular schedules.
People still end up very unhappy, unloved, and sometimes dead because of their pursuit of money.
People still enjoy city life and the conveniences it offers.
People still enjoy collecting animals to display in their private homes.
People still enjoy cooking traditional Indian foods .
People still enjoy watching electricity shows.
People still escape to freedom and others are still imprisoned.
People still expect government to work.
People still expect objects with things that make sounds.
People still expect to get free information on the Net.
People still fall in love.
People still find bones all the time.
People still fish a little.
People still flock to movie theaters in droves.
People still gather downtown for concerts and festivals.
People still get into small press because they have something to say.
People still get money by selling copra.
People still get on the Internet to learn, research or find information on something.
People still get sick.
People still get the flu and other diseases.
People still get the problem wrong, even when it is stated carefully.
People still go on emotions and reactions.
People still go on fox hunts by horse back.
People still go out way too fast.
People still go there to have fun.
People still go there.
People still go to Dallas to eat and shop, but they come in droves to Fort Worth for museums.
People still go to school, to work, to the cinema, but are obliged to travel longer routes.
People still go to see the Field of Dreams.
People still go to the baker for bread, the fruit and vegetable store and the cheese store.
People still go to work in the mornings, children go to school and people shop for food.
People still hate taxes.
People still hate the guy they hated in high school.
People still have a hard time believing that.
People still have a long way to go in terms of equality.
People still have a lot of question.
People still have a lot to learn about how to live with one another well and wisely.
People still have a love for the computer.
People still have an aversion to admitting they have hearing problems.
People still have considerable concerns about privacy.
People still have difficulty distinguishing between truth and propaganda.
People still have faith.
People still have issues with physical contact, just on the other end of the stick.
People still have jobs and see a lot of companies advertising for help.
People still have jobs.
People still have prejudices and minorities can experience discrimination.
People still have pretty good memories.
People still have problems in getting to grips with what it's all about.
People still have problems with Boolean searches.
People still have rights.
People still have such strong stereotypes of special needs children.
People still have that dream.
People still have the ability to control how much they pay for water under a third tier system.
People still have the desire to go into galleries, view paintings and then make their selection.
People still have the expectation that it is much slower.
People still have the right to wharf out.
People still have their heads in the sand.
People still have to apply for accounts on the individual services.
People still have to be impeccable in their work.
People still have to be told to turn off their ringers at, for example, funerals.
People still have to call into the help desk to get the programs installed on their computers.
People still have to commute.
People still have to eat, and programmers in Silicon Valley can eat well if they shop for jobs.
People still have to find the resources to change.
People still have to meet course criteria and graduation requirements.
People still have to purchase the CDs.
People still have to use tricks to avoid overfitting .
People still hunt seal for meat when possible.
People still interact with it through reading and writing.
People still know each other and they know each others' kids.
People still know little about lymphedema of the lower extremities.
People still know where to find their clergy.
People still laugh when someone suffers a minor misfortune like falling into a mud puddle.
People still learn through their five senses.
People still leave their front doors unlocked.
People still like being around other people.
People still like it everywhere it s shown.
People still like it.
People still like that outward wisdom.
People still like to get out and see live bands.
People still like to go in and browse in a good book store.
People still like to go shopping.
People still like to go to the mall.
People still like to go to the record store and hold a disc in their hands before purchasing it.
People still like to kick the tires.
People still like to live here, and move here in droves.
People still like to read the newspaper, they still like to read print.
People still like to see the commodity and feel the commodity.
People still litter.
People still live by the ancient rhythms of planting and harvest and of birth and death.
People still live by the ancient rhythms of planting and harvest of birth and death.
People still live here.
People still live in the adobe structures that have been around for a millenium.
People still live in the lower level, but the second story was taken out several years ago.
People still live inside.
People still live off the land and sea as did their fathers, grandfathers, and great-grandfathers.
People still live on the island, after all.
People still live there, and it's an agreeable place.
People still live there.
People still look at online memorials as a novelty.
People still look for it because it is cheap, making the fish more public.
People still look to the legal profession for leadership.
People still look up to America.
People still love and still hate.
People still love music from our punjab.
People still love one another.
People still love the city and they want everything it has to offer.
People still love the potential of technology, though.
People still love the show because it s like watching a secret childhood fantasy brought to life.
People still love the space program.
People still love the tradition of real, natural trees in their homes for the holidays.
People still love their footy.
People still love to post banner ads and can drive lots of traffic.
People still love to read books.
People still love, plot and keep grim secrets.
People still make a difference.
People still make a point of visiting their parents and grandparents.
People still make and use atlatls today.
People still make errors in scoring.
People still make phone calls, scurrying from one bank to another to get prices.
People still make pilgrimages to the site.
People still make that choice today.
People still make the difference.
People still make wars and peace.
People still marry within their own classes.
People still meet strangers they know from chat rooms.
People still mourn when people die.
People still move from the city to the suburbs.
People still murder and thieve and rape.
People still observe the tradition and celebrate a wide variety of festivals.
People still pay a good monthly fee for that.
People still pay a premium for clubs sited at good locations.
People still pay with the national currency of Guatemala.
People still point at that period as one, when they started to lock their doors at all times.
People still possess characteristics of youth in old age.
People still post there on occasion.
People still pour into South Florida.
People still pray for strength to help face suffering and problems of a thousand different kinds.
People still prefer a hardcopy version of useful texts.
People still prefer phone.
People still prefer the more refined imperial Chinese porcelain.
People still prefer the muted blues and blacks and sleek grays.
People still prefer to make their heritage purchases in traditional ways.
People still prefer work to unemployment.
People still produce audiotape zines.
People still question the war.
People still quote lyrics weeks later.
People still rally to fly the conferdate flag.
People still react strongly to the subject.
People still read by the weak light of candles and oil lamps that used the same vegetable oils.
People still read from left to right.
People still recall it in vivid detail.
People still receive calls on their ad years after the edition in which it appeared.
People still refer to it that way.
People still refer today to v.
People still remember and hope.
People still remember and love that pink color and fresh scent.
People still remember that crash.
People still remember that.
People still remember' The championship has stuck with Georgia's fans, too.
People still remember the emotional excitement at every event during the festival.
People still remember what happened last year and want to do something about it.
People still resist change, even though the amount of change in their work lives has increased.
People still respect the presidency, but the edge is off.
People still respect their work.
People still ride and rise horses.
People still ride horseback as a method of transport and bicycles are common place.
People still run red lights even though our society penalizes such behavior.
People still save deck charis and disappear for hours at a time.
People still say that one.
People still say that today.
People still say they have seen nothing like it and they are right.
People still say things.
People still see it as they once saw the American dream.
People still see sanitation as the construction of latrines.
People still seem to be on edge, though, as there are reminders of the tragedy everywhere.
People still seem to be spending.
People still seem to feel the same way.
People still seem to love the thrill of technology.
People still seem to want new designs, thank heavens.
People still seem very excited about boysenberries though.
People still shudder at the horror.
People still sleep in the open.
People still smile and say hello, they stay to chat after the mass.
People still smoke cigarettes, including teens.
People still speak it in their homes.
People still speak of compromising wild lands.
People still speak to each other and to strangers, and men open doors for ladies.
People still stay in the camps.
People still struggle basically with the same problems as then.
People still struggle with change.
People still suffer from anxiety, from grief, from loneliness.
People still suffer from disease physical and mental.
People still take bribes as additions to their little income so their family can have a decent meal.
People still take walks on the plaza.
People still talk about it, still argue about it.
People still talk about it.
People still talk about our unique wedding and the service.
People still talk about that day.
People still talk about that.
People still talk about the cat fight two years ago.
People still talk about the Holocaust and the Soviet gulags.
People still talk about the seven wonders of the world.
People still talk about truth.
People still tallk.
People still teach their kids to hate groups of people based on ethnicity or personal beliefs.
People still think cats are half wild and can just take care of themselves.
People still think in gender-biased terms that subtley give men a serious advantage.
People still think of Seattle as the grunge capital.
People still think of the episodes of illness as being what it's all about.
People still think that it's as bad as in the past.
People still think that the peace process is all about politics.
People still think that they are invincible.
People still think that today, people who don t know what our history was all about.
People still think that what makes people well are doctors, nurses, hospitals, and drugs.
People still think there is more to the Internet than is in fact there.
People still think they are free to do as they please.
People still thinks it is right to persecute and kill homosexuals.
People still touch wood to avoid misfortune.
People still trap beavers for their fur and to reduce their numbers where they cause problems.
People still travel miles to sit in the authentic barber chair.
People still travel the pilgrim's road, walking, cycling and driving.
People still treat asthma as an episodic disease.
People still treat sacred things as good luck charms.
People still try to do that . . .
People still try to tinker.
People still try to use the elevators during a fire.
People still underestimate the impact of the Internet.
People still upload images here anyway.
People still use analog tape, and analog tape technology continues to evolve.
People still use Aztec symbols in Mexico .
People still use Aztec symbols in Mexico.
People still use bacon fat to add shine to the eggs after they are decorated.
People still use Bassets for hunting rabbits today.
People still use cash.
People still use drugs, and some abuse drugs.
People still use drugs.
People still use e-mail more than web browsers and file transfer programs.
People still use it as an alternative.
People still use that area to go and hunt whales and they want to be able to continue to do that.
People still use the baths for their health-giving properties.
People still use the derned things today.
People still use the house.
People still use the place names.
People still use the railroad tracks, the river and the post office to navigate.
People still use the sign today.
People still use the tried and true methods of travel, including their feet.
People still use traditional media, but they find news from the new media credible and useful.
People still value commitments and relationships and character.
People still visit the grave and leave flowers hoping for peace.
People still visit the hardware store, get a haircut, do some business at city hall and have lunch.
People still wait for a good, secure and stable e-commerce system that one can rely on.
People still wait for the mail for the things they're used to getting.
People still walk in their neighborhoods in the evening.
People still walk, and they use two-wheeled carts too.
People still watch it from on the ground .
People still watch it from on the ground.
People still watch the game, and there are still fights.
People still wave, smile and greet each other on the streets.
People still wear scarves.
People still work, still play, and still practice religion during winter and summer.
People still worry about over-population, the environment, and the next international crisis.
People still worship gold.
People still write cowboy poetry.
People still write letters to Santa.
People still write poetry and music, and they still paint and sculpt.
People stilll are singin' different songs.
People stockpile all they can get with no thought of the needs of others.
People stop a chaplain on the road and ask for advice or a prayer.
People stop after a few screens because they get tired.
People stop all the time.
People stop and chat over it.
People stop and eat at a row of tables near the window, or get the food wrapped to take home.
People stop and get their pictures taken in front of it.
People stop and listen, and it's a beautiful setting.
People stop and stare at awe, totally impressed by the band's focus and unity.
People stop and stare.
People stop and stared.
People stop and talk, or exchange recipes.
People stop and they look and comment.
People stop because they no longer feel sick and assume they are fully cured.
People stop believing that social progress requires social discipline.
People stop by and ask questions about the changes and comment on how nice the neighborhood looks.
People stop by and say hello.
People stop by for a few minutes, a few hours or the entire evening.
People stop by just to chat.
People stop by to see the current exhibition and what's new in the back room.
People stop climbing trees when they grow up.
People stop coming to church for various reasons.
People stop coming to practice.
People stop coming.
People stop dancing and begin to listen more.
People stop down, and they say it's so good to see the horses in the field.
People stop eating chocolate before ingesting toxic levels.
People stop expectantly, hoping to witness New York's finest in action.
People stop for a chat and exchange of information with anyone they meet on the way.
People stop for gas, they want their oil changed, they have a flat they want fixed.
People stop furiously taking notes to participate.
People stop here on the way home from work, on weekends, just whenever they feel like it.
People stop in before work to get their espresso.
People stop in early just to take pictures of it.
People stop in to chat or have a cup of tea in the relaxing atmosphere of the greenhouse.
People stop just to look at the monitor.
People stop loving each other.
People stop making speeches, and marching with placards.
People stop participating.
People stop paying attention.
People stop praying.
People stop reading.
People stop reinvesting in their businesses and their homes.
People stop talking to each other and the organization falters.
People stop their cars all the time.
People stop themselves from most of what they can really achieve.
People stop there to buy their beer.
People stop there when they are hungry and thirsty.
People stop thinking as soon as something is labeled as a 'best'.
People stop to chat about life, strangers honk and wave from their cars.
People stop to look at car accidents for the same reason.
People stop to sit and chat with their friends.
People stop to smell what grows here.
People stop to take pictures all the time.
People stop to visit each other's shanties, maybe sharing a beer while they sit and talk.
People stop to watch as the beautiful white stallion proceeds fastly onward.
People stop using things because of fear.
People stop work to listen.
People stop working and stare or bellow out greetings.
People stop working out because they do the same thing for too long.
People stop, stare, and even wave.
People stopping in the arcade next to the food court can ride a virtual skateboard.
People stopping the office invariably pick it up and page through it.
People stopping underneath overpasses block the flow of traffic, putting others in danger.
People store every conceivable type of information in files.
People storm the field.
People strain under the yoke of dumb rules, and it's no different with rugby on the field and off.
People stranded on the expressways are often in a dangerous situation.
People stratify into groups they feel most comfortable with.
People stream along the sidewalks.
People stream backwards and forwards.
People stream to outdoor cafes.
People stream toward their cars.
People stress either knowledge or morality.
People stress the negative aspects of laws rather than the positive.
People stretch it out trying to get a better idea of what's going on down there.
People stretch out for naps.
People stretch the truth for money, attention or fame.
People stretch the truth in personal ads.
People stretch the truth in resumes.
People strictly find the company while doing research on the Internet.
People stride by with their eyes averted or a shy smile, but keep their pocketbooks closed.
People stride or trundle down ribbons of stone sidewalk.
People strive for some consistency and continuity in their appearance perceptions.
People strive for something they don t have.
People strive hard to make the most perfect mirror they can.
People strive in natural patterns, or MOs.
People strive only for high needs when low ones are met.
People strive purposefully and intentionally to understand a complex universe.
People strive to develop in a positive fashion toward greater self-actualization.
People strive to impose a moral framework on new economic realities.
People strive to obtain employment that they'll enjoy and draw their pay from jobs well done.
People strive to satisfy their own psychological needs, whether it be unconscious or conscious.
People strive, but they've got no brain.
People stroll along the river, listening to beautiful and eclectic music.
People stroll in after spending time with the media, fans, and celebrating on the field.
People stroll our neighborhoods, walking dogs and watching the children play.
People stroll where junked cars once rusted.
People strolling along the Boardwalk are able to look over the vehicles picking out their favorites.
People strongly believe that over time buying a home works out cheaper than renting.
People strongly endorse the idea of community service as a requirement for high school graduation.
People strongly support sex education in schools.
People structure their time to be as full as possible.
People struggle day to day to fulfill their aspirations only to be met with disappointment.
People struggle every day for even a meager existence.
People struggle every day to make ends meet.
People struggle for a moment of rest, Only to give it over in the name of the efficient proletariat.
People struggle for leadership.
People struggle in their Christian life.
People struggle to find appropriate terms, some more satisfying than others.
People struggle to get access to proper medical treatment, school for children and even work.
People struggle to survive.
People struggle to understand how such incidents can happen in suburban schools.
People struggle to understand why.
People struggle with authority.
People struggle with depression, loneliness and the sense of unrealized expectation.
People struggle with different things when they quit.
People struggle with ethical questions, trying to do the right thing.
People struggle with their self-esteem issues.
People struggle, they suffer.
People struggling with agoraphobia can usually identify one precipitating event.
People struggling with lipodystrophy problems face similar, uncharted courses of action.
People study ancient civilizations to learn about their contributions and their failures.
People study and learn form one another.
People study at all ages now.
People study biology only if they are planning to become biologist.
People study differently.
People study for the boards.
People study fungi for a variety of reasons.
People study it, memorize it and read it aloud.
People study linguistics for many reasons.
People study mathematics for many reasons.
People study mathematics for various reasons.
People study pulsars because it's fun to discover things that nobody has ever known before.
People study the body for physical well being.
People study the membership of some rogue group.
People study the mind for mental well being.
People study the oceans in many ways.
People study the swarm intelligence of social insects and animals such as fish , birds , and ants .
People study the swarm intelligence of social insects and animals such as fish, birds, and ants.
People study volcanoes for lots and lots of reasons.
People study, they work hard.
People stuff themselves and then use the rest of the day to relax .
People stumble often.
People stumble onto information.
People stupidly go down there to investigate a suspicious sound and they don t come back alive.
People stutter all the time.
People subject their inner, suppressed, stifled perception of time to extrinsic structures.
People submit a sealed bid through their real estate agents.
People submit messages to discussion groups.
People submit postings on freebies they know about.
People submit questions and others answer, all duties are very open and public to all.
People submit their opinions because they have the right to.
People submit their own drawings, and stuff.
People submit their poems in the hopes of getting published.
People submit their product designs all the time.
People submit their site and others can vote daily for the site they believe is the best.
People submit too many boring ones.
People submit work to be featured on the site.
People submit writings to be selected and published every two weeks.
People subordinate their own interests and give in to the group way of thinking.
People subpoena e-mail records all the time.
People subscribe and can view a screen with subject lines, authors and news article numbers.
People subscribe and unsubscribe based on their schedule and needs.
People subscribe independently to kb and kb-digest.
People subscribe to a list for the topic intended.
People subscribe to a list on a topic of interest by sending a simple command by Internet e-mail.
People subscribe to an address on a subject of interest.
People subscribe to e-zines because they have an interest in the topic.
People subscribe to it in order to get advertisement by e-mail.
People subscribe to it.
People subscribe to lists and make friends.
People subscribe to mailing lists voluntarily.
People subscribe to philosophies that yield predictable conclusions.
People subscribe to such a list because they want to receive certain information in their email.
People subscribe to such a list to get the most current information from that source.
People subscribe to the lists and discuss topics of mutual interest.
People subscribe to the magazine and sign up for one or more of the games on offer.
People subscribe to tons of newsletters.
People subscribe with remarkable ease to things that are free.
People substantially underestimate the risks of smoking.
People substitute among types of exercise in response to the volume of the music.
People succeed and people fail in the fire of revolution.
People succeed because they know what they want and where they are going.
People succeed in combining the two religions.
People succeed in HR careers with a number of different academic backgrounds.
People succeed or fail depending on how they apply their brains.
People succeed or lose on the basis of their habits.
People succeed when there is creative, energizing conversation with people in the pew.
People succeed when they are given a stake in the outcome.
People succumb to snakebite and malaria.
People succumbing to the old life is nothing new nor is it news.
People suck .
People suddenly become environmentalists when their property is being threatened by development.
People suddenly change sides in abrupt and unexpected ways.
People suddenly change sides or change their minds in sudden and unexpected ways.
People suddenly realize they've got to have everything ready to go.
People sue all the time.
People sue anybody, anytime for anything.
People sue at the drop of a hat.
People sue for all types of reasons.
People sue for anything.
People sue now because there is nothing to lose.
People sue over a hot cup of coffee.
People sue people.
People sue the makers of cigarettes because the cigarettes caused cancer.
People suffer - every one.
People suffer all across America.
People suffer and their organizations suffer.
People suffer because of attachments of one sort or another.
People suffer because of racism.
People suffer body aches .
People suffer brain injury every day without losing consciousness.
People suffer but tolerate silently when merit is ignored.
People suffer deeply from depression.
People suffer dementia and loss of control of movements before they die.
People suffer emotional and spiritual losses as well.
People suffer for many reasons.
People suffer from attacks by the military every day.
People suffer from confusion and despair.
People suffer from cultural and economic exclusion.
People suffer from depression, loneliness, misunderstanding, and family and marital problems.
People suffer from insomnia and general discomfort during the daytime.
People suffer from insomnia.
People suffer from malnutrition, disease, parasites.
People suffer from scurvy on the ship.
People suffer from the pain, obviously, when it s untreated.
People suffer from the violence of poverty and unemployment every day.
People suffer greatly today, and have for thousands of years in India.
People suffer health-related illness when the body's temperature control system is overloaded.
People suffer heat-related illness when the body's temperature control system is overloaded.
People suffer highly in poverty.
People suffer in our midst.
People suffer in silence, that is Iraq to-day.
People suffer just for being born by the wrong parents in the wrong part of the world.
People suffer less when they find something better to do.
People suffer needlessly.
People suffer on all sides regardless of skin color, class background or social status.
People suffer problems with their corneas for a wide variety of reasons.
People suffer today because evil entered creation and disrupted it.
People suffer today from the feeling of loneliness.
People suffer today when they are denied work or acceptance because of their race or appearance.
People suffer when China becomes isolated and hostile.
People suffer when privacy and confidentiality are lost.
People suffer when someone steals or vandalizes a vehicle.
People suffer when they are enslaved in any way.
People suffer when they are unable to express the diverse agent that they are in life.
People suffer when they die, but Muny had always hidden from it in the past with drunkenness.
People suffer with diarrhea or vomiting for about three days but then fully recover.
People suffering chronic pain appreciate the health characteristics of a waterbed.
People suffering from allergies often are prone to other disorders.
People suffering from anorexia are very skinny but are convinced that they are overweight.
People suffering from any form of the effects of addiction are welcome .
People suffering from asthma and other lung ailments are especially vulnerable to airborne sulfates.
People suffering from asthma can benefit by including it in their menu.
People suffering from asthma, poor digestive system, weak immune system, also suffer from psoriasis.
People suffering from burnout often end up angry, anxious, and worried.
People suffering from cardiovascular disease are particularly at risk.
People suffering from celiac disease often develop cracked corners.
People suffering from clinical depression tend to have difficulties eating and sleeping.
People suffering from depression can become very good at hiding it, only causing more problems.
People suffering from depression feel as if they are letting their family down.
People suffering from depression often feel too fatigued and hopeless to seek help.
People suffering from depression, for example, are very commonly anxious as well.
People suffering from deviation appear to be drunk.
People suffering from diarrhea also suffer from dehydration due to the loss of water.
People suffering from fibromyalgia, often have low magnesium levels.
People suffering from fungal exposures are faced with difficulties.
People suffering from heart disease are twice as likely to have a heart attack an hour after sex.
People suffering from heart disease can start living healthier lives with a heart transplant.
People suffering from hypertension usually depend on drugs their entire lives.
People suffering from insomnia usually describe themselves as light sleepers.
People suffering from it also have mood problems like depression or mania .
People suffering from it also have mood problems like depression or mania.
People suffering from it are said to be psychotic.
People suffering from it have problems finding their way around in the world .
People suffering from it have problems finding their way around in the world.
People suffering from job burnout, however, are unhappy almost all the time.
People suffering from laparoscopic cholecystectomy is a risky surgery.
People suffering from malaria are often anaemic and have enlarged spleens.
People suffering from malaria can develop severe disease symptoms very rapidly.
People suffering from manic depression are often artistic, and express their pain through their art.
People suffering from mental affliction visit the place for relief.
People suffering from mumps have persistent sore throat.
People suffering from neurosis usually suffer much greater levels of anxiety.
People suffering from schizophrenia do manage to lead independent and satisfying lives.
People suffering from sleep deprivation are also much more entertaining than usual.
People suffering from social phobia fear the scrutiny of others.
People suffering from stress tend to find relationships difficult.
People suffering from the disease produce a smaller amount of red and white blood cells .
People suffering from the disease produce a smaller amount of red and white blood cells.
People suffering from traumatic brain injury often exhibit changes personality and lifestyle.
People suffering from ulcers are in the greatest danger.
People suffering jet noise have a right to participate in decision making about airport operations.
People suffering pain from gallbladder disease are most likely to visit hospital operating suites.
People suffering unnecessarily In the end, consumers suffer the most.
People suffering with rapid hair loss now have new hope.
People suggest books they've read or want to read.
People suggest different dome zones that ought to exist.
People suggest that the courts have been deluged.
People suggest various ways to revive the good in our lives.
People suggesting supply management in the pork industry are the selfish and greedy.
People supply information for the researcher to write a book.
People support allocating more of our existing resources for education.
People support each other, release, leave and come back.
People support each other.
People support from peers.
People support institutions they have ownership in.
People support it in the abstract, but often object to how it applies in real life.
People support one another's activities to a high degree here.
People support our team tremendously.
People support people.
People support projects they help create.
People support removing partisanship from city politics.
People support the basic performance of services and support.
People support the concept of superannuation.
People support the restrictions, and in most cases, profits increase.
People support the scent-free request because they recognize that school is a place for learning.
People support their own ideas.
People support track here more than other places.
People support what they create and that's evident in the Macon area.
People support what they create.
People support what they help create.
People support what they help to create.
People support what they help to destroy.
People supporting the bill say motorcyclists deserve the freedom of choice.
People suppose the poor have no imagination, sophistication or class.
People supposedly experience a variety of other benefits as well.
People suppress a lot and it has to come out.
People surely do.
People surf for many reasons.
People surf just the way they are.
People surf the Internet for information.
People surf the internet for many purposes.
People surf the Internet.
People surf the Net for information, to answer their questions and to solve their problems.
People surf the Net looking for information of interest.
People surf the rings, and look at awards.
People surf the web almost daily, so getting paid for it was an attractive offer.
People surf the web primarily for information.
People surf the web to gather information.
People surf the web to read.
People surfing the Internet can now access our stories.
People surfing the Internet find various web sites by entering key words or phrases when searching.
People surfing the web are an impatient lot.
People surfing the Web are typically impatient.
People surrender or abandon wonderful dogs for which they've paid hundreds of dollars.
People surrender their neighborhoods to cars.
People surrender their parks and sidewalks, and stop trusting people.
People surrender their pets for a number of reasons.
People surround themselves with possessions for many different reasons.
People surround themselves with symbols of their identity.
People surround themselves with symbols which impart meaning to other people.
People surrounded by trees tend to be healthier.
People survive and are stronger for their suffering.
People survive and even prosper in times of pain, suffering, and hardship because they have hope.
People survive as best they can.
People survive by killing each other and stealing other peoples stuff.
People survive death.
People survive for days in the desert.
People survive layoffs, psychological traumas, deaths of spouses.
People survive living in the cracks with remarkable resourcefulness.
People survive on money sent by relatives abroad.
People survive their own idiocy, though there are inevitably victims along the way.
People survive with each others help.
People suspect that reforms are only a screen to hide something much more terrible.
People suspect they are undercover police officers.
People suspected of being Indonesian sympathizers or militia supporters are shunned or maltreated.
People swam in the pool and watched for funnel clouds.
People swam in the Techa.
People swam in their underwear.
People swap relationships like so many trading cards.
People swarm into the hall when the signal is given.
People swarm like ants to exhibits, learning as they go.
People swarm to learn the art of non-violent protesting.
People sway in the darkness or put their heads down on tables.
People swear all the time.
People swear as the runts attack.
People swear by the benefit of a hot beverage first thing in the morning.
People swear they'll take a stand.
People sweat and are restless.
People sweat so much that the floor is wet and slippery, including the stairs.
People sweat so the evaporation of water can help regulate body temperature.
People sweep away the old, and bring in the new.
People sweep the streets and sidewalks in front of their houses religiously.
People sweep up litter that accumulates on their sidewalks and throw it in a trash bin.
People swim and skate and run and fly and love like cats tied together with their tails on fire.
People swim and ski in the river.
People swim here all year round.
People swim in and out of focus like wildebeest in a sandstorm.
People swim in indoor and outdoor pools heated by hot springs.
People swim in the cool dark pool and a couple stands together under the misty waterfalls.
People swim in the river freely except in sections affected by blue-green algae.
People swim in the sea, and there are a couple of rustic ports and swimming establishments.
People swim in the water or surf on the waves.
People swim lakes and canals, cling beneath trains, hide in cars, climb barriers under fire.
People swim out to the iron tower and dive off.
People swimming or playing in water containing the organism are at risk of infection.
People switch careers every day.
People switch channels.
People switch companies all the time.
People switch ISPs.
People switch jobs, shed spouses, alter their appearance and even speak untruths.
People switch their phones off because they're charged to receive calls.
People symbolize reality in order to handle it.
People tag and before the tag.
People tail others to get a message across.
People take a bit of snuff between their fingers and put it in their nostrils to smell it .
People take a bit of snuff between their fingers and put it in their nostrils to smell it.
People take a chance with their own money by trying to pick the right numbers or the right card.
People take a cub on thinking how sweet.
People take a dip in the holy rivers and ponds and offer prayer to the sun.
People take a few classes at a local tae kwon do gym and then claim they are martial artists.
People take a fist full of quarters and have fun with the coin operated equipment.
People take a great deal of care with their vehicle, and ignore what meets the road.
People take a holy oil bath, put on new clothes, eat delicious dishes.
People take a knife, or any other sharp piece of equipment and cut their skin.
People take a long time to get over fights, or disagreements in our family.
People take a long time to get smart about everything.
People take a long time to recover after brain surgery.
People take a lot of pride in how they furnish their homes.
People take a moment to stop and be grateful for all the good things they have.
People take a pessimistic view about how to project revenues, and that's fine.
People take a quiet pride in their nonchalance.
People take a stand intellectually.
People take a variety of approaches to selling on the web.
People take a while to adjust their consumption patterns.
People take about a year at best to really move on.
People take academic courses substantially beyond their capabilities.
People take action when they feel the nearness of both a challenge and a sensible solution.
People take action.
People take advantage of a passing pick-up to hitch a ride.
People take advantage of misfortunes.
People take advantage of the flexibility and the short turn-around time for their science.
People take advantage of the warmer temperatures by spending more time outdoors during the summer.
People take advantage of young couples wanting best for their wedding day.
People take air safety for granted, medical research into illnesses . . .
People take all sorts of security precautions about their homes and belongings.
People take an idea and see what they can make it do.
People take as much as they want.
People take away a lot of great ideas and are surprised at the amount of hands-on work in evidence.
People take baths a different way in space, too.
People take beta-blockers, calcium channel blockers and all sorts of other drugs indefinitely.
People take better care of their cars than they do of their marriages.
People take better care of things they own .
People take better care of things they own.
People take buses to get that rye.
People take care of each other around here.
People take care of the outdoors.
People take care of their lawn and house.
People take care of things they love.
People take care of what they love.
People take care of what they own.
People take care to wash their hands before and after a meal.
People take chances in life all the time.
People take children in and there's nothing done.
People take classes to improve their skills related to their career.
People take crashes personally.
People take creatine as a supplement to gain strength and body cell mass.
People take cuts in salaries because they get it made up in merchandising, things like that.
People take different amounts of time to see the answer.
People take different approaches, too.
People take different paths because of their goals.
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness.
People take different treasures of the rich, snatching and pushing.
People take drugs because they are weak.
People take drugs because they're trying to produce an optimal level in their physiology.
People take ecstasy and their Selves are revealed.
People take everything out of context, that's the only problem.
People take everything seriously.
People take exception to the opinions of others and want to respond.
People take fewer vacations and go out to eat less.
People take films more seriously here.
People take firemen for granted, but they put their lives at risk without getting paid.
People take food from concession stands without paying.
People take for granted all they can do, like walking and talking is all nothing new.
People take for granted democracy is about freedom.
People take for granted the interactions they have with others.
People take freedom for granted.
People take gelatin to support their joint and cartilage well being.
People take great care of their roses.
People take great personal and professional risks when they blow the whistle on fraud.
People take hardware and software reliability for granted.
People take herbs for many reasons and many conditions.
People take herbs for several reasons.
People take holidays on board the ship.
People take home the shells they dug, and enjoy eating.
People take in and learn information in different ways.
People take in the absolute temperature as measured by a thermometer and make a relative judgment.
People take in things on different levels.
People take in viruses and bacteria all the time through the air they breathe and the food they eat.
People take in water in many foods they eat.
People take into account the interests of the whole as well as their personal interest.
People take it as a bulk-forming laxative, or to try to lower blood cholesterol.
People take it as a cue to start selling everything in that sector.
People take it as a pepper-upper and to cure a wide range of ills.
People take it because it's a tradition.
People take it commonly through the cold and flu seasons.
People take it every day to look and feel younger.
People take it for granted that making friends is easy.
People take it for granted.
People take it for insomnia, jet lag and seasonal depression.
People take it for nausea, especially with air or car sickness.
People take it lightly but writing lyrics and producing a cassette is no small thing.
People take it literally, though.
People take it much too seriously.
People take it so personally.
People take it that things are as they seem unless they have reason to think otherwise.
People take it to work harder and for fun as well.
People take it too seriously.
People take it very seriously.
People take it, and mostly they enjoy a bit of harmless mood enhancement.
People take jealousy and turn it into self-doubt, insecurity and desperation.
People take leisurely drives out into the country to get away from it all.
People take lessons to learn the various forms, which have very descriptive names.
People take life for granted.
People take longer to read text onscreen than they do with a book.
People take lots of drugs.
People take lots of time listening to their audio guides, free with the price of admission.
People take Macau as an entertainment place.
People take many things for granted.
People take 'mind altering' chemicals to enter a different state of consciousness.
People take more pride in their neighborhood when they have an investment in it.
People take more risks in a supportive group environment.
People take music that's free, listen to it and discard it.
People take musicians seriously when they have a professional recording.
People take no delight in looking on it.
People take no pleasure in it.
People take notes, adding forbidden acts and topics to the lists.
People take notice of color brochures longer.
People take notice of colour.
People take notice of organizations that consistently provide excellent telephone service.
People take notice of that.
People take notice of the different and even the bizzare.
People take notice, when they see that criminal charges have been filed.
People take notice.
People take off from work and head to the track or stay home and throw parties.
People take off.
People take oil bath early in the morning and wear new clothes.
People take on a changed vision.
People take on amazing quests.
People take on an energetic pace.
People take on virtual personalities.
People take on whole different personas online than they are in real life.
People take one and feel a certain way.
People take online courses for various reasons.
People take opium in a number of different ways.
People take our floral design programs for various reasons.
People take out a debt consolidation loan to pay off existing debts.
People take ownership in the entire project.
People take ownership of processes rather than political positions.
People take ownership.
People take part in clinical trials for a variety of reasons.
People take part in consensual crimes because the activities are appealing.
People take part in discussions on thousands of topics.
People take part in the process and then feel lousy for having done so.
People take pictures for a variety of purposes.
People take pictures of dance.
People take pictures of it.
People take precedence over things and structures.
People take precedent.
People take pride here in many of the turn of the century homes and buildings.
People take pride in a beer that's made in their hometown, or the next town over.
People take pride in doing their jobs well.
People take pride in feeding their family from their own gardens.
People take pride in getting gussied up and looking good, which is also about feeling good.
People take pride in helping out.
People take pride in the work they do and pride in their community.
People take pride in their achievements.
People take pride in their area s trees.
People take pride in their intellect but have no sense of pride in their humanity.
People take pride in their own gardens, treating all with a feast of colors and shapes.
People take pride in their personal appearance and prefer New York fashions and jewelry.
People take pride in what they bring.
People take pride in what they do and produce, particularly when they are in charge of it.
People take profits, the buying psychology gives way to selling.
People take responsibility for their actions and for reaching their potential.
People take responsibility for their actions.
People take responsibility for their own recommendations.
People take responsibility to help themselves and thrive only in free societies.
People take safety from others too often, and it hurts.
People take seconds to respond.
People take senseless risks all the time that sometimes end in tragedy.
People take shelter from the rainstorms however they can.
People take shits in the trail.
People take short cuts, creating many new trails, often steep trails that erode badly.
People take sides.
People take sideways glances at situations that are too hard to look at straight on.
People take slack classes because they re easier, when they are capable of doing better.
People take smell for granted, and when it's gone, one is plunged into a scentless world.
People take so much for advantage in life.
People take soccer very seriously in South America.
People take some of the honey, but they leave enough for the bees.
People take souvenir bricks from the ruins and the weather continues to destroy the structures.
People take special care about the purity of fire, water and earth.
People take statically stable locomotion for granted.
People take stock.
People take such risks because they fear for their lives.
People take supplements in addition to a normal diet.
People take telephones for granted.
People take that and make it a political issue, but there's nothing political about it.
People take that nugget and look for confirmation from other sources.
People take the anonymity thing very seriously.
People take the certificate for different reasons.
People take the class because they want to learn.
People take the class for a variety of reasons.
People take the game personally here.
People take the Majestic Earth because they know their body needs something else.
People take the Majestic Earth Minerals because they know their body needs something else.
People take the mythology to heart.
People take the opportunity to know people.
People take the risk of getting their butts blasted when they claim colors.
People take the science fair seriously.
People take the soapbox to make statements on virtually anything.
People take the target's social category memberships into account when making knowledge judgments.
People take the time to make it pretty.
People take the time to say hello and to look out for their neighbors.
People take the time to shop, to cook, to eat and give food a central place in their lives.
People take the time to walk the streets at night carrying colored paper lanterns.
People take the time to walk the streets at night carrying coloured paper lanterns.
People take the tramway only to change a banknote.
People take their basketball seriously here.
People take their blessings for granted.
People take their chances and lose.
People take their church activity seriously, which is often coupled with civic duty.
People take their counsel seriously because they feel helped.
People take their cue from their individual managers.
People take their cues from it.
People take their dogs there.
People take their families to the beaches, family picnics, and other outings.
People take their health for granted.
People take their kids there during open skating times so they can get their chances on the blades.
People take their language for granted.
People take their music very personally and rightly so.
People take their naira and convert it and take it away.
People take their time making decisions about how to spend their money.
People take their time.
People take their trips.
People take their vacations differently than they did in the past.
People take themselves far too seriously.
People take themselves too seriously.
People take things a little out of proportion.
People take things a lot more seriously especially at the international level.
People take things for granted now.
People take things for granted.
People take things seriously when there are shared consequences.
People take things slow and easy here.
People take things too seriously.
People take time off from work and their families.
People take time off.
People take time to change.
People take time to congregate, spend some money, and maybe make some money too.
People take time to interact, communicate and develop relationships with one another.
People take time to read something so it sticks in their minds.
People take time to really study it and to read the inscription.
People take time to say thanks for the support and help of their Pastor and church members.
People take time to talk to one another.
People take to change slowly.
People take too many chances with their lives today physically and spiritually.
People take training only for the financial incentive.
People take trips on narcotics and alcoholic beverages until they are void of reality.
People take turns at leading the conversations.
People take turns in conversations.
People take turns making up verses about each other.
People take turns reading a passage after which an impromptu and lively discussion follows.
People take turns reading the text.
People take turns to flick their marble and try to hit the one in the circle.
People take turns.
People take up brass, woodwinds and violins despite their inability to play polyphony.
People take up smoking for a variety of reasons.
People take Valium by prescription, even though it is a crime to have it without a prescription.
People take varying control of their health problems.
People take vitamins to perk themselves up and sleeping pills to go to sleep.
People take vitamins.
People take water from streams and rivers for drinking, laundry, bathing, and crops.
People take what operating system they use as a defining characteristic of their whole person.
People take whatever jobs they can find.
People take whatever menial jobs they can find.
People take whatever they can get.
People take widely different paths to become scientists.
People taking a certain drug tend to be more depressed than the average person.
People taking acid blocking drugs and strict vegetarians are also at risk.
People taking action through fundamental human values can really change the world.
People taking antacids are also more likely to get sick.
People taking antibiotics are also at risk.
People taking antibiotics or antacids are also at greater risk of getting ill from some germs.
People taking anti-HIV drugs often have to follow a complicated regime.
People taking appropriate medication, though, are unlikely to get in any trouble with the law.
People taking aspirin are particularly prone to bleed.
People taking audio tours have a tendency to look dazed and glassy-eyed.
People taking chlorpropamide or tolbutamide are particularly susceptible.
People taking digoxin require regular monitoring of serum digoxin levels.
People taking diuretics also are particularly vulnerable to dehydration.
People taking ginseng often report feelings of improved overall well-being.
People taking monoamine oxidase inhibitors are particularly at risk.
People taking on-line courses range from college and university students to seniors.
People taking responsibility have to assume the worst case.
People taking SAMe in the United States, however, take it in pill form.
People taking stable doses of antidepressants are eligible for the study.
People taking that stance can consider a variety of areas.
People taking the drugs appear healthier and less fatigued.
People taking up the beef offer can buy up to eight cans each.
People talk , drink coffee and watch the occupation army down the road.
People talk a good game, but there's a lot of blah blah blah in our industry.
People talk a little more of the war, but very little.
People talk a lot about building their relationships with customers.
People talk a lot about chemistry being spoiled by the trade.
People talk a lot about community.
People talk a lot about depression.
People talk a lot about faith, but it takes absolute faith to jump out of an airplane.
People talk a lot about fighting it psychologically.
People talk a lot about how Chernobyl killed our country.
People talk a lot about it, but few end up doing anything.
People talk a lot about lighting.
People talk a lot about pedigrees.
People talk a lot about the power and glory of specialized knowledge and technical expertise.
People talk a lot about the tradition of football at Oklahoma.
People talk a lot slower down here.
People talk a lot.
People talk about a cold peace.
People talk about a gay serial killer.
People talk about a melting pot as the answer to our racial problems.
People talk about a new hope for humanity.
People talk about a newly relaxed atmosphere here.
People talk about a shortage of vocations to the priesthood and religious life.
People talk about a woman like that.
People talk about academic training.
People talk about age being a factor.
People talk about age restrictions, leaving it illegal for kids.
People talk about aliens invading.
People talk about all the violence and the nudity today.
People talk about anxiety as fear, worry or stress.
People talk about asthma like it's no big deal.
People talk about axle tramp and shaft jacking that BMWs do because they're shaft-driven.
People talk about baseball being a bond between fathers and sons, but that's only half the story.
People talk about beautiful friendships between two persons of the same sex.
People talk about being in a zone.
People talk about being in the holiday mood with all the excitement in the air.
People talk about butterflies in their stomach during their enduring passion of a romance.
People talk about calling a spade a spade.
People talk about Canada having a great, big heart.
People talk about catastrophe.
People talk about certain essays as canonical.
People talk about choice.
People talk about class size.
People talk about client service, but they don t say enough about commitment to the organization.
People talk about comfort foods, comfort clothes and comfort furniture.
People talk about 'conquering' a mountain, or 'beating' a steep slope - that's exactly wrong.
People talk about controlling cholesterol.
People talk about culture here, but never do anything about it.
People talk about doing something good and giving alms.
People talk about dreams in much the same terms they use to describe movies.
People talk about East Coast and Southern schools and how great their support is.
People talk about e-commerce being easy.
People talk about economic recovery being 'fueled' or propelled by investment spending.
People talk about edge journalism.
People talk about electoral meltdown.
People talk about entering the church, meaning going into holy orders.
People talk about ethnic cleansing in Bosnia.
People talk about family and leave out huge pieces of the real story.
People talk about feeling things in their heart and on their chest.
People talk about financial responsibility and all of the concrete things.
People talk about football and the superbowl.
People talk about gender bias.
People talk about genes for sexual orientation.
People talk about globalization as if developing countries are the ones most negatively impacted.
People talk about going through the war.
People talk about going to cup finals and the day can go in a blur.
People talk about going to New England to see the fall foliage.
People talk about good coaches, but every good coach has good players on it.
People talk about grades of students.
People talk about greenhouse gases all the time, but few really know what they are or what they do.
People talk about G-spot orgasms, but there is no scientific evidence of that.
People talk about having an estate to pass on to their children.
People talk about having good fishing and enjoying their fishing experience.
People talk about having spiritual experiences relating to everything from gardening to sex.
People talk about how easy snowboarding is to learn.
People talk about how great love is, but that's bullshit.
People talk about how hot it is, as if they'd never been hot before.
People talk about how important guard play is, but more specifically, it's point guard play.
People talk about how lonely they feel around the holidays.
People talk about how money is the root of all evil.
People talk about how science fiction is about hope, how it offers up a vision of a better world.
People talk about how the economy is doing and businesses are cutting back.
People talk about improvisation being dead in the classical world.
People talk about incidents of death from hunger.
People talk about independence but their idea of it is that everyone from Indonesia leaves.
People talk about intelligent things.
People talk about irony, but that was an amazing piece of disinformation.
People talk about it all the time, but no one really knows what it is.
People talk about it all the time.
People talk about it and they know what's going to happen.
People talk about it and want to see it.
People talk about it at school.
People talk about it at work.
People talk about it but little is being done.
People talk about it every year, but nothing ever gets done.
People talk about it long after they graduate.
People talk about it.
People talk about it's a passing league and the box safety is growing out of style.
People talk about knee-jerk liberals.
People talk about last year's team.
People talk about legacy.
People talk about life-changing events.
People talk about long term investments but are unable to control their own sentiments.
People talk about losing a third to half of their revenue from miswired installations.
People talk about making electrocopies of book pages.
People talk about market share and how good it is, but they forget the downsides.
People talk about mergers, downsizing, restructuring, company moves, job loss.
People talk about methyl bromide sterilizing the soil.
People talk about missing games, speakers, exhibits and festivals.
People talk about mobile services.
People talk about models spending a lot of time in front of a mirror.
People talk about modern society.
People Talk About Money.
People talk about nuclear weapons as if they're some sort of dark sorcery.
People talk about on-line communities, or virtual communities.
People talk about our sense of mateship and that's accurate too.
People talk about pain and fear.
People talk about paradigm shifts as if they know what they are talking about.
People talk about 'paranoid' ideas.
People talk about passion for material all the time.
People talk about patterns all the time.
People talk about peace.
People talk about physical differences as well as eating habits and lifestyles.
People talk about physics and the qualilities of a good wine in different languages.
People talk about polls as much as the weather.
People talk about pollution.
People talk about quality of care.
People talk about race all the time.
People talk about radio emissions.
People talk about reinventing or reengineering or revitalizing government.
People talk about retirement as a time when they slow down.
People talk about retiring.
People talk about revolutionaries.
People talk about risk in the stock market.
People talk about saving and wasting time.
People talk about saving the environment and the Earth.
People talk about separation of church and state.
People talk about sex and gender issues a lot on various MOOs and via email.
People talk about sex, and a lot of stuff that was clamped down back then is just out there.
People talk about smoggy, hazy days.
People talk about stalemates, people talk about breakdown, and so on.
People talk about starving.
People talk about strengthened 'multilateralism'.
People talk about stuff that they like.
People talk about suicide for a wide variety of reasons.
People talk about suicide only to get attention.
People talk about that stuff, and it makes sense to do it as a band, too.
People talk about the birds and the monkeys.
People talk about the center in speeches.
People talk about the changing face of interlibrary loan.
People talk about the 'code of silence' in law enforcement.
People talk about the collapse of industrial society, and the emergence of new tribes.
People talk about the comparisons to the industrial revolution.
People talk about the connection between poverty and crime.
People talk about the 'cowboy mentality' here.
People talk about the dead and about death and loss.
People talk about the difficulties more because they experience more difficulties.
People talk about the East Coast as being mean and the West Coast as being laid back.
People talk about the economic impact of farms and the contribution to the quality of life.
People talk about the emergencies that require their attention.
People talk about the evolution of women's sports.
People talk about the fact that there are four air forces in America.
People talk about the fear of life.
People talk about the first tier and then the second and third tier internet companies.
People talk about the freedom that they get from driving.
People talk about the groups at coffee hour.
People talk about the homes of the future but the home is already changing at Internet speed.
People talk about the innocence of children, yet they themselves seen the complete opposite.
People talk about the interceptions, but every quarterback is going to throw interceptions.
People talk about the Internet as one big global media.
People talk about the Internet being a landscape-altering technology.
People talk about the issues that they're facing or have had to face in the past.
People talk about the jazz community.
People talk about the many problems on the reservation, but it's only here.
People talk about the mystery of wine, yet most don t want anything to do with mystery.
People talk about the New York advantage but it s really true.
People talk about the panakam miracle here.
People talk about the party switch.
People talk about the pendulum swinging from one to the other.
People talk about the pressure to produce.
People talk about the rose garden, the dahlia bed, the wildflower meadow.
People talk about the school and brainstorm ideas like the flower show.
People talk about the spirit they soak up.
People talk about the stress of mergers, downsizing, restructuring, company moves, job loss.
People talk about the terrible events that they have seen in their lives.
People talk about 'the thirst for knowledge'.
People talk about the total experience.
People talk about the violence in our film.
People talk about the weather a lot.
People talk about theater missile defense and national missile defense.
People talk about their classes everyday and no code or pledge is going to change that.
People talk about their consumer problems.
People talk about their families, their jobs, and their lives, sometimes to complete strangers.
People talk about their favorite shows with their friends the day after the programs air.
People talk about their marriages being threatened.
People talk about their own lives as well as about the band and other Deadhead matters.
People talk about their problems among themselves, but that's as far as it goes.
People talk about themselves openly and frankly.
People talk about things being 'unnatural'.
People talk about things like how clever they are.
People talk about time and frivolous motions.
People talk about time, or, rather, assume time in their talk.
People talk about tradition, but it comes down to the players every year.
People talk about various projects they're thinking of.
People talk about victims of globalization.
People talk about video phones and so on.
People talk about wanting to go right to the top division as soon as possible.
People talk about wanting to save open space and agricultural land.
People talk about weird referrers.
People talk about Western civilization as being the great civilization.
People talk about what are the different signs of a leader.
People talk about what happened and how they feel about it.
People talk about what they do all day and how they feel about what they do.
People talk about what they know, sharing expertise.
People talk about what they most like buying.
People talk about where kids today get the idea that they can pull trash and get away with it.
People talk about world events and many become so frightened that they refuse to watch the news.
People talk about XML like it actually has semantics.
People talk across each other in a funny sort of way.
People talk all the time about the impact of new technology on our workforce and our society.
People talk all the time without communicating.
People talk also of a parallel magisterium consisting of the theologians.
People talk and help each other and socialize.
People talk and people remember.
People talk and shout, sometimes to each other, sometimes to themselves, mostly to their cell-phone.
People talk and then they break into song.
People talk and think in chunks of language that represents thoughts.
People talk and write a lot about the increase in crime and the decrease in security.
People talk around subjects to get to a bottom line.
People talk as if 'accountability and standards' are all the same thing.
People talk as if distance ed is just two-way interactive video.
People talk as if media is on a totally different plane.
People talk as if the terrorists represent some sort of inchoate democratic aspiration.
People talk as though it is uncontrollable.
People talk at cross purposes, they carp insanely, they intellectualize mindlessly.
People talk at happy hours, dinner groups, and dance lessons.
People talk at weddings, in restaurants, and during concert intermissions.
People talk because other people listen.
People talk diferently in New York City than they do in Mississippi.
People talk excessively about freedom when it is surpressed.
People talk for hours without uttering a single topic sentence.
People talk for many reasons, only one of which is to communicate information.
People talk freely about learning.
People talk in a very specific 'Philips language' that always needs to be explained.
People talk in acronyms and they actually understand each other.
People talk in hushed tones.
People talk in rhythms that are as individual as facial expressions.
People talk in their own communities.
People talk like they are mouthing important and Shakespearian dramaturge.
People talk loudly, eat loudly and walk loudly.
People talk more freely if they can see one another.
People talk more softly in dimmer light.
People talk more than they act.
People talk more where in the U.S. people move.
People talk mostly about what other people say.
People talk much more, especially about the cold weather.
People talk now about the largest per-capita emitter which is the United States.
People talk of a blanket of despondency that covers the whole country.
People talk of a recession coming, but that's crap.
People talk of bursaries.
People talk of corruption in high places.
People talk of going to war and of nuclear conflict in an increasingly nervous tone.
People talk of parental involvement.
People talk of peace, but as long as there is injustice, peace is just an illusion.
People talk of ring vaccination, protective vaccination, suppressive vaccination etc.
People talk of secret instruction from London, and even grants of money.
People talk of the beasts as if they are a commodity, but it's so much more than that.
People talk of the coming messiah.
People talk of the global village.
People talk of the old and new economies but that, too, is an artificial distinction.
People talk of 'the right of each people to self-defence'.
People talk of the veto.
People talk of unity, oneness and equality, but fight out for little, useless things.
People talk of wildlife management, but it's really people management.
People talk on a variety of topics, but the tapes have been edited to reflect particular issues.
People talk on cell phones in supermarkets, on beaches, in their cars, on the street.
People talk on the radio about memorizing scripture.
People talk one way, but they act another.
People talk openly, indeed proudly, about topics once taboo.
People talk or walk, cars go forwards or backwards, birds fly, etc.
People talk peace.
People talk quickly, move quickly and use police jargon to communicate.
People talk rapidly on cell phones, making deals, issuing orders.
People talk really fast.
People talk so much about timing the market.
People talk so much about workouts.
People talk sometimes of secret vices.
People talk the talk.
People talk to babies the same way they talk to pets.
People talk to computers and the computers answer back.
People talk to computers.
People talk to each other again.
People talk to each other on the Internet in a very direct kind of way.
People talk to much about their ho-hum lives as if to make others jealous.
People talk to one another.
People talk to strangers, grab unusual trinkets, and everything moves in the blink of an eye.
People talk to the screen and banter back and forth.
People talk to their friends and talk online about how good a concert was.
People talk to themselfs all the time, it's perfectly normal.
People talk to themselves on the bus.
People talk too fast to lip read.
People talk too fast.
People talk too long about needless details.
People talk too much.
People talk up public service on campus.
People talk very freely about baseball here.
People talk with others even when they are walking, driving or riding on the trains.
People talk with plenty of period touches, but they still speak with the voices of today.
People talk with their hands and bodies as much or more than their mouths.
People Talk Without Words.
People talk, and it's a small, small world in journalism.
People talk, but where the others are now no one really knows.
People talk, especially online.
People talk, espresso chatters.
People talk, establish destinations and motives for travel.
People talk, even dancers.
People talk, for instance, of 'writer's block'.
People talk, give heads-up on hot stocks, share secrets and give moral support.
People talk, people share, people wait.
People talk, revisions are made, and they play some more.
People talk, they share stories, sometimes they sing.
People talking about human rights often think they make moral statements.
People talking and deciding are the work in the new world.
People tan when sunlight stimulates eumelanin production.
People tap into the network from everywhere.
People tap the phones, too.
People tap the water cycle for their own uses.
People tape it for their friends because it's so damn funny.
People target one line, get turned down, and for some reason think the lines are interchangeable.
People targeting kids are thirsty for more knowledge about today's young people.
People targets a more adult population featuring advertisements for food and automobiles.
People teach best when they remain sensitive to children's needs.
People teach each other, mediated by the world,. . .
People teach in the style in which they prefer to learn.
People teach mechanics, but horses teach feelings.
People teach themselves to play instruments and read music without guided instruction.
People teach themselves.
People teach verbally and they learn by listening.
People telecommute to London.
People telecommuting from home makes the job even harder.
People tell a lot of nonsense.
People tell computers what to do.
People tell each other about crime in their street that no-one ever reads in the newspapers.
People tell friends and family, because they all feel good after they have learned it.
People tell horror stories about the contractors they hire to do remodeling of their homes.
People tell lies because they are trying to hide something.
People tell lies in chat rooms.
People Tell Lies.
People tell mislead and tell lies through statistics all the time.
People tell of environmental and social trespasses they have witnessed or know about.
People tell of yams that used to be the size of watermelons.
People tell other people what they like.
People tell other people.
People tell others about the ad by phone or e-mail or fax.
People tell pollsters that they want things like national health care.
People tell prospective women candidates to keep to their seat at the district.
People tell stories about the nonhuman or the superhuman to learn what it means to be human.
People tell stories for various reasons.
People tell stories to get a reaction from an audience, so please react.
People tell stories to make meaning out of what they experience.
People tell stories, they joke, they find meaning in the most trivial things.
People tell stories.
People tell tales of land and sea.
People tell the real story.
People tell the surveyor what they think they want to hear, or they aggrandise themselves.
People tell their friends about a place where they've tried the biggest burger in town.
People tell their friends about it.
People tell their friends to use it.
People tell their friends, and that sort of thing, and it just grows and grows.
People tell themselves little lies, and the lies never stop.
People tells stories and gives a demographic picture about the people in the community.
People tells who's on the move in the industry.
People tend be to individualized when using computers.
People tend look at relaxing as the lazy person s activity.
People tend then to be arrogant.
People tend to abandon shopping carts for various reasons.
People tend to accept as true the things they hear over and over again.
People tend to accept nice, cosy and simple ideas of the world.
People tend to accept what they see on TV as truth.
People tend to accumulate assets in a couple of places.
People tend to acquire and hoard goods because possession provides some security.
People tend to act as they have been taught.
People tend to act more aggressively based on their enemy image or stereotype.
People tend to act the same or say the same things every time they argue.
People tend to adapt to whatever level of consumption they are at.
People tend to agree .
People tend to answer e-mail, too.
People tend to anthropomorphize mammals and birds particularly.
People tend to appreciate something more if they are paying for it.
People tend to approve and welcome an asexual, smart woman.
People tend to ask the same questions over and over again.
People tend to associate bacteria with illness.
People tend to associate change or reorganization with downsizing .
People tend to associate large brain size with higher intelligence.
People tend to associate physicians with a state of illness.
People tend to associate spirituality with love.
People tend to associate the term religion with institutions and doctrine.
People tend to associate the word with thoughts of physical force, injury, abuse or destruction.
People tend to associate with others like themselves.
People tend to associate with others similar to themselves.
People tend to assume all hackers are like the type that is most frequently reported in the news.
People tend to assume that a high precision means a good search.
People tend to assume that other people are just like themselves.
People tend to assume that sensational terms represent reality.
People tend to assume the economy is linear, that once it picks up again, it keeps going.
People tend to avoid developing land in the first-order region where slopes are steep.
People tend to avoid reapplication during sports like golf or tennis because it makes hands greasy.
People tend to back off and make way for injured folks.
People tend to be a little bit more trusting than they ought to be when they are online.
People tend to be a little more bright.
People tend to be a little more cautious.
People tend to be a little suspicious of new things and of technology.
People tend to be a lot better at their job when they really love what they are doing.
People tend to be able to grasp ideas best if they are divided into three parts.
People tend to be afraid of new ideas.
People tend to be afraid of the unknown.
People tend to be ashamed of being hungry and are staying at home.
People tend to be ashamed of being hungry they tend to stay at home.
People tend to be attached to their characters sometime.
People tend to be biased in their self-witnessing efforts.
People tend to be blurring the realities of their situation.
People tend to be close minded to new ideas.
People tend to be color-phobic.
People tend to be complacent owing to the relative low level of computerisation in the country.
People tend to be completely ridiculous when it comes to famous people.
People tend to be confused by clutter.
People tend to be depressed.
People tend to be disbelieves, they're amazed.
People tend to be either too trusting or too paranoid.
People tend to be emotional about magnification, and quite irrational.
People tend to be extraordinarily accurate in their depiction of their own direction.
People tend to be fatalistic about the place above the epicentre.
People tend to be good at recognition.
People tend to be health and sports oriented here and there is much to offer.
People tend to be impressed by technology.
People tend to be in a good mood and readily help each other.
People tend to be intimidated with new things.
People tend to be lazy.
People tend to be less horrified by violence when they are surrounded by death and violence.
People tend to be less inhibited when communicating through electronic media.
People tend to be less supervised.
People tend to be like pressure cookers.
People tend to be long-winded, politicians especially.
People tend to be loyal, if they are treated fairly and feel a sense of shared responsibility.
People tend to be more careful when they are held accountable for their actions.
People tend to be more casual about what they say and do online than in other media.
People tend to be more cautious in that state, and more polite, too.
People tend to be more creative if they re moving.
People tend to be more critical of authorities, more particularly, the Police.
People tend to be more focused when they re working in China.
People tend to be more inwardly focused and motivated.
People tend to be more irritable and depressed-appearing.
People tend to be more open and themselves when they're nude.
People tend to be more open with words when their privacy is protected.
People tend to be more optimistic than rational.
People tend to be more pessimistic when they are in a depressed state or mood.
People tend to be more polite and find ways of agreeing and compromising more readily.
People tend to be more responsive when they hear their name.
People tend to be much more at ease with it, maybe, than some U.S. regulators.
People tend to be on guard when they click on a banner.
People tend to be particularly resistant to the idea that they are at risk.
People tend to be persuaded more by emotional messages than logical ones.
People tend to be pessimistic.
People tend to be pretty loyal.
People tend to be problem-solvers who want to fix things.
People tend to be provincial.
People tend to be reluctant to use the word addict.
People tend to be remarkably territorial.
People tend to be secretive and suspicious.
People tend to be selfish and self-centered.
People tend to be sensitive to overly warm or cool effects.
People tend to be skeptical of new ways of doing things until the new ideas become popular.
People tend to be tenacious about an idea for one of two reasons.
People tend to be there most nights, so consider dropping in.
People tend to be too generous in their cowboy label and include country singers.
People tend to be too rigid and have too many absolutes.
People tend to be trapped in root metaphors of which they are unconscious.
People tend to be turned off by papers that appear dull and boring.
People tend to be uncomfortable with the unknown.
People tend to be very focused on what they're doing in order to achieve good grades.
People tend to be very loosey-goosey as far as law firms go.
People tend to be very self-critical and judgmental about themselves.
People tend to be very sick at the onset, but the symptoms taper off gradually.
People tend to become aggravated when asked the same silly questions over and over.
People tend to become blinded by greed.
People tend to become interested only when a vote is about to happen.
People tend to become more religious as they age.
People tend to become outraged when something horrible happens to a dog or cat.
People tend to become personally involved with the issues and with their side's positions.
People tend to become psychological cripples the moment they hear the word cancer.
People tend to become so focused on the money.
People tend to become statistics and dollars and cents-a piece of the state pie.
People tend to befriend the open and social type.
People tend to behave the way they are behaved upon.
People tend to believe any snake they see is venomous when in fact the opposite is probably true.
People tend to believe exactly the opposite.
People tend to believe lies that reinforce their own selfish, personal beliefs.
People tend to believe physicists.
People tend to believe that addicts can beat the disease if they are disciplined enough.
People tend to believe that feeding babies is messy and fussy and a great big pain in the neck.
People tend to believe that the products on the market have been researched, tested, and inspected.
People tend to believe that they understand something when they have a name for it.
People tend to believe their senses.
People tend to believe things that are written down.
People tend to believe what friends say over strangers.
People tend to believe what they hear the most.
People tend to believe what they read much more than the ads they see.
People tend to believe what they read over what they hear.
People tend to believe what they want to believe.
People tend to blame others for things.
People tend to blame the fundraising department for everything that goes wrong in the organization.
People tend to blame the victim instead of the rapist.
People tend to bond to one another in all sort of relationships.
People tend to build up just their athletic background.
People tend to buy expensive TV infomercial fitness equipment that is low in quality and durability.
People tend to buy from businesses they know.
People tend to buy furniture, arrange it, and then live with it forever.
People tend to buy the cheapest feed, but then add a lot of supplements.
People tend to calculate the odds of calamity in their own favor.
People tend to call family or doctors first.
People tend to call it luck.
People tend to carry their stress in their shoulders and upper back.
People tend to catastrophize when they lack mature coping skills.
People tend to cause most of the problems that are attributed to alligators.
People tend to center around where their perceive they receive value.
People tend to change topics when they aren t comfortable.
People tend to choose a career that is reflective of their of their personality.
People tend to clam up rather than communicate.
People tend to close down and stick to their position until they feel heard.
People tend to collect the objects associated with their gender in society.
People tend to come in groups and leave about the same time too.
People tend to come in various personality types, body types and hair colors.
People tend to come online more to find information than to be entertained.
People tend to compare models, prices, financing, and warranties before they make a decision.
People tend to compartmentalize quickly, to our detriment.
People tend to concentrate on external security, but they have to consider both sides.
People tend to conform to expectations.
People tend to congregate in smaller groups that they can call communities.
People tend to congregate in taverns after a hard day's work.
People tend to congregate in the kitchen.
People tend to consume less of it.
People tend to count calories yet overdo the carbs.
People tend to crank up the heat all the way.
People tend to crave tobacco less when they have a clean mouth.
People tend to create their own conclusion boxes.
People tend to cut their body into two parts which prevents any chance of silk reeling.
People tend to defend themselves and retaliate when that occurs.
People tend to define news in different ways.
People tend to define themselves by their boundaries.
People tend to deprive themselves of sleep during the week.
People tend to despies that which they are afraid of.
People tend to detoxify through whatever part of their body is weakest.
People tend to develop a certain belief system based on their experiences.
People tend to develop a relationship with the ginkgo as they grow it and see it every day.
People tend to develop an ideological type of economics.
People tend to die eventually.
People tend to differ in their attitudes about sexual orientation.
People tend to dine at familiar places - usually chains.
People tend to disappear and suddenly reappear around here.
People tend to discount the physical danger a bicycle presents.
People tend to discuss the issue of drugs on two levels.
People tend to dislike being hit with large, heavy things.
People tend to distance themselves from things they know little about.
People tend to distrust one another and to be impatient with each other when they are worried.
People tend to divide on the issue based on which side they want to win.
People tend to divide themselves into groups - good people and bad people.
People tend to do business and to vacation by region.
People tend to do more of what they do already.
People tend to do shifts for a few months and then get fucked off with it and never come back.
People tend to do that with anything strange to their own ear.
People tend to do the opposite of what rationally makes sense.
People tend to do too much, then they hurt and give up.
People tend to do well at things they enjoy.
People tend to do what is in their interest.
People tend to donate blood less.
People tend to donate if there is a specific reason.
People tend to draw battle lines around other people.
People tend to dress up when going out in the evening.
People tend to drift in groups and hang out for a while in the lounge area, checking each other out.
People tend to drink more at night or in dark places because deep inside they know it is wrong.
People tend to drop their guard.
People tend to earn what they deserve to earn.
People tend to eat and spend more in a red environment, so it's great for restaurants.
People tend to eat heavier from buffet style service rather than served meals.
People tend to eat less well, sleep less well, and get irritated easily.
People tend to eat more and richer foods.
People tend to eat more when food is readily available.
People tend to eat where they watch television.
People tend to either exaggerate low risk or ignore it completely.
People tend to either go to the game, go to the bar or watch from home.
People tend to eliminate living rooms in favor of an office.
People tend to emphasize the one negative for every nine positives.
People tend to enjoy the distinct identifiable features of design in their region.
People tend to envy restaurant writers, but it's a lot easier role to envy than it is to fill.
People tend to equate pacifism with being passive.
People tend to equate 'quality' with amenities.
People tend to evaluate negotiations in terms of success or failure.
People tend to exaggerate their stories and inflate their own roles.
People tend to exercise less, catch less sunlight and eat fewer green, leafy vegetables.
People tend to expect more on the holidays.
People tend to expect people of a certain race to look a certain way.
People tend to expect recent performance to continue indefinitely.
People tend to expect that high tech is the answer to all our educational problems.
People tend to expect things on the web to come completely for free.
People tend to explain to themselves what the other is doing by interpreting the other's intentions.
People tend to express themselves differently via the written word as opposed to conversation.
People tend to fabricate their personal culture.
People tend to fall asleep more on high-speed, long, boring, rural highways.
People tend to fall back into old patterns.
People tend to fall off without much prompting, however.
People tend to falsely recognize central script actions more than peripheral script actions.
People tend to favor water recycling projects if they are informed in advance.
People tend to favor what they are used to and distance themselves from the unfamiliar.
People tend to favour more natural colours.
People tend to fear almost all transitions because to an extent, they all represent death.
People tend to fear giving their credit card number out over the Internet to some unknown entity.
People tend to fear new possibilities.
People tend to fear the unknown.
People tend to feel a certain amount of loyalty if treated with honesty.
People tend to feel better overall when they are more active.
People tend to feel entitled to say anything to anybody, just like real families.
People tend to feel most comfortable with others in their age group.
People tend to feel most satisfied when their work satisfies their values.
People tend to feel pressure to avoid certain foods during the holiday season.
People tend to feel relaxed and comfortable with type B people.
People tend to feel safe when there are dolphins around.
People tend to feel shame to ask for help with personal issues and that is counterproductive.
People tend to feel sorrow and grief after having made an error in judgement.
People tend to feel strongly both ways.
People tend to feel the benefit even with a very short daily practice of ten minutes a day.
People tend to fill silence with conversation.
People tend to fill up their backpacks even if it is too large for the planned trip.
People tend to find music they identify with, and listen to it excessively.
People tend to find what they are looking for.
People tend to fixate on the price paid for a stock or commodity.
People tend to float amongst the divisions - going where the demand is at the time.
People tend to focus on a theater or a mall to determine a city's success.
People tend to focus on all the petty theft and vandalism they bring to downtown.
People tend to focus on overcoming their weaknesses.
People tend to focus on the actual number of points the index have changed.
People tend to focus on the bad things that happen when people get free Internet access.
People tend to focus on the individual s disability.
People tend to focus on the market's latest direction.
People tend to focus on the sex part of homosexuality that's what they picture.
People tend to focus on what they are doing instead of why they are doing it.
People tend to focus their social lives at home.
People tend to follow by example and from the advice they receive from professionals.
People tend to follow that.
People tend to follow the crowd.
People tend to follow the leader.
People tend to follow through more often with their own strategies.
People tend to forget about it.
People tend to forget about sovereignty when they bind themselves under contracts.
People tend to forget about stock options.
People tend to forget about that.
People tend to forget it during the holidays.
People tend to forget it when they're suddenly left hanging in the breeze.
People tend to forget little things, like putting language tags into documents.
People tend to forget long complicated ones.
People tend to forget that being too thin can be just as problematic as being overweight.
People tend to forget that elves are dangerous .
People tend to forget that in their lives.
People tend to forget that sailing once tied everything together.
People tend to forget that styles come into and go out of favor with great regularity.
People tend to forget that their body is smarter than they think.
People tend to forget that.
People tend to forget the former and remember the latter.
People tend to forget the second comma, which is necessary.
People tend to forget what happened months ago.
People tend to frown in the sun.
People tend to frown more when women are speaking than when men have the floor.
People tend to gain weight in early stages of dementia.
People tend to get a job, find a mate and settle down until the kids show up.
People tend to get as passionate about pasta as missionaries do about theology.
People tend to get back into it too quickly.
People tend to get bogged down in unread and unanswered electronic correspondence.
People tend to get bored, or people think that running, for instance, is enough.
People tend to get bored.
People tend to get carried away over there.
People tend to get caught up in the daily headlines.
People tend to get caught up in the latest gossip.
People tend to get comfortable.
People tend to get cranky about being set on fire.
People tend to get fidgety and uncomfortable if they have to sit too long on hard folding chairs.
People tend to get impatient with the bereaved.
People tend to get in a hurry and speed a lot.
People tend to get intensely caught up in a bidding war ignoring relevant prices.
People tend to get jealous because now they have to share their parents.
People tend to get lost in their houses.
People tend to get married for all the wrong reasons in life.
People tend to get married later.
People tend to get more interested in birdwatching and feeding birds as they get older.
People tend to get nervous about that time.
People tend to get on each other's nerves.
People tend to get over it.
People tend to get pessimistic about hacking.
People tend to get signed cause they look good in leather pants.
People tend to get stuck on plateaus.
People tend to get stuck.
People tend to get the government they deserve.
People tend to get to know the members on the list, as well as their birds.
People tend to get treated with the respect they deserve.
People tend to get up close to get their photographs taken.
People tend to get very annoyed about receiving mail on list which is inappropriate.
People tend to get very emotional about the subject of evolution.
People tend to get very emotional when they discover a loved one has joined a destructive cult.
People tend to give in to the evils of the world.
People tend to give up on life when the going gets tough.
People tend to give up.
People tend to go a little crazy when Washington is in town.
People tend to go by what they see.
People tend to go for the sellers, and a lot of that is based on what's being marketed.
People tend to go overboard.
People tend to go to the right making the line longer.
People tend to go to the worst infestation, and start controlling the weed there.
People tend to go with what they know, or stay with what they know because they fear the unknown.
People tend to grab on to first sentences.
People tend to grab what's easy, grab what's quick.
People tend to grade on a curve.
People tend to grasp for answers and often are misguided.
People tend to gravitate to and feel secure around confident and motivated people.
People tend to gravitate to metropolitan areas for better opportunities.
People tend to gravitate toward owners of similar vehicles, and most clubs denote a specific make.
People tend to gravitate toward professions that they feel comfortable in.
People tend to grow accustomed to ignoring such things.
People tend to grow older, how they look.
People tend to guess about benefits.
People tend to hang out in large groups, rather than spending time with any one single individual.
People tend to hang out.
People tend to hate black backgrounds, electric pinks, pastel-colored text on a white background.
People tend to hate the big guy since they make so much money and root for the little guy.
People tend to have a favorite step.
People tend to have a greater appreciation of an event for which there is a cost.
People tend to have a little less disposable income, sales slow, consumer confidence is down.
People tend to have a more indulgent outlook on girls acting like tomboys.
People tend to have a place to congregate and visit when there's food offered.
People tend to have 'common-sense assumptions' about racial identity and characteristics.
People tend to have high expectations that the holidays can be better than they actually are.
People tend to have long memories.
People tend to have more children in poorer societies because children are often assets.
People tend to have more endurance first thing in the morning because they are well rested.
People tend to have more relaxed posture while among friends, same sex or same status people.
People tend to have movement disorders and psychotic features in addition to dementia.
People tend to have one of three reactions when they hear it.
People tend to have portraits taken of their children more often than anything else.
People tend to have preferences in their approach to learning tasks.
People tend to have selective memories.
People tend to have stereotypes of other cultures.
People tend to have stubbornly held opinions.
People tend to have their own criteria for deciding when a water change becomes necessary.
People tend to have wide variation in their functioning.
People tend to heel faster when they are at work.
People tend to hibernate, they hunker in for a long winter's nap.
People tend to hide behind the past and make it look nicer than it actually was.
People tend to hide gun suicide because it can be a shameful act for the survivors.
People tend to hoard what they know because it's what they know.
People tend to hold local and State officials responsible when something goes wrong.
People tend to hold more money as A. the price level rises.
People tend to idealize the past, especially when it comes to privacy.
People tend to idolize countries that are wealthier, freer and more advanced.
People tend to ignore information which disconfirms what they are already believing.
People tend to ignore negative energy.
People tend to ignore the population base rate.
People tend to ignore their own heritage until it is gone.
People tend to include people they are most comfortable with.
People tend to include unnecessary information in their resumes.
People tend to increase shallow chest breathing when stressed.
People tend to increase the proportion of their incomes they spend on homes as their incomes rise.
People tend to inherently prefer something to nothing.
People tend to inherit the tendency to develop allergies.
People tend to invest in people.
People tend to judge a body of beliefs on the basis of a few statements.
People tend to judge and then censor their thoughts, ideas and emotions.
People tend to judge by outward appearances and so can easily be fooled.
People tend to judge character by what they see in the eyes.
People tend to judge one another, and themselves, by what they have done in the past.
People tend to judge speakers based on the their ability to pronounce words correctly and clearly.
People tend to jump and skip around on web sites.
People tend to jump the season anyway.
People tend to just drive straight through a cork screw instead of taking it properly.
People tend to just ignore anything that is very long.
People tend to keep doing what they have been doing.
People tend to keep family rockers.
People tend to keep the best quality for themselves and trade away the rest.
People tend to keep their caloric intake constant.
People tend to keep their phones for a long time now.
People tend to kill animals they fear.
People tend to know each other, and wave at a familiar face.
People tend to know how long a house has been for sale, and neighbors tend to talk.
People tend to know what they've filed.
People tend to know, enjoy, and develop friendships with people who are similar to themselves.
People tend to laugh at players who use the default name.
People tend to learn a specific procedure, but an understanding of why it works.
People tend to learn better when they are actively involved in the process.
People tend to learn much from deliberate imitation of others.
People tend to lend more credence to the event if they have to pay to get in.
People tend to let others know their passwords - especially close relatives and business colleagues.
People tend to like artworks with which they are familiar.
People tend to like each other if they share similar characteristics.
People tend to like hearing that song a lot.
People tend to like others who are similar to themselves.
People tend to like that which provides confirmation of pre-existing beliefs.
People tend to like the quality better.
People tend to like to embarrass themselves among family as opposed to in a public forum.
People tend to like to know that there is something they are talking into.
People tend to like to own things that can easily be discarded.
People tend to limit themselves to techniques that are already out there.
People tend to listen and give greater consideration to the views of parliaments.
People tend to listen while driving or as background to some other activity.
People tend to litter regardless of whether the property is publicly or privately held.
People tend to live in families and communities in which individuals have different roles.
People tend to live in small villages and use surrounding land for cultivation.
People tend to live near the main routes.
People tend to live with their behavior for years before seeking treatment.
People tend to look at domestic violence as a family matter.
People tend to look at how well they are handling the volume of their work.
People tend to look bad when they've just done something enormously stupid.
People tend to look for flaws in an idea rather than the merits.
People tend to look for information when an issue or incident erupts.
People tend to look for nonfiction titles.
People tend to look in garages.
People tend to look past that kind of attitude, unless it is unlawful.
People tend to look up and enjoy the sky.
People tend to lose interest.
People tend to lose motivation at the two month mark.
People tend to lose their civility behind a keyboard.
People tend to lose their teeth from accidents, tooth decay or gum disease.
People tend to lose weight as the disease progresses.
People tend to love it or hate it.
People tend to love it.
People tend to love or hate the place.
People tend to make bad decisions about sex when they are high or drunk.
People tend to make fun of others when they are absent.
People tend to make irrational decisions based on their wants rather than their needs.
People tend to make more mistakes working in isolation.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
People tend to make the same mistakes again and again.
People tend to make their appreciation for new business shown in tangible ways.
People tend to make their information more concise over the phone.
People tend to marry individuals like themselves.
People tend to marry only when they can economically afford to.
People tend to migrate to urban areas to get jos in factories.
People tend to migrate towards free stuff.
People tend to mirror others they trust.
People tend to misplace their emailed announcements.
People tend to modulate their tone in kind.
People tend to move at the end of the month.
People tend to move bikes around when unoccupied before the race.
People tend to move into West Seattle but never out.
People tend to move slower if there is tension in their bodies.
People tend to move their eyes in specific directions when they access each rep system.
People tend to move to the best and latest, sometimes without knowing the exact benefits.
People tend to move toward the light.
People tend to move toward the right when given a choice.
People tend to move up in the car cycle.
People tend to move with the flow.
People tend to murmur rather than shout here, even when there's live piano music.
People tend to neglect out-apiaries that are located too far from headquarters.
People tend to neglect women with big feet.
People tend to notice what they're looking for or what is true.
People tend to obsess about storage conditions.
People tend to only associate gangsta' rap with beating women, killing another man and drug dealing.
People tend to only remember the emotions that the events of their youth caused.
People tend to operate from anecdotal information.
People tend to organize information in a manner that supports their opinions and beliefs.
People tend to overdo special effects on web pages.
People tend to overeat after fights, major disappointments or setbacks.
People tend to over-emphasize the Olympics.
People tend to over-estimate Spain.
People tend to overestimate the height of vertical objects.
People tend to over-estimate their revenues and underestimate their operating costs.
People tend to overexpose their photos, causing the aurora to look washed out.
People tend to over-generalize based on negatives.
People tend to overidentify with their title, position, agenda, and company.
People tend to overlook prices if it's been recommended.
People tend to overlook the obvious when it comes to exercise.
People tend to over-lubricate.
People tend to overstate viewing of some things and understate viewing of other things.
People tend to paint things with a broad brush, especially when they're annoyed.
People tend to panic and jump out of the fry pan into the fire.
People tend to pass lightly over facts, which often are difficult to understand.
People tend to pattern themselves after the managers they worked for in the past.
People tend to pay attention primarily to fans for their processors rather than the case itself.
People tend to pay more attention to attractive people, period.
People tend to pay more attention to shorter, direct requests.
People tend to perform to expectations - if they know what they are.
People tend to pick the image they are used to seeing.
People tend to place in undue emphasis on ergonomics.
People tend to pray after they've watched others pray.
People tend to prefer a sharply focused image.
People tend to prefer vibrant, rich, saturated colors in photographs.
People tend to procrastinate, and leave routines hanging as just looses strands of ideas.
People tend to produce better results when the rewards are visible, tangible and quantifiable.
People tend to project their own complexity onto the computer.
People tend to protect a painful shoulder and hold the arm next to the body.
People tend to protect themselves from pain.
People tend to push negotiations into the extreme.
People tend to put all kind of garbage on their pages.
People tend to put on music and switch off their brains.
People tend to put their feet up and can knock cables loose.
People tend to put things together a little easier.
People tend to put too much fertilizer on their lawns and fertilize too often.
People tend to put water in it, turn it on and forget about it.
People tend to quickly join in on something after somebody else has made the commitment.
People tend to raise their brows when listening or waiting for the other to speak.
People tend to rate service fees on first glance.
People tend to rationalise it in their head.
People tend to reach their earnings peak earlier now but things can change very quickly.
People tend to react individually to antidepressants.
People tend to react most intensely to the loss of rights they already have.
People tend to react to our level of energy and attitude.
People tend to react to the cards in similar ways because they represent archetypes.
People tend to react unrationally and tend to blow things out of proportion.
People tend to read different things.
People tend to read in spurts.
People tend to read more closely when they take notes than when they use a highlighter.
People tend to read more into a statement like that than just the logical content.
People tend to read only the first two lines anyway.
People tend to read the cover first.
People tend to recall angles better then positions in linear lists.
People tend to recognize good customer service when they receive it.
People tend to reflect their background.
People tend to regulate themselves.
People tend to relate to other members as they do within their own family.
People tend to relate to realistic photographs more easily than unrealistic ones.
People tend to relax and corruption seeps back in.
People tend to relax and enjoy the show.
People tend to rely heavily on tradition to reduce the feelings of chaos that can easily set in.
People tend to rely on scales too much.
People tend to rely too much on the rider ahead and just repeat the call without really looking .
People tend to remain in close physical contact during social interaction.
People tend to remain volunteers only if they are treated with respect and appreciation.
People tend to remember and comprehend more effectively because of mood and environment.
People tend to remember beginnings and endings.
People tend to remember eight times as much when they see and hear rather than what they just hear.
People tend to remember fewer points rather than many.
People tend to remember more what happened in their neighbourhood.
People tend to remember someone who holds their attention and listens to their words.
People tend to remember stories that are couched in a joke.
People tend to remember the first one.
People tend to remember things that are more personalized.
People tend to remove many more trees than are necessary during site preparation.
People tend to repeat earlier conclusions.
People tend to repeat themselves.
People tend to resent a lack of choice.
People tend to resist change, even when it is for good reasons and delivers tangible benefits.
People tend to resist the confiscatory schemes of governments.
People tend to resort to conversation and horseplay after five to six minutes of intense studying.
People tend to respect or favor students who are like themselves.
People tend to respond best when it is someone from their local area.
People tend to respond better and do more business with people they know and trust.
People tend to respond better to a letter that has a colourful stamp apparently affixed by hand.
People tend to respond better to asking than telling or yelling.
People tend to respond in the manner they are treated.
People tend to respond much more favorably to fans than to critics.
People tend to retire from the same company with which they got their first job.
People tend to return time after time because they get great service every time.
People tend to return, unconsciously, to old ways of working.
People tend to romanticize relationships.
People tend to rotate out of Japan after three years.
People tend to run from the room rather than face up to the enormity of it all.
People tend to sabotage motor homes.
People tend to satisfice on there answe r to avoid confrontation.
People tend to save coupons.
People tend to say the desk telephone, but there's the computer, the pager, the cell phone.
People tend to scan classified ads looking for specific items of interest.
People tend to search for polysensoriality, with a more holistic vision.
People tend to see a pentagram and think the person with it is a devil worshipper.
People tend to see grading as a competitive exercise.
People tend to see money, and many other things, as games.
People tend to see only their department.
People tend to see relations between things that are actually unrelated.
People tend to see the Cold War as a watershed.
People tend to see trends like 'high noon' and 'midnight' and so on.
People tend to see what they want to see and evaluate it the way they want to evaluate it.
People tend to seek confirmation before reacting to a warning .
People tend to segregate themselves and to 'attach' people of other groups.
People tend to self-segregate, staying close to the people most like themselves.
People tend to send two types of messages.
People tend to separate the two, whereas fitness can be a way of life.
People tend to separate what they know about neighborhoods from their technical knowledge.
People tend to serve on fewer boards in the high-tech industry than they do in other industries.
People tend to set modest goals a.
People tend to share a lot of practical knowledge.
People tend to share a lot of themselves.
People tend to share their disappointment rather than their satisfaction.
People tend to shed their normal social and sexual inhibitions when they travel.
People tend to shoot at the biggest targets because they are the easiest to hit.
People tend to shun manufacturing, but it still is an important source of our nation's wealth.
People tend to sign in and out at different times of the day.
People tend to sit on the table and do the damage to the table.
People tend to skim resumes from top to bottom like a table of contents.
People tend to skip long multi-poem posts and it makes the individual pieces harder to comment on.
People tend to slack off when they think that they have plenty of time until a deadline.
People tend to smack their lips at the idea of someone's wielding power in their behalf.
People tend to sort of move in.
People tend to sound stupid when they intellectualize dance music.
People tend to speak about things they have talked about before.
People tend to speak more freely and openly to one another.
People tend to speak often about their hearts, breasts, guts, and genitals.
People tend to specialize in collecting a type of postcard or a particular subject.
People tend to spend a lot of time just building networks.
People tend to spend according to what they believe is their permanent income level.
People tend to spend according to what they believe their permanent income is.
People tend to spend as little time and effort as possible to satisfy their wants and needs.
People tend to spread it around more than holiday cheer.
People tend to stare, and can be rude.
People tend to stare.
People tend to start talking about a particular problem they have.
People tend to start up their own chants rather than following anything coming from the sound truck.
People tend to start with vigor and then burn out.
People tend to stay around for a while and chat with each other.
People tend to stay away from gyms during dreary weather.
People tend to stay in their comfort zones.
People tend to stay positive here, because it's encouraged via the tone of the site.
People tend to stay there for a good period of time.
People tend to stay with their same friends and their same routines.
People tend to stay with what they know.
People tend to stereotype names based on their popularity.
People tend to stick around out of habit.
People tend to stick to communicating with members of their own class, age group or job.
People tend to stick to their own side of the river when going out casually.
People tend to stick with one brand.
People tend to strap on a little more arrogance with a larger pay check.
People tend to structure their group based on their expectations.
People tend to stuff objects of all shapes, sizes and materials into their suitcases.
People tend to subconsciously lean toward the moods that surrounding colors suggest.
People tend to support the completion of projects before they jump into new ones.
People tend to support the same team their whole lives.
People tend to support what they have helped develop.
People tend to support what they help to create.
People tend to sway to one idea of music, and that is the way they express themselves.
People tend to sweat a lot.
People tend to sweep imperfections under the rug.
People tend to switch from one faith to another with little difficulty.
People tend to take advantage of a passive person.
People tend to take better care of something when they have a financial commitment.
People tend to take extreme positions that are designed to counter their opponents' positions.
People tend to take for granted all of the gasses and refinery fuels that travel by.
People tend to take great liberties when describing their personalities. and appearances.
People tend to take in the same number of calories.
People tend to take it for granted.
People tend to take language for granted.
People tend to take life for granted and live the present without any concern for the future.
People tend to take more breaks, drink more coffee, eat more doughnuts, stop to warm up more often.
People tend to take more responsibility for the property of people they know.
People tend to take on too much and then fail and blame the technology.
People tend to take peace in the level of daily life.
People tend to take pictures from too great a distance.
People tend to take risks when they are self-imposed or well known, but resist involuntary risk.
People tend to take that kind of stuff too seriously.
People tend to take the word creative to mean inspired, or gifted.
People tend to take themselves and their activities here seriously.
People tend to take trees for granted.
People tend to take two, possibly three, weeks' vacation. . . .
People tend to talk about religion , both for and against.
People tend to talk after the fact in pro football.
People tend to talk at the speed at which they like to be spoken to.
People tend to talk dry, and want sweet.
People tend to think about sharks in one of two ways.
People tend to think because they are super spiritual then automatically that makes their children.
People tend to think computers can do anything.
People tend to think either about a function or a job.
People tend to think in their working lives that they want to give to charity.
People tend to think it was either brilliant or the worst thing they've ever seen.
People tend to think linear, and on the same logical level.
People tend to think of athletic scholarships, too.
People tend to think of attributes as something they possess, rather than something they do.
People tend to think of balance as a dichotomy.
People tend to think of black magic, of casting spells and evil spirits.
People tend to think of black markets only in negative terms.
People tend to think of caves as barren, lifeless areas.
People tend to think of diabetes as one disease.
People tend to think of diversity as simply demographic, a matter of race, gender or age.
People tend to think of drug treatment as a simple unitary thing.
People tend to think of freshwater fish as being in ponds, reservoirs and lakes.
People tend to think of galaxies as isolated entities but maybe they are more like coral islands.
People tend to think of it as a transient community of sterile high-rises.
People tend to think of it as an add-on.
People tend to think of meetings as boring and lacking in creativity.
People tend to think of Mexican food as fast food.
People tend to think of middleware too narrowly.
People tend to think of mobile phones as having tiny screens and a small typeface.
People tend to think of optical telescopes whenever they think of astronomy.
People tend to think of pantomime.
People tend to think of patents as secrets and guarded.
People tend to think of perception as a passive process.
People tend to think of potatoes only as high in starch and carbohydrates.
People tend to think of savings mainly in relation to retirement.
People tend to think of science as some huge, scary, gigantic thing.
People tend to think of screenplays the way they think of novels.
People tend to think of sexuality as the main ingredient young people have to offer.
People tend to think of shame in more traditional societies like Japan.
People tend to think of southern Utah as a land of canyons, and it certainly is.
People tend to think of the mess that is made by city pigeons.
People tend to think of their site like they do a yellow page ad.
People tend to think of things in sound-bite history.
People tend to think of women's studies as progressive and liberal.
People tend to think one needs to be rich to spend years abroad.
People tend to think only in terms of the Internet.
People tend to think price is indicative of the quality of what they are getting.
People tend to think that because Belgium is linguistically split it is also religiously divided.
People tend to think that because the Web is distributed, it is ungovernable.
People tend to think that corporate life is intense, strained, ambitious and deadly serious.
People tend to think that dogs only dream of chasing or being chased.
People tend to think that everything in the computer industry has to be easy.
People tend to think that native gardens are wild looking or messy or out of control.
People tend to think that only the water that they see adult fish in is important to fish.
People tend to think that service-learning is simply performing a community service.
People tend to think that space is a quiet place with no activity.
People tend to think that spiders are insects but they are classified as arachnids.
People tend to think that the way they did it is the best way.
People tend to think that the whole world is organized that way.
People tend to think that their dogs are little people in furry suits.
People tend to think that their esoteric knowledge is so important.
People tend to think that they can do anything themselves, even Spiritual things.
People tend to think that's the way it has to be.
People tend to think their culture is the only culture and therefore the best.
People tend to think they can eat all they want if the food is fat-free.
People tend to think they're perfectly safe.
People tend to think well of their fellow humans.
People tend to think what they can verbalize.
People tend to throw all skepticism out of the window.
People tend to throw trash down when they see other trash on the walk or in the yard.
People tend to throw trash on the ground.
People tend to tolerate more of the latter.
People tend to trade away inferior money and hoard the best.
People tend to treat each experience as an opportunity for personal growth.
People tend to treat e-mails more as conversations than as formal communications.
People tend to treat the war, so broad and cataclysmic, like a natural disaster.
People tend to trip on scatter rugs at all ages.
People tend to trust encyclopedias and dictionaries more than tabloid newspapers.
People tend to trust facts and figures that come from a computer.
People tend to trust names they recognize and are well regarded in the community.
People tend to trust sources with whom they have established relationships.
People tend to trust Web sites that are more usable.
People tend to try and tear each other down instead of building each other up.
People tend to try and visit everyone, which can take hours.
People tend to try what they have at hand before looking for alternatives.
People tend to tune out of one note.
People tend to turn their heads toward the noise.
People tend to turn to rationality and expect similar offers and promises.
People tend to type until it hurts, and then they take a break.
People tend to typecast players.
People tend to unconsciously fill in missing information in order to complete the reconstruction.
People tend to underbid when they're afraid of winner's curse.
People tend to underestimate distance and overestimate their ability to travel.
People tend to underestimate how costly mistakes are.
People tend to underestimate the amount of space needed for their belongings.
People tend to underrate and devalue their skills and experiences.
People tend to underrate the capabilities of decentralized collaboration.
People tend to underrate their competence, rather than overrate it.
People tend to under-report their substance misuse and getting accurate data can be tricky.
People tend to undervalue ecology.
People tend to use climbing spikes.
People tend to use desktop for newsletters which are basically words and some graphics.
People tend to use documentation in three ways.
People tend to use it as a way of describing tasks that are important.
People tend to use passwords that are easy to remember, ones they won t forget easily.
People tend to use sexual assault interchangeably with rape.
People tend to use smoking as a substitute for food.
People tend to use the Web to find information rather than to settle in for a long read.
People tend to use the word edgy to just mean four letter words.
People tend to use their drone for many different reasons.
People tend to use their own definitions of software architecture, which is confusing.
People tend to use thinking to parade their egos.
People tend to use what's available.
People tend to utilize existing repertoires rather than develop novel responses to each situation.
People tend to value certain abilities more than they value others.
People tend to value the profession of lawyer more than the profession of sociology professor.
People tend to value the profession of medical doctor more than the profession of brick layer.
People tend to value what they pay for, one of the reasons newspapers have such credence.
People tend to view an icon with several different understandings.
People tend to view the brain as a sort of input-output box.
People tend to view the racial divide as caused by others.
People tend to view the stock market as a monolith, with everything moving in lockstep.
People tend to view war as a male affair, and often forget the important contribution women make.
People tend to vilify gambling as the root of all evil.
People tend to visit a place that they know how to get to more often.
People tend to visit several merchant account providers before they sign up.
People tend to vote on party lines.
People tend to want facts immediately, and come and look up information.
People tend to want to be in step with a marching, uplifting force.
People tend to want to come here.
People tend to want to get out of the way when there is bombing.
People tend to want to go out there and give it a hundred and ten per cent.
People tend to want to pet and say goodbye or hello to their horse all at the gate.
People tend to want to take care of their employees.
People tend to want to tie up loose ends before the new year.
People tend to want whatever is the newest and fastest car on the market.
People tend to watch out for one another once relationships are formed.
People tend to wear down, and find out that it's harder than they thought.
People tend to withdraw into themselves.
People tend to work at problem solving in two different ways.
People tend to work better when their work is positively recognized.
People tend to work harder on the things they really enjoy doing.
People tend to work on things with the closest deadline.
People tend to worry too much about what other people think.
People tend to worry when they feel threatened.
People tend to write about events and their feelings about events.
People tend to write about what they know.
People tend too easily to divide into camps, thus giving life in the church a political flavor.
People terrified by false alarms about bats and rabies are vulnerable to many kinds of exploitation.
People test our quality, and they stay.
People test the aerodynamics of how airplanes work by making very small scale models.
People test themselves.
People then act according to the urges of their memes, rather than rational consideration.
People then act in accordance with their views of reality and society.
People then appear as ugly, violent, cruel, and threatening.
People then become bitter, angry, and revengeful.
People then become involved and spread the word about the event in the surrounding area.
People then become more responsible for the decisions that they make.
People then begin to believe it, taking it as fact.
People then begin to realize how much they miss friends and places they left behind.
People then behave accordingly.
People then blame the government rather than the deeper economic and historical forces.
People then bring bread, beer and drums to the synagogue and they dance around with the Torah.
People then can contribute to a specific individual's pool.
People then can pick chili peppers off the rastra and add to any dish.
People then can relax with a glass of the wine they like the best.
People then check out the music and email their friends.
People then collect the water, clean it and use it in some way.
People then come out and provide natural surveillance.
People then come to expect friendly behavior from that person all the time.
People then come up with persuasive reasons to justify their moral intuition.
People then develop more powerful pesticides to kill the resistant pests.
People then end up in hostels and wont be housed again until they clear their arrears.
People then enter phrases of two, three, or more words to narrow the searches.
People then find themselves stuck with an inferior product and unable to change.
People then form groups and go through the following process.
People then gather around the casket to listen to the rites of burial given by the clergy.
People then have a choice.
People then have a context to hear the experimentation in.
People then have all sorts of awakenings and tell incredible stories.
People then have real incentives to live with, and look after, their wildlife.
People then hug, eat refreshments, and go home feeling uplifted.
People then lock all their arms, and it makes a place almost inaccessible.
People then lose water.
People then plant new trees to take the place of the ones that they cut down.
People then put donations in the jar of their choice.
People then realize that their assumptions are wrong, either too optimistic or too pessimistic.
People then return to the Bedouin way of building.
People then search the index of what was found.
People then send an application .
People then send an application.
People then share their stories with each other, organizing social behavior.
People then talk with friends, colleagues and trusted advisors.
People then tend to get out of their cars.
People then think that time is really going slowly.
People then try to draw on their personal experience to fill in the topic.
People then try to get 'it' back of course, which is human nature.
People then use buckets to carry the fish from the boats to trucks.
People then use that table when they're filling out forms.
People then use underground water supplies as a source for drinking water.
People there are a mixed bag of both unionist liberals and gop religious rightists.
People there are also human beings.
People there are always excited.
People there are always kind.
People there are blue and red in the face.
People there are complete jerks.
People there are dramatic, funny, very human.
People there are extremely helpful.
People there are furious.
People there are good at wielding rubber stamps.
People there are happy and content.
People there are hungry.
People there are incredibly helpful and knowledgeable.
People there are just so understanding.
People there are more concerned about taxes being exported to other areas.
People there are more likely to play console games than PC games, due to the cost of PC systems.
People there are more likely try things to help themselves before they come to the doctor.
People there are more traditional.
People there are nice and sincere.
People there are nice.
People there are originally from Tibet, and are Bhuddist.
People there are poverty-stricken and in poor health.
People there are pure and unsophisticated.
People there are quite intelligent even though they are wizards.
People there are quite well off by world standards.
People there are really excited and ready to go.
People there are really excited.
People there are so brainwashed, they're like puppets.
People there are so friendly and helpful.
People there are so friendly.
People There are soccer and volley ball matches everyday.
People there are unhappy for lack of development.
People there are very active in participation and involved in management.
People there are very comfortable and beautiful.
People there are very friendly and warm.
People there are very much content with whatever little they have.
People there are very open, very giving, very friendly.
People there are very special and grateful.
People there are well educated, the soil is fertile and there is a solid continental climate.
People there are who say that they have renounced the world.
People there can almost leave their doors unlocked at night.
People there can do whatever they like, and take responsibility for it.
People there deserve it.
People there develop lactose intolerance.
People there drink fenugreek tea .
People there drink fenugreek tea.
People there drive like shit.
People there drive small cars and often prefer to use the bicycle or their feet for transportation.
People there face a risk of malnutrition due to lack of access to food.
People there feel that the crucial issue is class.
People there go by taste and what they like, just like everybody else.
People there grow cassava with difficulty.
People there grow up gathering herbs and digging roots.
People there have a right to be depressed.
People there have food in one hand, food in the other and they're walking around looking for food.
People there have no experience of flooding and so are unprepared to respond.
People there have to buy barrells of water from water truckers, often at very high prices.
People there have to wait for relief coming in.
People there know the debt is draining their economy.
People there know they're going to happen.
People there live a nomadic tribal life that depends on animal husbandry.
People there live a very long time.
People there live in the stark openness under nothing more than thin plastic sheets strung to poles.
People there live mainly off the land.
People there make paper products by an ancient process and produce charmingly painted umbrellas.
People there respect work, both for production and for the benefit of society.
People there say they are braced for further trouble and even willing to die for their faith.
People there say they have been bitterly disappointed.
People there seem more receptive to dogs on the trail.
People there seem to be multi-instrumentalists.
People there seem to know they're part of something special - it's in their character.
People there seem usually to prefer discussing theory to dealing with human emotions.
People there share passwords the way they share pencils.
People there speak dialect and the pace of life is comfortably slow .
People there spend most of their time having lunch.
People there strive for perfection and they are very intolerant of people who stray over the lines.
People there take monthly shifts.
People there tend to vote for the other party.
People there trade services in units of an hour.
People there understand that the technology market has a manic-depressive streak.
People there understand the game.
People there understand the native language, customs and quirks of operating in the Far East.
People there use slash and burn farming method.
People there work and they just work.
People there work in small stores too , like barber , grocery , hardware , and coffee shop .
People there work in small stores too, like barber, grocery, hardware, and coffee shop.
People therefore become frightened.
People therefore desire unnecessary or ungodly products and services instead of good useful ones.
People therefore ignore the metric price.
People therefore preserve silent integritythus earning the respect of their relatives and neighbors.
People therefore require insulin injections to control their blood glucose levels.
People theres a way out find it.
People think a hearing aid gives people normal hearing.
People think a hearing loss never alters.
People think a life closely with nature is comfortable.
People think a national airline is a symbol of their country.
People think a quarter for a cup of coffee or one dollar for two lunches is a big tip.
People think a sub is weak, but it takes incredible strength and endurance.
People think a wife and mother at home and a husband as breadwinner is a biblical pattern.
People think about class all the time.
People Think About Computing.
People think about content as publishing.
People think about how they can help each other.
People think about it a lot.
People think about it in terms of myth.
People think about it.
People think about neighborhood gatherings or parties for birthdays, weddings or anniversaries.
People think about safety way more than they used to.
People think about that more than the players do.
People think about the needs of the congregation as a whole.
People think about the world in abstract concepts whichdescribe acomplex physical world.
People think about their moves, munch on snacks, or get diverted into political discussions.
People think about work as a way to get somewhere.
People think absolute concentration absolutely.
People think acting is a natural talent, but anybody can improve their skills.
People think all distance runners do is simply run.
People think all humans are alike to a flea.
People think all they can do is stay at home and do nothing.
People think an umpire's strike zone is a real precise thing.
People think and act differently year by year without necessarily knowing it.
People think and behave differently.
People think and learn in different ways.
People think angels fly because they have wings.
People think animals are like cars, or that they're disposable.
People think anorexics are self-centered, spoiled, doing it for attention.
People think apples are juicy and round.
People think as their leaders think.
People think atheists believe in evolution and are communists.
People think bags when they think cough drops.
People think bats are blind.
People think bats drink cows blood.
People think because of the couple games they lost, their defense is weaker.
People think because their water is clear that the internal components are clean as well.
People think being overextended borrowers end up repossessed.
People think better on a full stomach.
People think bicycling is an individual sport, but it's really a team event.
People think big and they think resourcefully.
People think big companies get away with murder.
People think Black people have all the hard times.
People think bosses are mean.
People think bullying is jumping up and screaming.
People think by processing and process by talking to themselves and others.
People think careers have paths and the reality is that our lives change.
People think catering is all about the creative process, but it's so much bigger.
People think competition is the name of the game.
People think computers are alive.
People think confrontation and caring are mutually exclusive.
People think conservation is just the latest fad, or some government scheme.
People think contact is holding or pulling.
People think convenience is cool.
People think corporations are faceless.
People think dance is a big complicated thing.
People think different things.
People think differently about the way they eat.
People think differently, act differently, relate with the West really differently.
People think directors have more power than they actually do.
People think disabled women are sexless.
People think Druids are evil because church and the media say so.
People think ecstasy is an emotion.
People think enlightenment is about absorbing wisdom from wise sayings.
People think entrepreneurs start companies to make big money.
People think even faster than they can listen.
People think every day is the same, but it is very different.
People think every stock goes up, and all they have to do is buy any stock at any price.
People think everything has to be worked out in detail before they start.
People think everything has to match exactly.
People think everything is gray, thorny and boring.
People think everything is gray, thorny, and boring.
People think failed attempts at repair are very important in why radiation produces cancer.
People think faster than they speak.
People think fat is the culprit of all disease.
People think fluently in the language they use fluently.
People think freezing affects the taste, but look at what it does to meat or food.
People think future or regret past.
People think guns offer protection.
People think harass is two words.
People think here's a chance to make a cuppa or deposit a chocolate bar in the ocean.
People think hockey is a sport.
People think Hollywood movies are real.
People think if they do something wrong, they'll ruin their computer.
People think if they have enough gold, they can make the rules.
People think in all tenses.
People think in images.
People think in more than one dimension.
People think in terms of classes and objects .
People think in terms of classes and objects.
People think in terms of images as well as words.
People think in terms of what they see and how things look .
People think in the language of images and communicate with images.
People think in words.
People think it costs a fortune to build a web system.
People think it is a euphemism for cartel.
People think it is a light switch, instantaneous.
People think it is a simple solution to truck it over to Illinois, but that is too short-sighted.
People think it is a very wealthy place - although they've never been there.
People think it is a wild, speculative venture.
People think it is better than perhaps it actually is.
People think it is cathartic.
People think it is easy to do what they have done.
People think it is interesting.
People think it is just cramming banner ads onto the phones.
People think it is one of the most beautiful universities in China .
People think it is one of the most beautiful universities in China.
People think it is rough and dangerous, barbaric.
People think it is someone else's problem.
People think it is such fun . . .
People think it is the blame of the movies and television.
People think it is the norm that actors throw tantrums, drink, fight.
People think it just happens.
People think it refers to high-quality cores, but for socketization the real issue is core delivery.
People think it s a bar-code reader.
People think it s an overrated virtue.
People think it s boring.
People think it s easy.
People think it s inspiring to be where something memorable happened long ago.
People think it s just an executive search firm.
People think it s sophisticated but it is very simple.
People think it was a miscarriage of justice.
People think it was an arson.
People think it works well, it works efficiently.
People think Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, France, Italy.
People think it's a beautiful place and it is.
People think it's a business issue when in reality it's something else.
People think it's a different person.
People think it's a fresh sport, but it's old.
People think it's a hippie orgy or a cult.
People think it's a man's job.
People think it's a neat thing, it adds some value.
People think it's a person, because it's a very nice woman who answers.
People think it's a political decision.
People think it's a regular class.
People think it's a revolving door.
People think it's about gold.
People think it's all bang bang bang.
People think it's an admission of failure to seek outside help.
People think it's an easy way to reduce poverty.
People think it's an imported uttappam, and they go for it in a big way.
People think it's atmosphere.
People think it's because of payroll.
People think it's bigger than it is.
People think it's complicated for student entrepreneurs to start a business.
People think it's conflicting, giving a different speech to different groups.
People think it's cookie-baking that makes the feeling of home.
People think it's cool to be part of that.
People think it's cool.
People think it's crazy.
People think it's easy, but it's a lot of work.
People think it's easy.
People think it's falling apart, but in reality it's as solid as it can be.
People think it's funny or they look the other way.
People think it's funny.
People think it's glam rock, punk rock, whatever.
People think it's great.
People think it's hilarious.
People think it's how adults get back to an occupation they used to have.
People think it's legal in the first three months only.
People think it's naughtier and ruder if it's a one night stand.
People think it's OK to break the speed limit if they're keeping up with the flow of traffic.
People think it's only five minutes.
People think it's out of control, that the population is growing like cancer.
People think it's pretty off the wall, or questionable.
People think it's really great.
People think it's safe, and then they get hurt.
People think it's the nicest one.
People think it's the opposite, but it's been incredibly easy.
People think it's too cheap.
People think it's too expensive.
People think it's unhealthy that one company is controlling so much.
People think it's unusual to be a Jewish cowboy.
People think it's very backwards.
People think it's wonderful.
People think jets are better, but turbo propellers are just the same.
People think just because they are giant, automatically means they are vicious.
People think just wearing concealer covers up everything.
People think kids are going downhill.
People think librarians are unromantic, unimaginative.
People think listening is boring.
People think love is an emotion.
People think low fat means tasteless.
People think Lucas is dirty.
People think Manhattan is inhospitable to geothermal energy because it is built on bedrock.
People think mastering the skill part is hard, but they re wrong.
People think more about traveling anywhere by train if they can get there more quickly.
People think more about what they want to happen that what is going to happen.
People think more creatively because they are getting input from a broader spectrum of perspectives.
People think moths eat clothing.
People think myth means false or untrue.
People think neutered dogs are more sleepy and less playful than usual after castration.
People think no one gets the measles anymore.
People think non-communication is better than difficult communication.
People think non-parents get a better deal when it comes to pay, promotions and plum assignments.
People think nothing of doing that with their shoes.
People think nothing of going to see their solicitor or bookseller on the tenth floor.
People think nothing of it when women let their breasts hang out.
People think now, they're facing a system that's trying to ration.
People think nuclear power and see a mushroom cloud.
People think nuclear when they hear radiation.
People think of a chaplain as someone who visits the hospital or a pastor in a military setting.
People think of a solid mass of air jammed into a pneumatic bag.
People think of AIPs as being for young or new investors.
People think of animation as very fun and magical.
People think of anorexia and bulimia as the afflictions of models and professional pretty women.
People think of arthritis as one disease, osteoarthritis, which mainly affects the elderly.
People think of astronomers as isolated in some old observatory, peering through a telescope.
People think of black students as a unified group instead of as a coalition to build community.
People think of caves as black holes filled with bats.
People think of cloaks and daggers and dramatic coups but all that intelligence is, is information.
People think of comics as silly stories featuring men in tights.
People think of content as publishing.
People think of Denmark as being expensive.
People think of food as something like a chore.
People think of gas explosions or carbon-monoxide poisoning.
People think of happiness as a given.
People think of higher education as something that benefits an individual student.
People think of history as names and dates about the passage of time.
People think of Hollywood as the epicenter of the entertainment industry.
People think of Ignatian prayer as meditative.
People think of it as a dark, foreboding, snake infested area.
People think of it like they once thought of dialing O for the telephone operator.
People think of it very literally.
People think of 'jihad' as 'to kill' but that is wrong.
People think of kindergarten as preparing children for school.
People think of Let It Ride as a kind of poker, but it really has almost nothing to do with poker.
People think of macrobiotics as a healing method now.
People think of Milwaukee as one of America's great beer cities.
People think of New York City as wide and broad, but there is a lot of isolation.
People think of objects as having color .
People think of objects as having color.
People think of organic as healthy but it can be more indulgent with food like chocolate.
People think of prairies like they are ppicninc areas.
People think of quilts as a combination of color and pattern.
People think of quilts to put on beds to keep themselves warm.
People think of rabbits as cute, little animals that are really timid.
People think of revolution as a bloodbath.
People think of safe sex as a boring thing.
People think of shopping for groceries as slightly more pleasant than a root canal.
People think of smokestacks when they think of Pittsburgh.
People think of teammwork on offense, but it was just great teammwork on defense.
People think of television as entertainment or passive.
People think of that as a bad thing.
People think of that kind of a company as a machine.
People think of the Constitution when they think of freedom.
People think of the defeat of a nation in terms of conquest by an external enemy.
People think of the flagrant causes of fraud.
People think of the hard sale.
People think of the Kansas City team as a quiet, steady club.
People think of the new year as a milestone.
People think of the pilot as being very courageous.
People think of the pilot as very courageous.
People think of the piranha fish as being a fearsome predator.
People think of the planet Earth as almost indestructible, and it is.
People think of the size of people in terms of height.
People think of their money as the most private of their characteristics.
People think of themselves as being picked up by old friends.
People think of treating bacterial infections with antibiotics.
People think of tuba players as hefty, bald guys huffing and puffing in the back of the orchestra.
People think of ways to keep our memory alive.
People think of wood as something they can use.
People think oil companies make a lot of money.
People think online is seamless.
People think only about what happens between the white lines.
People think only of life, but in fact death is important in the proper balance of life.
People think opera is an art form from the past.
People think organic means no chemicals.
People think our programs are recorded.
People think our town is going to grow.
People think PACs are bad.
People think pigeons are birds.
People think pigs are dirty and smelly, but they're really smart.
People think politicians don t listen to the public, but they listen to polls.
People think pop music has no musical value, but pop is a form.
People think possibilities, but then they have to turn the possibilities into action.
People think prenups cause divorce.
People think reality is another word for chaos.
People think recumbents look weird.
People think rehab is for drugs and alcohol.
People think reincarnation is an Eastern concept.
People think retirement assets are only for retirement.
People think rich is better.
People think science and technology is good.
People think sex has to be spontaneous and natural rather than thought out and protected.
People think simulation is real, and 'live' unaware of their real state.
People think someone dressed in the same category of clothes takes on the same type of thoughts.
People think stress causes everything.
People think taking the one less traveled by makes all difference.
People think teen smoking comes from the ads.
People think that a boatswain's mate just chips paint, but there's a lot more to the job.
People think that a celeb's life is fantastic.
People think that a quote is important just because it's a quote.
People think that agents travel all the time.
People think that all a sprinter needs to do is to run all out, but that's so Hollywood.
People think that all schools have gangs and people bring guns to school.
People think that animals can be tamed like some sort of dog.
People think that apprenticeship leads to work in dirty, noisy environments.
People think that Arabbers are classless people.
People think that as soon as they're discharged, everything is fine.
People think that at the end of the day a man is the only answer.
People think that bats like light.
People think that because it's going across a wire, it's more vulnerable.
People think that being overweight means that a person is lazy or bad .
People think that being overweight means that a person is lazy or bad.
People think that being reborn as a dog is some kind of big disgrace.
People think that census records are accurate records.
People think that children receive many treats in hospitals.
People think that cholesterol is bad, but it is critically important to human health.
People think that circuses are fun.
People think that cloning technology can produce an exact copy of an existing adult human being.
People think that coaches are only working when they get on the field.
People think that entrepreneurs have more freedom and independence than employees.
People think that events repeat less often than they actually do.
People think that every band needs to have a piano in it.
People think that everyone in a prison is a piece of trash.
People think that fitness is going into a gym and lifting weights.
People think that forest land is the best habitat for salmon.
People think that getting in shape and losing weight is about having willpower.
People think that getting on a ski patrol is the hard part.
People think that good pitchers strike everyone out.
People think that growth of the city comes from building the university in the city.
People think that having a career as a chamber musician is some kind of glamorous lifestyle.
People think that hidden equates bad.
People think that hunting means only killing and trophies but hunters create life.
People think that if a person is happy being fat, there's something wrong with that person.
People think that if an employee deleted a file, that evidence is gone.
People think that if the directions call for so much, more is better.
People think that indoor soccer is like beach volleyball.
People think that insulin replacement solves the problem.
People think that is an end in itself.
People think that it is high culture.
People think that it's a waste of time to clean their applicators on a daily basis.
People think that it's either time consuming, expensive, or ineffective.
People think that it's much more glamorous than it really is.
People think that it's OK to be afraid of math.
People think that just because everything is taken care of season after season.
People think that just because it s their pet it s o-k to touch it all the time.
People think that just because they can tape music it's OK to use it in any way they see fit.
People think that knowledge ruins innocence.
People think that less nationalism means more trade and less war.
People think that listing what is cool is enough.
People think that living in a village is the most uncomfortable thing to do.
People think that man still has the capacity to be good.
People think that Mars is dusty.
People think that maybe one way of improving it is to boycott or avoid the situation.
People think that means only a gaming application.
People think that medicine is a lofty science.
People think that Muslim women are oppressed.
People think that New Jersey is the Turnpike and urban sprawl around New York.
People think that once they get a bigger house or a bigger car, they're going to be satisfied.
People think that online learning is dull and impersonal.
People think that only humans can be Saints.
People think that people who are homeless are bad people.
People think that person is eccentric.
People think that products with explicit warnings are more dangerous than products without warnings.
People think that psychedelics are somehow the easy way out.
People think that raking leaves is easy.
People think that raves are just big parties where people do drugs and wear funky out-fits.
People think that reality is dead empty space, but reality is actually conscious, alive, and loving.
People think that red-green weakness only affects red and green.
People think that re-incarnation is an Eastern concept.
People think that s what lawyers are all about.
People think that sudden money is a big number.
People think that the brand names make the drugs a better quality.
People think that the displaced bird can just move next door.
People think that the game is quite gentle on the body when the reverse is true.
People think that the larger the business, the more complex it is.
People think that the lawsuits took care of the problem.
People think that the North Star is very bright.
People think that the only life-saving things are food and medicine.
People think that the people in Hollywood have some master plan.
People think that the rear end looks like that.
People think that the sharks main purpose is to kill.
People think that the show is stupid and stuff.
People think that their history mechanism is broken.
People think that their only way out is through anger.
People think that their vote doesn t make a difference.
People think that there is one set technique for solving a particular problem.
People think that there is something opposite, something conflicting about that.
People think that they are reinventing the wheel.
People think that they can leave their animals in a crate, or tied up all day.
People think that they can look that way too.
People think that they can sum up their paper in one sentence.
People think that they focus on citizens to gain money for their own purpose.
People think that they have no right to judge a fact - all they have to do is to accept it.
People think that they just plain wear out, but there's more to it than that.
People think that track and field is all about running and jumping.
People think that universities are luxurious places.
People think that vampire bats drink people's blood.
People think that violence is something that happens only during war.
People think that when they go to counselling they've got problems.
People think that whenever anyone is raped, they have to have an abortion.
People think that.
People think that's nature.
People think thats strange.
People think that's such a brave thing for a politician to do.
People think the action is elsewhere.
People think the assistants just digitize the footage, but they do a lot more than that.
People think the Bible is hopelessly na ve about modern sex.
People think the cure for addiction is stopping the substance abused.
People think the damage is done, there is no reverse.
People think the dealership makes the profit on the front end, on the price of the car.
People think the devil has horns and a tail.
People think the end is near, at least for Internet advertising.
People think the front, middle and back office.
People think the government went too far.
People think the highest level of soccer in North Carolina is played in high school.
People think the Internet and the Web are the same thing.
People think the Internet is free.
People think the market can keep going up forever.
People think the medical world can do it all nowadays.
People think the name of the music is 'The Yellow Shark'.
People think the national sport is Monster Truck Pulling at the ol' arena.
People think the nuclear arms problem is solved.
People think the old nurse took care of more than one thousand people.
People think the only way out is by dying.
People think the only way to get back losses is to stay the course.
People think the photographs are splendid.
People think the pilot as very courageous.
People think the pilot is very courageous.
People think the pilot to be very courageous.
People think the planet is nearly dead.
People think the prints are from medium format negs.
People think the risk-takers like risk.
People think the sky's the limit and send stock prices flying.
People think the songs are worth something.
People think the Soviet Union was ruled by an iron fist.
People think the system is broken.
People think the United States is a wealthy and developed country, and supply of water is abundant.
People think the working class person's stupid.
People think the worst, but eventually everything is sorted out.
People think their classification impacts their pay.
People think their communities are out of control, and that nobody has a plan to make things better.
People think their particular brand of truth is it .
People think their votes are worth something.
People think there are drugs.
People think there are quite a few slot machines in Trout Lake.
People think there is no market in a poor population.
People think there is nothing wrong with padding a claim.
People think there's a catch to everything.
People think there's a free lunch and they use the bankruptcy code to get around paying.
People think there's a magic to it.
People think there's no answer, no other way out.
People think there's some secret.
People think they are boring, but there is nothing wrong with boringly making money.
People think they are creative.
People think they are doing good when the brush with fluride.
People think they are entitled to it.
People think they are expendable, replaceable like everything else.
People think they are extremely risky.
People think they are happy when misery is absent.
People think they are just shooting the uniform, but it's a person.
People think they are likely to be better than average on most things.
People think they are limited by their body's endurance - that tiring is purely physical.
People think they are simply going to have to work harder for that million-dollar payoff.
People think they are too aggressive, sometimes too poisonous and mainly never visible.
People think they are watching the future.
People think they can be self-sufficient and make their own way in the world.
People think they can beat the train.
People think they can call from the chopper and yell for the bear to come out.
People think they can come in here and whoop our butt.
People think they can do it on their own, without divine guidance.
People think they can do without poetry.
People think they can get away with things.
People think they can get better medical care in a larger city.
People think they can get by on four, five or six hours of sleep a night.
People think they can handle anything.
People think they can interrupt writing.
People think they can just wave it and sprinkle it and things are going to be great.
People think they can live without poetry.
People think they can lose sleep.
People think they can make it to shore.
People think they can mash up anything and call it pesto.
People think they can skip the whole process.
People think they can take as much as they want without any problems.
People think they can use their intellect or power of reasoning to find truth.
People think they compete, but they're actually quite complementary.
People think they contain the hidden horror of the world.
People think they cover everything, including the power windows motor.
People think they create pollution, noise, litter and drinking.
People think they do a lot of things just because they say they do.
People think they hate Mutts because it's pointless or cutesy.
People think they have a general sense of how cars work.
People think they have attained their place through quotas rather than through achievement.
People think they have forgiven others and realize later that they resent even more.
People think they have safe haven.
People think they have the right to change what the long-standing landowner has been doing.
People think they have to focus on an end product, and they get intimidated.
People think they have to say something, but it s their presence that counts.
People think they just have the one honk, but they have different meanings.
People think they know it all, but they, too, are receiving information from higher yet.
People think they know it when they see it.
People think they know more than they do.
People think they know the athletes better because of the media exposure.
People think they make it up.
People think they own something they saw on TV and that it's going to be valuable.
People think they see lot of things, especially in the night sky.
People think they show how much they care by giving presents.
People think they vacation where it s hot.
People think they want love and that they'll get it through sex.
People think they want to change their lives until they actually try.
People think they'll make money.
People think they're big, bad killing machines.
People think they're coming to see a rinky-dinky hula show, and they come away educated.
People think they're crazy or faking.
People think they're crazy.
People think they're dangerous, but they're really quite harmless.
People think they're fire proof, that they live in flames.
People think they're funny.
People think they're going to be reduced to rubble by reengineering.
People think they're going to run out of customers if they target market.
People think they're interesting.
People think they're invisible.
People think they're safe.
People think they're simply shopping for the best price, but lower taxes allow lower prices.
People think they're smelly and ugly and they keep their noses in the grass.
People think they're so intelligent.
People think they've got to drink it young.
People think they've seen it all.
People think time is just the ticking of the clock.
People think to pass through between two straw barell firing is to keep health.
People think too much.
People think traditional phone support sucks.
People think travel is only for the rich and famous a lot of the times.
People think treatment has to be a terrible thing.
People think Twirling is basically the loss of the finch's equilibrium.
People think urine is disgusting because it stinks and is a human waste.
People think very flexibly about their own orientation.
People think very linearly, but it is the right-angle turns that really are the most interesting.
People think video games are for boys, and so are computers.
People think violence of any sort actually solves problems.
People think viruses do widespread destruction of computer hardware.
People think vision is automatic, but it is a complex process that is learned.
People think when performers work together they also have a personal relationship.
People think wireless is an extension of the internet.
People think with their language.
People think without words and the mind works with concepts instead of words.
People think wolves are blood thirsty.
People think women just go to the bathroom together.
People think writers have infinite choices to make when constructing a book.
People think Yalies are all pale and pimply.
People think young blacks just goof off.
People think, and because of that, people feel.
People think, 'Gee, it has dragged on.
People think, 'Here's a space.
People think, oh, Buffalo.
People think, Oh, it's just a dog.
People think, they can open a store on the Web, no problem.
People think, What a piece of cake.
People think, 'What a strange man.
People thinking for and organizing themselves are the only force that can realize our vision.
People thirst for genuine inner freedom.
People thoroughly deserve to have their history made exciting.
People threaten the turtles if they disturb the nesting sites or harm the sea turtles at sea.
People threaten to move or go mad.
People thrive for divine comfort and mediation.
People thrive in a work place in which all employees live by the same rules.
People thrive in huge, living buildings that are entirely self-sufficient.
People thrive in the Belmont community.
People thrive on a commitment in relationships.
People thrive on ambiguity, as long as it is quickly resolved.
People thrive on appreciation, recognition and reward.
People thrive on it.
People thrive on mobility.
People thrive on passion.
People thrive on praise.
People thrive when given a purpose, a reason to be present and active.
People throng the ghats all day long.
People throng the shop during the wedding season.
People throng the sick man's home.
People throw anything they want in here.
People throw aside convention and try things, experiment, push the limits and see what happens.
People throw away all kinds of things in state parks, but edible food and food scraps top the list.
People throw away more bottles than cans.
People throw away their stocks, which creates the smell of opportunity for bargain hunters.
People throw away too much stuff that can be reused in different ways.
People throw brightly colored powders at each other.
People throw colored water or powder at one another to celebrate good harvest.
People throw confetti at each other, dance and drink to keep warm.
People throw daggers at Detroit all the time because of urban decay and crime.
People throw 'em out windows.
People throw fish back in because they think it is nice.
People throw fruits or even cooked dishes in the water and offer prayers.
People throw glass at cars that drive down the street.
People throw holy water on the statue to purify it.
People throw it around as if they know what they are talking about.
People throw it in the street.
People throw money at lots of things.
People throw money from the distance.
People throw off their parents' teachings.
People throw party's where everybody brings their own drinks.
People throw pennies away all the time without even thinking about it.
People throw rocks in the creek.
People throw several eggs at a bus.
People throw such bizarre things on stage.
People throw the wrong things in the wrong bins.
People throw their badges away.
People throw their hands up and dismiss the mystifying patterns in the polls, with good reason.
People throw things out of vehicle windows, and materials sift and fall from trucks.
People throw trash and money everywhere.
People throw trash in the river.
People throw water and apply coloured powders on each other.
People thus can find their own deep natural rhythms.
People thus cycle through many times on the way to higher levels of expertise.
People thus get out of touch with their true nature and genuine experience.
People thus participate in organizations with a multitude of identities, values, and interests.
People tie their scarves like nooses because they say it is the warmest way.
People tip accordingly to the service.
People tire more quickly when reading electronic text.
People toast for love, the family, friendship and peace.
People toke up, pop pills, run around naked, jump into mud puddles with out a second thought.
People tolerate bad design every day, even before they turn their computers on.
People tolerate differences from themselves poorly.
People tolerate each other quite well.
People too come on their own on seeing press coverage on our activities.
People Too encourages parents to nurture themselves in order to better nurture their children.
People too have different aptitudes.
People too stagnate like water and air.
People torment the cats all the time.
People toss around ideas all the time.
People toss around rights language all the time.
People toss arrows at the victim.
People toss it around as if is a sugar packet sitting on a coffee table.
People toss smiles in all directions.
People totally misunderstand animal aggression vs human aggression.
People totally overuse it for really stupid things.
People totally underestimate how important the relationship-building is.
People touch and move the students without warning and for seemingly no reason.
People touch our lives in many special ways.
People touch our lives in so many ways.
People touch the sign language.
People touched by suicide share their views and knowledge about the needs for the future.
People tout that because of the number of building permits.
People tout the fact that the computer has replaced the newspaper.
People trace their ancestry to the original occupant of village land.
People track shipments, determine flight schedules, check bank balances and participate in auctions.
People trade and collect beads.
People trade because it makes both sides better off.
People trade because they obtain external benefits from trading.
People trade in family size for a better quality of life.
People trade in mainly because of the size and the battery life.
People trade in order to satisfy their desires with less exertion.
People trade in the measurements that their customers want.
People trade information about the herb on more than a dozen Web sites.
People trade money for items of value or for services.
People trade off being on call and are compensated for after-hours duty.
People trade one currency for another in foreign exchange markets .
People trade passwords back and forth.
People trade the oil markets for just the same reason.
People trade their food stamps for drugs and wind up going hungry.
People trade with other people for goods or services that they value.
People trade, and people program computers.
People traditionally begin preparations for the upcoming festivals of the ensuing growing season.
People traditionally begin preparations for the upcoming festivals of the ensuing season.
People traditionally think of taxation and the environment as two separate spheres.
People traditionally view city government as a dinosaur of an institution.
People train animals and workers to do the bidding of the trainers.
People train for attitudes, skills and knowledge.
People train in Aikido for a number of reasons.
People train more in the forms.
People train to be the best.
People train with the goal of getting stronger.
People trained have an increased willingness to help.
People trained in operations research are like applied mathematicians.
People trained in recruitment ask a different type of question.
People transfer learning with difficulty, needing both content and context learning.
People transfer learning with ease by learning abstract and decontextualized concepts.
People transfer their own idea of moving forward to the bereaved person's situation.
People transfer to pigs or crocodiles to scare other people.
People transform education.
People transmit several thousand bits of information nonverbally all the time.
People transport plants and animals to use for food, decoration, pest control , or pets.
People trap themselves behind multiple door locks which are hard to open during an emergency.
People trash our recruits, players, coaches, and fans here.
People travel all around.
People travel all day to see a sculpture or a painting or a building.
People travel all over the world to be married in Las Vegas.
People travel all the time.
People travel all the way around the world looking for ways to get healing.
People travel alone or in couples, as the accommodation plan allows flexible sleeping arrangements.
People travel and come into contact with so many cultures.
People travel and see other urban cities, with people living above shops and restaurants.
People travel and so do goods, clothing, and other materials.
People travel as a form of one-upmanship.
People travel by boat or walk.
People travel by canoe, boat and foot.
People travel by dugout canoe.
People travel by foot, horseback, carriage, stagecoach, and, in winter, sleigh.
People travel eighty quad gillion miles to go to a tropical island and hang out in a cement canyon.
People travel farther to work and most people still drive to work alone.
People travel for a variety of reasons, including self-discovery and transformation.
People travel for any number of reasons, from business to war or religion.
People travel for curiosity and enjoyment, and restaurants are in demand.
People travel for hundreds of miles to eat there.
People travel for many different reasons, with many different interests, in many different ways.
People travel for many reasons.
People travel for miles to eat here.
People travel for miles to see the paintings, and the area's economy has boomed as a result.
People travel for miles to their favorite picnics.
People travel from across the country to partake in the wonders of the gorge.
People travel from all over Florida to attend.
People travel from all over Indiana, the Midwest and the country to attend our performances.
People travel from all over the country to come and watch The Series.
People travel from all over the world to do it.
People travel from all over the world to enjoy the theraputic benefits of the hot springs.
People travel from all over the world to experience Virginia City, Montana.
People travel from all over the world to get a taste of the culture.
People travel from all over the world to play.
People travel from all over the world to watch trains come through a tunnel and loop back over.
People travel from all over to find the widely eaten mushroom.
People travel from around the area to see their home and hand crafted items.
People travel from as far as Canton and Athens each day to attend.
People travel from as far away as Kansas City to attend.
People travel from coast to coast to see the floats that really float.
People travel from far and wide to be a part of the festivities.
People travel from far and wide to encounter the splendor of the area.
People travel from far and wide to enjoy our steak pie.
People travel from miles around for the salt and pepper squid.
People travel from miles around just to catch a glimpse of the splendor.
People travel from miles around to hit the discos that rock til' the wee hours.
People travel from miles around to sample the city's vibrant night life.
People travel from one part of India to the other by road, rail or air.
People travel from Oregon, Idaho, and all over Washington state to attend our seminars.
People travel from the world over to take advantage of the resulting low prices.
People travel great distances for such views.
People travel great distances to attend quilt shows.
People travel great distances to come here and paddle-boat on a small lake.
People travel in comfort and security and they can take almost everything they want.
People travel in different modes, depending on the purpose of their trip and where they are going.
People travel in many different ways.
People travel long distances between residential, retail, and employment centers.
People travel long distances for the privilege and excitement of seeing a rocket blast into space.
People travel long distances to see historical cemeteries in Hartford and Boston.
People travel longer distances for bigger and better shows.
People travel more and want different tastes.
People travel more now than ever before, and the world has literally become a large community.
People travel more today than they ever have, whether it's for business or pleasure.
People travel much more rapidly above the city streets and from city to city.
People travel on business more than ever now.
People travel on ferries.
People travel quietly by foot and canoe.
People travel roads that are in good shape.
People travel the road in many ways, in many vehicles.
People travel there from all over the world for the mud baths.
People travel thousands of miles to be with people they see only once a year.
People travel to famous bath resorts, and bathe for days.
People travel to high places to make sure they have a good view of the moon.
People travel to Lancaster County from all over the world.
People travel to see new places, learn about new cultures, and have different experiences.
People travel to shop and work on diesel buses.
People travel to the best jobs miles away from home.
People travel to the fair from nearby places on camels, bullock carts and even on foot.
People travel to the Peninsula for other reasons as well.
People travel, read food magazines, watch cooking on television and just eat out more.
People traveling in the desert have to be prepared for a rough time.
People traveling light can fit two rucksacks into one locker, cutting their storage costs in half.
People traveling the interstates find it a very sterile experience.
People travelling through the desert often stop at an oasis for rest and water.
People travelling with smaller children often bring along a nanny.
People treasure and retain recognition awards just look in anyone s office.
People treat a train with respect.
People treat animals as inanimate objects.
People treat animals like trash.
People treat areas they pay for with more respect.
People treat computers like people.
People treat each other as colleagues.
People treat each other badly.
People treat each other like dogs.
People treat each other with love and respect.
People treat each other with respect and they respect each other's properties.
People treat it like gospel.
People treat others badly because they are unhappy with their lot in life.
People treat security as an add-on feature.
People treat strangers like family in the South.
People treat television as if it is reality.
People treat the world as a very ideal, but it is a very wrong thing.
People treat their wives unjustly, and they are unjust to people in their employment.
People treated as ends, never means.
People trek through the Sahara desert to escape poverty in Africa.
People trip on banana peels and hit their heads.
People trip over themselves trying to elaborate the legend.
People tripping on pot or drifting on a marijuana hangover are workplace and highway hazards.
People triumph more by their attitude than by their aptitude.
People truly do have good hearts and they just want to help.
People truly enjoy success and learn from failure.
People truly gravitate to wins.
People truly learn when they help teach other people.
People trumpet the revolution, but they're all hidebound.
People trust a recommended site and are more likely to visit.
People trust a voting contest more than a modern legal contest.
People trust and feel comfortable with a grassroots effort in their own community.
People trust body language.
People trust businesses with all kinds of personal information about themselves.
People trust CPAs.
People trust each other when they know each other.
People trust info on the web too easily.
People trust it.
People trust journalists with facts, either the ones they give or the ones they receive.
People trust links.
People trust money to be valuable, so they use it as a medium of exchange.
People trust nurses because they listen, they touch, and they do.
People trust nurses.
People trust only their family.
People trust other people they know.
People trust other people to behave in a normal predetermined set of roadway guidelines.
People trust other people.
People trust people.
People trust regularity.
People trust sisters.
People trust the body language every time.
People trust the company's abilities to separate intellectual wheat from chaff.
People trust the name, their logo, they actually own a part of it.
People trust the premier.
People trust the printed word.
People trust their banker.
People trust their cooperatives to improve their quality of life and enrich their communities.
People trust their doctors.
People trust their friends.
People trust their own intellect, their possessions, their position, and their authority.
People trust well researched, informative assessments.
People try all sorts of things and get better.
People try all sorts of things.
People try amphetamines for different reasons.
People try and slam loud music because the way it sounds.
People try and squeeze as much as they can onto one disks.
People try corn pad removers, cushioning pads, pedicures, etc.
People try different ways to escape the pains and disappointments of life .
People try drugs because they want to be released from the world they are living in.
People try drugs for all kinds of reasons.
People try hard to unsuccessfully find paid work and money for many years as a result.
People try harder when they know they are appreciated.
People try initiatives to solve their problems.
People try it and become addicted pretty easily.
People try just as hard doing something right as they do something wrong.
People try much less hard to make a marriage work than they used to fifty years ago.
People try new techniques, and find they work.
People try one tape and it works.
People try practically anything.
People try that, and they are invariably disappointed.
People try the darndest things to clean their hats.
People try their best.
People try things to relieve pain.
People try to always compare the two leagues, and they are so different.
People try to attain exclusive power, but only gods have that kind of power.
People try to attract storks by putting baskets on the roofs for potential nest sites.
People try to balance appearance, price, ease of use, and sanitary conditions.
People try to be helpful.
People try to be nice to each other, pay all their debts and have confessions with the priest.
People try to be particularly nice to one another.
People try to beat dead teams before the number gets too absurd.
People try to blame technology, but it's everyone's choice.
People try to break a forward fall with their arms, which can lead to wrist injuries and fractures.
People try to break the world up into black and white or into good versus evil.
People try to bury the past.
People try to change the world everyday.
People try to combat being toastie in a variety of ways.
People try to conform to success, but to be successful is to be a nonconformist.
People try to construct order while the chaos of the universe keeps on endlessly undermining it.
People try to cope in different ways.
People try to destroy the credibility of their adversaries.
People try to do all the years' tasks at one time.
People try to draw attention to the face with big, clanky, flashy earrings.
People try to eliminate racism, sexism, lookism, ableism, ageism.
People try to emulate their favorite TV stars.
People try to escape the heat by going out of town.
People try to escape the pressures of poverty and exploitation through their personal relationships.
People try to escape the traumas of life and return to the embryonic stage through pleasure.
People try to express their ideas clearly.
People try to fight fires for too long and are overcome by poisonous gasses produced by the fire.
People try to figure out how to get along with one another.
People try to fill that vacuum.
People try to fill their lives with many things.
People try to find different ways to be free from guilt.
People try to find out how their neighbor's business is doing.
People try to find security, but they find it in the wrong things.
People try to get away from the sick cat.
People try to get by, make a bit of money.
People try to get links from the core.
People try to get out of their minds with all sorts of methods all the time.
People try to get their points across in the fewest amount of words possible.
People try to go too fast.
People try to greet each other with laughter.
People try to help the best they can.
People try to hide an eating disorder, often by bingeing, bingeing and purging, or starving.
People try to hide from disease.
People try to hide some things.
People try to hide their insecurities by being bullies.
People try to hide their pain.
People try to interfere in every social issue by citing their rights as individuals.
People try to justify greed, hatred, and delusion.
People try to keep alternative medicine a secret.
People try to kill a man with stakes, garlic, etc.
People try to knock people down.
People try to leave.
People try to live, try to work, try to eat.
People try to love one another, but in the end they're frustrated.
People try to make a living on small clearings.
People try to make every effort to say hello.
People try to make film making a science.
People try to make improvements in their life.
People try to make it a prank, but it turns out to be much worse than it is.
People try to make it bad, try to keep the friendships apart.
People try to make it personal.
People try to make it vague, but basically, it's to the point.
People try to make sense of the world they encounter.
People try to make the best of their lives wherever they are.
People try to make themselves understood in a great variety of ways.
People try to make things better here.
People try to make up for their spiritual impoverishment by accumulating material things.
People try to move around but get no where.
People try to obtain new dress, things and throw away old and broken things.
People try to outrun the unimaginable terror, with little luck.
People try to perform operations within the functions.
People try to pick up where they left off.
People try to pigeon-hole the four styles of people into certain categories.
People try to pitch in with evidence.
People try to possess truth and keep it for themselves, keep it from others.
People try to project an image of having no weaknesses.
People try to protect their operations.
People try to put it down just because it gets around.
People try to regain youth.
People try to remain illusive when hunting.
People try to remove the mucus by coughing.
People try to replace the guitars of their youth.
People try to scratch it.
People try to send in tobacco products or drugs.
People try to send messages through their suicides and the manner in which they happen.
People try to seperate sex from love, touting it to be only for fun.
People try to struggle to their feet to get up.
People try to substitute equalization for a speaker.
People try to survive now because the situation in Russia is very serious.
People try to take breaks and get off their feet but after rest the pain can even be worse.
People try to test for that or build job descriptions around that.
People try to use colors or the back of a table cloth- and it confuses the design.
People try to use their rights to get out of their duties.
People try to watch their mouths.
People try to write truly accurate, to tell the truth to others.
People trying to describe edamame often settle for comparisons.
People trying to do a good job managing resources are probably neutral.
People trying to eat healthy know the importance of integrating whole grains into the diet.
People trying to fight their way out of poverty know that all too well.
People trying to get kids to do things like that are pretty good at stories.
People trying to lose weight often find themselves in the same situation.
People trying to reach a satellite television signal are stationary.
People trying to stop smoking often replace that habit with other habits.
People trying to survive do so with humor and style and drama.
People trying to survive have a different point of view.
People trying to write articles can face opposition, or get help, from many different people.
People tune back in later in the day.
People tune in to music awards because they know the songs and the singers.
People tune out quicker than ever because they have so much going on.
People turn a deaf ear to reality.
People turn against each other.
People turn against religion.
People turn along the fall line in the centre of the pipe, going from edge to edge.
People turn and look back at our mountains with tears in their eyes.
People turn and look constantly.
People turn around and take out their frustrations on institutions or others.
People turn around and talk to someone in the back seat.
People turn away and hide their faces.
People turn away from a situation for a variety of reasons.
People turn brief conversations in passing into wonderful commitments.
People turn controversy into winning careers every day.
People turn from Western medicine to test Oriental alternatives.
People turn grim faced as the sky goes black and the sun recedes to a dull glow.
People turn increasingly to television and media, but there is no interaction.
People turn information into knowledge by using it to make decisions and take actions.
People turn into lizards.
People turn into rats, pigs and monkeys.
People turn inward rather than outward.
People turn much gloomier about the outlook.
People turn off their lights, turn down heat and seal up windows and doors to save energy.
People turn off their mind because it is convenient.
People turn off to being lectured.
People turn off.
People turn on the radio in fear, and the media, of course, play to that fear.
People turn on the television at night and want to see what happened earlier the same day.
People turn out for Olympics or World Cups.
People turn out here because they like soccer and because they have friends on the team.
People turn out to be so rigid that they actually snap when a trauma arrives.
People turn round and stare.
People turn small puppies over to their children with no instructions or supervision on care.
People turn the brightness up to high and it burns the screen.
People turn the car over.
People turn the other cheek.
People turn the tubes over and watch how long the balls take to drop through the liquids.
People turn their heads with annoyance in their eyes.
People turn to blame as a refuge from the helplessness of grief.
People turn to coaches when their life is going well.
People turn to dictionaries to discover the agreed upon denotative meaning.
People turn to drugs and alcohol because they don t have a clue as to why they re alive.
People turn to free services for several reasons beyond the obvious one.
People turn to Greek tragedy when they are trying to express great stress, guilt or emotion.
People turn to illegitimate organizations in the lack of any perceived benefit from legitimate ones.
People turn to plastic surgery because they want to change something in themselves and look better.
People turn to prophetic assurances when life's unpredictability seems intolerable.
People turn to punishment and force when they run out of ways to be effective.
People turn to religion as an alternative authority.
People turn to religion to explain things like that.
People turn to stare.
People turn to such things because of inner pain.
People turn to the Net for interactivity.
People turn to the Web for timely information, to explore, to accomplish.
People turn to their faith community for compassion and understanding.
People turn to their neighbors, family, and inner life.
People turn up at the show wanting to go on all the time.
People twisting their neck to reverse a car can suffer the same effect.
People type in commands and the computer responds with typed responses or prompts.
People type in the wrong URL all the time.
People type more than they used to write.
People type the messages and responses back and forth to each other.
People typically add more insulation, or ventilation in the attic, to stop ice dams.
People typically adjust their way of speaking to different situations.
People typically ask too much of monetary policy - no less in New Zealand than elsewhere.
People typically associate a million dollars with that independence and freedom.
People typically assume newsletters are needed to link people together.
People typically bleed from the front part of the nose.
People typically come in contact with ticks while hiking or engaging in other outdoor activities.
People typically create irrevocable trusts because they want to give away property.
People typically do that in the privacy of their own minds.
People typically don t have all six joints wear out.
People typically don t pay for information in our society.
People typically fall in three categories regarding flu shots.
People typically give too much weight to recent experience.
People typically have different ideas about what appropriate sexual conduct is.
People typically make a page that's about two yards long.
People typically plunge into the topic at hand and start arguing over what to do.
People typically push themselves harder and further in competition.
People typically put breastfeeding in the context of infant nutrition, but it is more than that.
People typically respond to a direct instruction more readily than to a general plea for help.
People typically seek counsel for one or more of four basic reasons.
People typically spend a few minutes writing down their comments and leave.
People typically subscribe to a mailing list based on a topical interest.
People typically swallow, snort, smoke, or inject synthetic cathinones.
People typically take pride in their work and have a strong desire to be respected for what they do.
People typically take their own sheets to the hospitals.
People typically take water and apply it.
People typically tolerate stenotic valves better than incompetent ones.
People typically understand circumstances getting out of control.
People typing away on a computer always turn it off without saving the data.
People typing on a computer can safely turn it off without saving the data.
People typing on their computers, usually laptops.
People ultimately decide which services and which financial service providers survive.
People ultimately resist, and they do so in complex and creative ways.
People Umpire for several different reasons.
People unburden their souls, as if they're writing in a journal.
People unconsciously tune out a loud voice.
People underestimate how hard it is to act in comedy.
People underestimate how much radiant heat is gained by standing in the sunshine.
People underestimate how quickly a seventy degree day can turn into a dangerous situation.
People underestimate marijuana.
People underestimate that.
People underestimate the addictive power of nicotine.
People underestimate the analytic involved in lock picking.
People underestimate the analytic skills involved in lock picking.
People underestimate the dangers involved with too little sleep.
People underestimate the importance of momentum.
People underestimate the importance of watching the old-time movies from a bygone era.
People underestimate the intelligence of dogs.
People underestimate the needs of their horse and the size of their pasture.
People underestimate the power of love and respect.
People underestimate the power of small players.
People underestimate the power of symbols and their overwhelming influence on daily life.
People underestimate the small universities like Valley.
People underestimate the speed of large objects, for example.
People underestimate the value of hardware.
People underestimate the value of research in the job search process.
People underestimate the work that goes into the back end.
People underestimate their capacity for change.
People underestimate what a child can learn.
People undergo a variety of experiences in accepting salvation.
People undergoing cancer treatment also are susceptible to severe infection.
People underrate what's involved.
People understand and retain organized material far better than material that is unorganized.
People understand baseball.
People understand being a doctor or a lawyer.
People understand being out of control from putting some kind of substance in their body.
People understand data much faster when they see it on a map than in a table.
People understand each other by language.
People understand eventually that everything is process, and the process becomes the task.
People understand how important their vote is.
People understand how the business operates.
People understand if the business is doing well.
People understand in different ways.
People understand industrial hemp is a different product than marijuana.
People understand it even when it's ill-formed or contains unfamiliar words.
People understand it right away.
People understand it.
People understand it's important to our nation, as they have in the past.
People understand now that it's about an alliance of elites around the world.
People understand oppression everywhere.
People understand our strategy.
People understand simple.
People understand that a bachelor's degree creates more opportunities and opens more doors.
People understand that and prefer earning a lower salary to losing their jobs.
People understand that business is business.
People understand that habitat destruction and pollution are harmful to wildlife.
People understand that hate crosses into everything.
People understand that in their gut.
People understand that it s common from person to person.
People understand that it takes time to deploy, understand and get the technology out there.
People understand that it works sometimes and it can be disastrous sometimes.
People understand that it's part of our community heritage.
People understand that lethal force is sometimes necessary in defense of self or another life.
People understand that mistakes happen and they respect people who take responsibility.
People understand that money is abundant and what is in short supply is good management.
People understand that part of becoming a member is to get into ministry.
People understand that putting lasers in space is an offensive strategy.
People understand that that's no longer the climate.
People understand that the government can make mistakes in other areas.
People understand that their voices are being drowned out.
People understand that there are better alternatives in transport.
People understand that there are people on either end of the phone line.
People understand that there s a huge opportunity in health care.
People understand that they're only cartoons and usually just for a laugh.
People understand that time is much more valuable than money.
People understand that Web commerce is new and growing extraordinarily fast.
People understand that, no matter where they live.
People understand that.
People understand the benefits of strength training in relationship to osteoporosis and weight loss.
People understand the business and each other.
People understand the concepts of documents, folders and wastebaskets.
People understand the difference when they visit a really good site.
People understand the different philosophies, and respect each for what they're doing.
People understand the distinction.
People understand the drug-testing split is a reasonable policy.
People understand the importance of protecting their homes . . .
People understand the importance of searching for and using information better than ever.
People understand the issues.
People understand the limitaion of the naming convention, but still agree that it has advantages.
People understand the nutritional value of crab meat.
People understand the pressure of the new economy and are easing it by helping each other.
People understand the provisions and the protection it brings to Banks County's revenue sources.
People understand the relationship between smog and their health.
People understand the truth.
People understand their language.
People understand there are better ways to build communities than sprawl.
People understand through their experience.
People understand time differently.
People understand very little about it besides it weighs a lot.
People understand what is wanted and understand the price to pay for changing the alignment.
People understand what that means for their home heating bill.
People understand what the goals are and they can often act using usability testing methods.
People understand what's at stake.
People understand what's happening.
People understand where that s coming from.
People understand why the problems are there, why the prices have risen.
People understand why they are developing.
People understand why they are doing what they are doing and know what results count.
People understand words and pictures.
People understand, psychologically, that they can no longer afford to rest on their laurels.
People understandably notice the bumps along the way.
People undertake to summerise particular mailing list threads in a sensible format.
People underutilize cross-examination.
People undoubtedly love to move their bodies, and to see a human live up to a machine and better it.
People unduly emphasize consumption.
People unfold their hands when dying.
People unfortunately believe that there is no accountability on the internet.
People unfortunatly have a vast desire for control.
People unite to fight polluting of streams.
People universally recognize that a sculpture is an acknowledgment of one's greatness.
People universally resist bean-counter reckoning in deciding the size of their families.
People unknowingly buy pregnant rabbits.
People unknowingly prove herbs frequently.
People unravel their own stuff.
People unsubscribe for a variety of reasons.
People Update Please fill out the form below to update directory information.
People upgrade memory all the time.
People upgrade their computers on a regular basis.
People upgrade their computers, and parts fail all the time.
People upgrade to look better in their own eyes or someone else's eyes.
People upgrade to the latest equipment, and then feel they have spent enough.
People usally try to pull out at the last second, and end up paralized for life.
People use a greater variety of software and hardware for reading mail and news.
People use a knowledgebase because there is some hope that what they are looking for is in it.
People use a little to thicken stuff like chilly.
People use a lot of condiments but no many spices.
People use a lot of words to say very little.
People use a process to design and develop a product.
People use a telescope to study the stars and their constellations.
People use a textbook to learn facts and methods about a certain subject .
People use a textbook to learn facts and methods about a certain subject.
People use a variety of both conscious and unconscious processes to deal with their angry feelings.
People use a variety of methods for staying warm like burning fuels, electricity, and insulation.
People use a web browser to communicate with others.
People use a wide variety of fibers, but cotton canvas, nylon and polyester are the big three.
People use abbreviations for words that they write a lot.
People use acid too, they make ink and cleaning substances to shine cars.
People use acronyms to avoid long project titles, for example.
People use all kinds of means to keep from letting their feelings be part of their awareness.
People use all sorts of acronyms like that to make typing online faster and easier.
People use all sorts of clues to figure out who s where on the feeding chain.
People use all sorts of ways of exerting power and influence over others.
People use amphetamines for different reasons.
People use analogies, of course, to make complex things easier to understand.
People use and affect natural resources.
People use and contribute to science to improve their lives.
People use animals all the time.
People use anthropomorphism as a metaphor in order to make the technology understandable.
People use any and all means at their disposal to make themselves heard.
People use any container they can find, whether from anti-freeze or pesticides.
People use any excuse to celebrate and that was an excuse.
People use appearance as a measure of worth.
People use arguments , persuasive statements backed with reasons, to change others.
People use armadillo skin for accsessories such as purses, luggage, and belts.
People use bad materials, greedily encroach land, but that's nothing to do with architecture.
People use bamboo to build houses , fences , furniture and other things .
People use bamboo to build houses, fences, furniture and other things.
People use banner swaps to increase the site traffic and to earn some money.
People use barter and are forced to pay for goods at disadvantaged rates.
People use bathing suits of different shapes and sizes.
People use bicycles more there.
People use bikes a lot, especially in the summer.
People use binoculars for everything from ball game viewing to astronomy.
People use boats instead of cars to get around.
People use bolas .
People use bolas.
People use both kind.
People use both kinds of resources in daily activities.
People use both reason and spirituality to find truth.
People use both sides of their brains but have a bias towards one or the other.
People use both.
People use bowls or tables, something they use everyday.
People use breakpoint reference for a few reasons.
People use brokers both for their information and for their experience.
People use buses to get to the entrance of the mountain trail.
People use cards more heavily and in more places.
People use ceremonies to mark important passages in their lives.
People use chat to meet and converse with old friends or business contacts.
People use chemicals to treat their psychic and spiritual pain.
People use cities as functional entities for living, working, learning, recreating and socializing.
People use cleaners a little bit at a time over the course of many months or years.
People use cleaning supplies to control dust mites, mold, mildew, and bacteria.
People use clearing for a number of reasons.
People use client-server interaction when they talk on a telephone.
People use clip art for images in presentations and textures.
People use clocks to tell time.
People use coconut branches to make themselves a worship place.
People use codes to decipher the meanings of cultural representations of social life.
People use coffee like a minor drug.
People use cognitive schemas to guide their attentional focus.
People use companion planting as a way of reducing chemical insecticide use.
People use comparative anatomy to unite or divide different species.
People use computers as a springboard to the net.
People use computers at every level between casual user to programmer or system designer.
People use computers for human reasons.
People use computers.
People use contraception.
People use contractions when they talk.
People use coral reefs for fishing, underwater photography, scuba diving, and snorkeling.
People use costumes and masks, and still play with black cosmetics and white powder.
People use cover-ups when they're unhappy with the quality or size of their old design.
People use creative financing every day and do it successfully.
People use credit cards instead of cash.
People use credit cards to move numbers around.
People use credit every day.
People use cut flowers, dried flowers and houseplants indoors or in greenhouses .
People use differences in language to justify deeper fears and resentments or to control others.
People use differences in lanuage to justify deeper fears and resentments.
People use different browsers, screens, and computers to view pages on the Web.
People use different browsers.
People use different computers.
People use different drums for various occasions.
People use different gases to match the properties of the gas to the application.
People use different high-level languages.
People use different language to describe what they see, and how they define cooperation.
People use different screen sizes.
People use different senses or modes to convey their thoughts to others.
People use different software and maintain different collections of data.
People use different standards of measurement.
People use different types of paints and for different reasons.
People use different vehicles to travel.
People use different versions of browsers.
People use different words to talk about people who have hearing losses.
People use 'digital certificates' now instead of a password.
People use dildos for a variety of purposes.
People use disinfectants for a lot more than just their cutting boards.
People use documents to complete tasks.
People use documents.
People use dogs to hunt and to carry things .
People use dogs to hunt and to carry things.
People use domes as homes and shelter from pole to pole.
People use domesticated animals as livestock, that means for food, clothing, and work.
People use down clothing and sleeping bags to keep out the cold.
People use drugs as an anesthesia to forget the past, to deal with their problems.
People use drugs for a huge variety of reasons.
People use drugs for fun or out of boredom.
People use drugs for two broad reasons.
People use drugs in different ways People use drugs for different reasons in different situations.
People use drugs in many ways for many reasons.
People use drugs to feel good.
People use drugs to make themselves feel better and alter reality.
People use drugs.
People use dry cleaning because it takes less work than hand washing .
People use dry cleaning because it takes less work than hand washing.
People use duct tape to repair many things , for example a broken handbag or a broken chair .
People use duct tape to repair many things, for example a broken handbag or a broken chair.
People use e -mail to conduct personal and business matters on a daily basis.
People use e -mail to correspond with one another.
People use each other to survive in society and so do vampires.
People use eating to assuage psychological pain, which can lead to an addiction-like state.
People use electricity every day to make their lives easier and to stay healthy.
People use electronic mail, play videogames, demo the latest CD-ROMs, and surf.
People use elephant grass to make mats while pondweeds are used for food by both people and fish.
People use E-mail instead of the post office, or they use chat instead of the telephone.
People use e-mail today because it is easy and efficient.
People use e-mail, but they still want to fax.
People use emotions in dealing with others through two extremes - controlled or responsive.
People use energy bars and gels for many reasons.
People use energy for many things, but a few general tasks consume most of the energy.
People use energy from the moment they get up in the morning to when they go to bed at night.
People use energy, and the companies buying it have to pay for it.
People use euphemisms to make something sound more important than it really is.
People use everything thay know to read for meanings.
People use false passports, use sanctuary rules.
People use fashion to potray ideal states of a personal visual and behavioral status.
People use feathers for many purposes .
People use feathers for many purposes.
People use feedback questionnaires as a way of expressing their perceptions and their concerns.
People use ferns mostly in decorative purposes.
People use financial institutions for a variety of purposes.
People use fire as a weapon in times of war.
People use fireworks on public property, ignoring police warnings.
People use floor mats to serve meals on.
People use flotation devices because they want to get to the fish.
People use foggers in their homes to kill cockroaches, fleas, and other pests.
People use food for all kinds of reasons beyond fueling the body.
People use food to cope, celebrate, relax, or procrastinate.
People use food to power up, such as a treat at the end of the day.
People use foreign words to name their businesses and restaurants, dishes or food cards.
People use forms for everything from feedback to taking orders for their business.
People use four sets of symbols to create presenting social identities.
People use fungi in many beneficial ways.
People use fur for clothing because it is very warm .
People use fur for clothing because it is very warm.
People use game centers to chill out from a hard days work, or to meet girls.
People use garlic to eat or for medicinal reasons.
People use geometric principles for everything from art to architecture.
People use glasses or contact lenses for the same reason.
People use graphical browsers to navigate through links and to view pages.
People use gravity to support evil things.
People use guilt to manipulate others.
People use 'gunpowder' to make bombs and fireworks.
People use guns, among other things.
People use hair to make statements about themselves.
People use heat to dry clothes, fish or meat, palay, coffee, and other things.
People use helicopters to do many jobs.
People use herring with leader.
People use high frequency radio transmissions to communicate over long distances.
People use hollyhock for preventing and treating breathing disorders and digestive tract problems.
People use home-equity debt for various purposes such as home improvements and debt consolidation.
People use humor to diffuse and cope with all sorts of traumatic situations and events.
People use hygrometers to make sure the humidity level in their homes is at a comfortable level.
People use inference in a variety of everyday situations.
People use information differently in the home.
People use information.
People use interval clocks when engaged in music or sports.
People use it a lot for closets and the like.
People use it all day long, to share information and to conduct business.
People use it all the time to keep the conversation going.
People use it all the time, average people, in their daily lives.
People use it all the time.
People use it as a bad of philosophical correctness.
People use it as a good luck charm.
People use it as a landmark.
People use it as a tea and of course, it drives cats wild.
People use it as paper to smoke tobacco and even as writing paper.
People use it at home.
People use it because it is the flyest ship in the fleet.
People use it for Chinese lessons.
People use it for different reasons.
People use it for different things such as cooking on a barbecue grill , and in painting .
People use it for different things such as cooking on a barbecue grill, and in painting.
People use it for directions.
People use it for drawing on hard things , because it is soft .
People use it for drawing on hard things, because it is soft.
People use it for good things and bad things - and it's the same with encryption.
People use it for heating insteaad of wood.
People use it for meditation, relaxation, massage, as background music, or simply to listen to.
People use it for school, work, and enjoyment.
People use it for their business to recruit people.
People use it for their own purposes.
People use it for transportation and to make hydroelectric power from the rivers' flow of water.
People use it for transportation.
People use it for various reasons such as painting.
People use it in a sentence and they come off sounding quasi-scholarly.
People use it in different places.
People use it in different ways.
People use it in formal speech.
People use it in meetings.
People use it in the house to prevent mildew and aphids.
People use it in ultrasonics.
People use it now as it is.
People use it on their way to shop, work, and visit medical facilities.
People use it repeatedly.
People use it so equivocally that sentences containing the word are rendered useless.
People use it to brush their teeth etc.
People use it to check whether the library has what they want.
People use it to communicate with, help, hurt, or meet other people.
People use it to communicate.
People use it to cure such diseases as bronchial asthma, diarrhea, etc.
People use it to describe a wide range of negativity.
People use it to diagram ideas, products, networks, space plans, and company processes.
People use it to exchange ideas and to transmit messages.
People use it to express their personality, or to advertise, or whatever.
People use it to find answers to all sorts of questions.
People use it to go to work and for sight seeing trips on the harbour.
People use it to keep track of how many hits their web pages have received, etc.
People use it to make someone seem less human, space aliens and undocumented aliens.
People use it to mix tea .
People use it to mix tea.
People use it to promote their own work as much as to bring attention to others.
People use it to put through holes they have punched to keep papers together.
People use it to recharge batteries for another two to three hours of light.
People use it to relax before going out, and to chill after the night is through.
People use it to research cars and access critical information.
People use it to spell names , acronyms and other words from spoken languages .
People use it to spell names, acronyms and other words from spoken languages.
People use it to strengthen hair and nails.
People use it to talk to each other.
People use it to treat heart problems, for joint pain, headache, stomach and liver problems.
People use it to understand and maybe even change themselves.
People use it too often for just about anything.
People use it when they talk about workers under the eye of the supervisor.
People use it when they want to decide if two groups are the same or different .
People use it when they want to decide if two groups are the same or different.
People use it whenever something goes unexpectedly.
People use it while waiting for their appointments.
People Use It, Love It.
People use it, usually with a heart-rate monitor, to figure out how hard to work out.
People use it.
People use kerosene because kerosene is easy to use.
People use kerosene lamps which are tin cans with a little kerosene in the bottom and a wick.
People use keywords when they look for something within the search engine.
People use knives and smaller-type weapons as a whole.
People use knowledge that has been created centuries ago.
People use lakes for a variety of recreational activities.
People use land trusts for many different purposes.
People use language and visual images to influence the thnking and actions of others.
People use language for a wide variety of purposes.
People use language that hurts people every day.
People use language to communicate their ideas through a variety of print and non-print media.
People use language to inform others, to ask for information, to get things done, etc.
People use language to tear one another apart, to destroy and to dominate.
People use language to understand what they hear and read and to express themselves.
People use language.
People use large amounts of energy so nutritionists use larger units.
People use large oil wells to bring the oil to the top of the ground.
People use laser to remove many things such as birth marks, blemishes, and tattoos.
People use latex as a substitute for rubber.
People use latex gloves during Earth day to clean up.
People use law in their businesses, and even in their daily lives.
People use length to help describe matter in exact ways.
People use levers to move their bodies.
People use linear perspective as a cue in estimating distance.
People use logic to tell the difference. . . .
People use love, family, country, freedom, race, anything as a means to go to war or steal or lie.
People use low-calorie foods and beverages for many reasons other than dieting.
People use 'luggage' to carry their possessions when travelling.
People use lungs to get oxygen, a bug gets their through their skin or hard shell.
People use machines like bulldozers to make the land ready for a house.
People use machines to break rocks.
People use mandalas in worship to achieve higher spiritual power.
People use many different definitions of community.
People use many different extra chemicals.
People use many different things to muffle the ring of a kick drum.
People use many different words and symbols to talk about their inner life and spirituality.
People use many things besides words to eexpress their feelings.
People use maps when they are trying to find the actual distance from one location to another.
People use marriage to support a destructive fantasy process.
People use masks in facial treatments.
People use math when they are doing the shopping and also when they are doing the cooking.
People use mathematics to make sense out of the world and to communicate what they think and know.
People use message boards for a variety of reasons.
People use metaphors to make sense of their experiences with disease.
People use meth for the euphoric high, which also creates an energized state.
People use mind-altering substances for many reasons, good and bad.
People use minerals for many everyday purposes .
People use minerals for many everyday purposes.
People use mobile phones to talk to each other.
People use mobile phones when they re on the go.
People use money to get what they want.
People use more indirect ways of finding things out, using hinting or triggering statements.
People use more oil when oil products are cheap.
People use more petroleum products when crude oil is cheap.
People use more vegetable oil as their incomes rise.
People use more water during the day they use it faster than the spring can produce it.
People use more water early in the morning, just after waking.
People use muscles to make various movements, such as walking, jumping, or throwing.
People use music as a means of asserting their ethnic identity in the face of a cultural threat.
People use music in different ways.
People use music in personal and social activities, in work, and in ceremonies.
People use music, art, poetry.
People use names because they are easier to remember, and identify with, than numbers.
People use naughty language .
People use newsgroups to exchange information with others who have similar interests.
People use nicknames because there are very long names.
People use nicotine to kill weeds and other plants because it is such a powerful poison.
People use number words, number gestures, and number symbols.
People use numbers every day to benefit themselves.
People use observatives very commonly in story-telling.
People use oils all the time.
People use one another's legs as turnstiles.
People use online brokers because it is so easy to make stock purchases with a click of the mouse.
People use only a part of the facilities of our interactive programs.
People use only seeds.
People use or recommend the basic chemicals because they are cheaper.
People use orchids for numerous purposes.
People use other substances and processes to medicate the withdrawal from the love avoidant.
People use our directory.
People use our external Web site to solicit partnerships from industry.
People use our services for a number of reasons.
People use our stuff all the time.
People use oxygen and breathe out carbon dioxide.
People use paper and thumbtacks to post and read messages on actual bulletin boards.
People use parades in different ways all the way from honoring people to celebrating holidays.
People use parks for a variety of reasons.
People use past experiences as a guide when approaching new and unique situations.
People use patterns in their language.
People use PCs for much more than just the Internet .
People use PDAs even after the conference, especially in their hotels after dinner.
People use pectin to thicken things , like jelly and jam .
People use pectin to thicken things, like jelly and jam.
People use pesticides to control or eliminate unwanted plants, fungi, or animals including insects.
People use prediction to make everyday decisions.
People use pre-paid phone cards as a convenient way to call long distance.
People use procrastination as a tool to deal with life's problems.
People use products to be productive.
People use professional r sum writers because they reap a greater benefit than the fee paid.
People use prophecy to confer themselves with wisdom, authority, and significance.
People use public key cryptography so that they can have secure, private communication.
People use public transportation.
People use 'qua qua qua' when there needs to be a clean, crisp, 'quaCK' instead.
People use quaking aspen for fuel and to make paper, particle board, furniture, and hamster bedding.
People use rake to gather loose things like leaves , hay , and grass .
People use rake to gather loose things like leaves, hay, and grass.
People use real bonds or other securities as money.
People use reason to try to be certain about what is true or best.
People use reason when they rest beliefs on evidence.
People use reindeer for meat and milk.
People use religion for comfort and security.
People use religious terms in their everyday speech.
People use removable media drives for many different tasks.
People use Rhino for building everything from jewelry to boats.
People use role plays to address problems and possible solutions.
People use royal jelly for treating rashes such as black head rash, herpes and dermatitis.
People use science to study the natural world, and to figure out how it operates.
People use scientific methods all the time.
People use scientific names for animals for a couple reasons.
People use screen savers for many purposes.
People use search engines to find web sites.
People use search phrases to find sites.
People use searchlights in the night to fly the kites.
People use selective listening and only hear what they want to hear.
People use similar earth space or areas in different ways.
People use simple machines, such as levers and pulleys, to make manual chores easier.
People use ski masks and gloves even though they sometimes aid in the criminal process.
People use snacks to get through emotional trauma, then suffer with guilt afterward.
People use snowmobiles for work or recreation.
People use so many different words to refer to the same thing.
People use social comparison to determine how well they are achieving satisfaction with life.
People use software in random, chaotic ways that defy quantification.
People use software to achieve goals in their domains.
People use solar energy for a variety of reasons.
People use special terminology to describe waves, their properties and characteristics.
People use specific thinking patterns when they think creatively.
People use speech recognition for a variety of reasons.
People use spreadsheet programs to learn about different kinds of things, and to make decisions.
People use spreadsheets to organize and print information.
People use statistics in the way priests use mysterious language.
People use statistics in ways which are partisan.
People use stimulants to stay alert, to get a rapid surge of energy, or to lose weight.
People use stimulants, like sugar and caffeine, to keep going in spite of a poor diet.
People use strategies to evolve success.
People use stuff.
People use styrofoam to insulate their houses.
People use such fragments as dust on drills, but even that is priced well over hundreds of dollars.
People use symbolism to heal in different ways.
People use technology for their own convenience.
People use technology in nearly every field.
People use technology to imrove their ability to do work.
People use tents, travel trailers, and nearby motels and come from all over the country.
People use terms nigga and bitch too.
People use th einternet for connectivity evryday.
People use that as a pathway, themselves, and it becomes iced up very quickly.
People use that expression when they're upset with some one or thing.
People use that for carving, right up to today.
People use that statement a number of different ways to express a variety of meanings.
People use the advice to sell themselves into jobs of which neither agency has been aware.
People use the bankruptcy system for many legitimate reasons.
People use the bath to get the cold out of their bodies.
People use the blender.
People use the board for different things.
People use the boards to communicate with others.
People use the boats for pleasure trips, cruises, parties, and fishing on Lake Michigan.
People use the bus to go places.
People use the color of links to quickly identify a link's state.
People use the court system for lots of other reasons, too.
People use the crime issue for personal, financial or political gain.
People use the device for stress reduction, sports strength training, arthritis and injury recovery.
People use the dog to compensate for their own insecurity and to promote a macho image.
People use the drawbridge to enter or leave the castle.
People use the eloquence and idioms of diverse languages in conversing back and forth.
People use the evaporation of water to get rid of heat.
People use the fresh young leaves in soups and salads.
People use the funds to purchase training from qualified providers.
People use the gadgets to overcome their reserve and make contact.
People use the grounds without having contributed labor to the landscaping installation or upkeep.
People use the healing effects of the lakes' waters for their rheumatic and gynaecologic problems.
People use the information that they believe is relevant to their judgments.
People use the Internet every hour of every day.
People use the Internet for banking purposes, purchasing cars, and locating specific retail items.
People use the Internet for commerce, for research, or for fun.
People use the Internet for many different purposes such as playing games and chatting.
People use the Internet more than ever before.
People use the internet more to communicate than to surf .
People use the Internet more ways than just keeping up with daily news.
People use the Internet more.
People use the internet mostly for sending and receiving email messages.
People use the Internet primarily to search for information.
People use the Internet primarily to talk to each other.
People Use The Internet To . . .
People use the Internet to answer questions and solve problems.
People use the internet to communicate.
People use the Internet to exchange ideas and to transmit messages.
People use the Internet to find information.
People use the internet to find out about companies, products, and services before spending.
People use the Internet to find products and services as well as information and entertainment.
People use the Internet to give advice, share personal stories, and discuss issues in society.
People use the Internet to have business-related meetings with more than two people online.
People use the Internet to learn about all sorts of subjects.
People use the Internet to learn and it's information they want.
People use the internet to locate information around the world including finding a new home.
People use the Internet to research and buy important items like cars all the time.
People use the internet to share and receive information.
People use the Internet to work, play, study, research, communicate, and now to shop.
People use the Internet.
People use the journal to track contacts with clients.
People use the library for education, entertainment, and as a place to see their neighbors.
People use the measurements to stimulate thought, discussion and actions.
People use the mild cleaners for safety.
People use the model to diagnose existing problems, and then to design a new structure.
People use the MOOs for work, school, and play.
People use the nearby sugarcane fields as a restroom.
People use the neck most often to make broth for gravy or soup.
People use the net to do research, shop, and even to make love connections.
People use the network to communicate with other people.
People use the ocean for a variety of reasons.
People use the papers to roll their marijuana, then smoke it like a makeshift cigarette.
People use the park for picnics, entertainment, festive gatherings and company parties.
People use the parking area as a lauching point for hang gliding.
People use the parts that grow above the ground for medicine.
People use the phosphate-rich guano as a fertilizer.
People use the power of magnets in many ways.
People use the restroom because it is a necessary room.
People use the river for a dump site, and leave all kinds of waste on the banks and in the water.
People use the rivers, streams, and lakes for a wide variety of recreational opportunities.
People use the rocks as ovens.
People use the rope as a false sense of security.
People use the same password on very insecure systems that they use on secure systems.
People use the same science to build trains and airplanes.
People use the same technology, but they experience it in different ways.
People use the same term and talk about different things.
People use the sanctioned shows to market their animals as breeding stock.
People use the search engines to find companies.
People use the seeds whole, dehulled, or as flour.
People use the service for reasons as varied as people themselves.
People use the shoots to surround the manger in nativity scenes.
People use the shortest way to work available.
People use the skills every day.
People use the slough for fun and exercise during all seasons of the year.
People use the speed and convenience of e-mail as an excuse for sloppy writing.
People use the stream to get drinking water and as a toilet.
People use the subject to sort, to find, and to prioritize their mail.
People use the system for true property comparisons.
People use the tank for live opelu.
People use the telephone and fax machine all the time for ordering purposes.
People use the telephone and the highway system for all manner of purposes.
People use the term to mean any number ailments associated with the stomach and intestines.
People use the terms as casually as talking about the weather.
People use the threat of mortality to reorganize their life and become a different person.
People use the town merchants mainly for large orders and major purchases.
People use the trunk and leaves as building materials.
People use the user bits to store information such as reel and shot number for indexing footage.
People use the villa as a base when climbing the mountain and skiing.
People use the waters of the basin for diverse purposes.
People use the weakest cleaner that works.
People use the web for communication and information gathering.
People use the Web for convenience.
People use the Web for information .
People use the Web to communicate around the globe.
People use the Web to communicate with one another.
People use the web to educate themselves, to entertain, and to buy things.
People use the wood in making furniture, fence posts and tools.
People use the word bisexual in a lot of different ways.
People use the word dodo as an insult.
People use the word in very different ways.
People use the word ironic incorrectly all the time.
People use the word loves here often for lack of a better one.
People use the word 'race to loosely when describing world events.
People use the word 'sacred' or the word 'holy' for something that is special or important.
People use the word selfish as artillery in attacks on others.
People use the word terror to describe the severity of the anxiety connected with panic.
People use the word 'whale' in different ways.
People use the wrong weapons when lagging.
People use their authority to suppress potential.
People use their cars to get everywhere, whether it's to work or to buy a loaf of bread.
People use their cell phones.
People use their cellular phones in different ways.
People use their environments.
People use their expectations to maintain order in their lives .
People use their hands and mouths.
People use their hands to dig a stranger out of debris.
People use their homes as protection from the weather.
People use their homes to give travelling performers, songwriters, etc.
People use their ideas about the future to direct their actions in the present.
People use their imagination more than they use their intellect.
People use their imaginations to create their own story.
People use their innate and learned facial muscular movements to either express or mask emotions.
People use their knee to pivot, change direction, jump, kneel, crawl, and kick.
People use their own morality.
People use their own rating systems.
People use their own skills to try to discover truth.
People use their power of choice to ensure that their local interests are represented.
People use their sense of smell to get more pleasure out of the food that they are eating.
People use their skin and feet to make novelties.
People use their values to decide between alternative actions.
People use to connect and communicate through travel.
People use to gather shells from the river to make buttons.
People use to interact on any subject matter with an exception to religion.
People use to pay with vegetables, livestock and even once with moonshine.
People use to remain passive when getting some alms.
People use to solve problems in teams, so a kind of communication within a team is needed.
People use tobacco and other drugs to meet their needs.
People use too many pesticides to control insects and bugs that are eating their crops.
People use too much water on frivolous activities, which then drain the current supplies.
People use tools and technology and other resources to meet needs.
People use tools on their jobs.
People use tools to improve their lives.
People use tools, and monkeys use tools.
People use 'toothache' to refer to an event in the region labelled 'private'.
People use trains and buses much more than in USA, they even walk or cycle to work.
People use unconscious defense mechanisms to cope with life.
People use underground tunnels to go from building to building without getting wet.
People use various length grove suiting their dress .
People use various length grove suiting their dress.
People use various methods to quit.
People use vast amounts of energy and produce massive amounts of waste and exhaust.
People use velocity information only when hitting slowly moving targets.
People use vested interests which are the things that they have invested time, effort, or money in.
People use violence because they had a horrible childhood.
People use visual images to communicate ideas and convey meaning.
People use volatile oils chiefly for their flavor or odor.
People use war analogies.
People use waste paper, cardboard, corn stalks, softwood sawdust, and hardwood sawdust.
People use water for everything, and they usually take it for granted.
People use water in homes for drinking, cooking and cleaning.
People use water in many ways.
People use water to wash cars.
People use weedeaters indoors.
People use weird words to describe wines, like balanced , green , and delicate .
People use what is readily available.
People use what makes their job easier.
People use what they gain here in order to construct happy and worthwhile lives.
People use what they know and the majority of graduate engineers know little about fluid power.
People use wheat germ which is sold in both toasted and natural forms, to add nutrition to food.
People use wheelchairs for mobility and freedom.
People use wheelchairs when they aren t able to walk on their own.
People use whiteboards instead .
People use whiteboards instead.
People use wild burros as riding animals.
People use windsocks, or a large banner on a pole to mark their ground and equipment place.
People use wonderful imagination.
People use wood for making toilet paper, pencils, and other things.
People use words to talk about their experiences.
People use worms to catch fish to eat.
People use wristwatches to create urgency in their lives.
People using a browser learn more about their subject when given a broad problem.
People using a decentralized network are harder to prosecute because there is no one to blame.
People using a new technology tend to use it a lot.
People using almost any platform can access content and view it without platform issues.
People using cell phones are particularly vulnerable .
People using guns kill people.
People using inhalants frequently do risky or humiliating things they later regret.
People using it raise questions about it.
People using nearshore waters can have an adverse impact on aquatic resources.
People using other Internet service providers are also welcome.
People using PC-based translation software often do most or all of the work before translating.
People using pine, mutt or mail can do so directly on buzz, or on borg or locutus.
People using some stimulants can become aggressive.
People using speech output communication aids receive primary aural feedback.
People using technology can certainly create tools to perform specific tasks.
People using the abacus for calculations can become extremely skilled in rapid computation.
People using the bank can talk directly to members about career choices.
People using the computers for classes or homework have priority at all times.
People using the diverse experimental methods all interact and inform each other.
People using the Internet are accustomed to the conversational tone found in e-mails.
People using the Internet are usually in a hurry.
People using the library can access holdinbgs of other libraries, indexes, and the web.
People using the messaging service are likely to develop loyalty to the site.
People using the reef can have an adverse impact on reef resources.
People using the system seem happy and the trouble reports are receding.
People using troglitazone and injected insulin can experience hypoglycemia.
People using wheelchairs are welcome to join any tour.
People using wheelchairs or electric scooters can access train carriages.
People using wheelchairs realize children are curious.
People using wheelchairs use the same words.
People using winword are victims for a phenomenon called a hold up problem.
People using wood sleds in distance races are at an incredible disadvantage.
People validate the product more if it has all the licensing requirements.
People value being in Portland.
People value better air, but polluters normally have no incentive to care.
People value children very much.
People value creative talent.
People value different things about their cars.
People value differently various parts of their life.
People value diversity and work toward the elimination of discrimination of any kind.
People value good education and great schools.
People value most the things in life which they have worked for and made strides to achieve.
People value religion on the basis of cost, and they don t value the cheapest ones the most.
People value respect toward their time and lifestyle more than financial savings.
People value straight talk and actual value over glitzy turns of phrase.
People value that.
People value the idea of a sense of community.
People value the mix of uses available in places like Arlington and Alexandria.
People value the simplicity of their lives.
People value the struggle to live creatively in fidelity to the spirit of their commitments.
People value the whale experi- ence.
People value their duties, and so wives serve their husbands, and children serve their parents.
People value their jobs.
People value their lives and give it the pleasure it needs.
People value their time more than ever.
People value things differently.
People value uniformity and predictability.
People value what they pay for.
People vary a great deal in their response to being in a crash.
People vary a lot esp as adults, it's just something to try.
People vary a lot in their ability to feel their heartbeat.
People vary as to the type of corn they are allergic to.
People vary but for adults the change in body weight is a good guide to energy balance.
People vary considerably in their answers.
People vary enormously both in their circumstances and also in their individual financial needs.
People vary enourmosly in their sensitivity to different factors.
People vary greatly in how much they remember of their dreams.
People vary greatly in initial weight, age, height, health status and bone structure.
People vary greatly in their ability to express themselves via text.
People vary greatly in their approach.
People vary greatly in their ease of speaking to a group.
People vary greatly in their response to chemical exposures.
People vary greatly in their sensitivity to stimuli.
People vary in abilities, motivation and readiness to learn.
People vary in height, weight, shape, posture, carriage, and bearing.
People vary in how and when they show affection.
People vary in how sensitive they are to energy work.
People vary in how they respond to various types of testing.
People vary in style.
People vary in terms of which symptoms manifest first.
People vary in the degree to which they are comfortable communicating bad news.
People vary in the manner to which they let smell affect their lives.
People vary in the range of stimulation that is comfortable, healthy and productive of growth.
People vary in their ability to acclimatize.
People vary in their ability to cope with stress.
People vary in their ability to smell and taste.
People vary in their ablity to absorb the calcium that is in their diet.
People vary in their allegiance to search tools and they are fiercely loyal.
People vary in their biological susceptibility to developing speech anxiety.
People vary in their communicative skills.
People vary in their initial responses to amplification.
People vary in their interests.
People vary in their levels of understanding, their temperaments and spiritual development.
People vary in their odor thresholds and can easily loose sensitivity.
People vary in their reaction to hot peppers.
People vary in their reactions to the risk of infertility.
People vary in their response to allergens and sensitizers.
People vary in their response to infection.
People vary in their sensitivity to levels of detail and the sudden appearance of objects in a game.
People vary in their sensory perception.
People vary in their spatial reasoning skills and in their short-term memory capacity.
People vary in their susceptibility to advertising and marketing techniques.
People vary in their susceptibility.
People vary in their tolerance for suffering, both for their own and for that of other people.
People vary on many levels.
People vary quite a bit.
People vary so measure and check.
People vary their styles to suit different tasks and situations.
People vary widely in how much of their messages they save and what types of messages they save.
People vary widely in the amount of time they take to sort cards.
People vary widely in the intensity and frequency that they communicate via text.
People vary widely in their response to exercise.
People vary widely in their susceptibility to hypnosis.
People vary widely in their susceptibility to ozone.
People vent their anger at the mailing list folks.
People venture onto the Web for lots of reasons.
People vibe it all the time, give it dirty looks.
People vibrate at certain frequencies.
People vie to get permits to work in the region.
People view a poster from both far away, and close up.
People view any new technology in terms of what came before.
People view change negatively as additional work for no additional benefit.
People view fair and unfair differently depending on the time of their upbringing.
People view investment risk in many ways which can involve a number of different factors.
People view it as a symbol of Southern pride.
People view it as a very primitive problem.
People view it as a way to punish.
People view mountain climbing differently.
People view opportunities as a result of the institutions under which they live.
People view receipt of assistance as meaning a loss of self-support.
People view retirement far differently today, the author notes.
People view rivers with different visions.
People view science as the empirical means of attaining hard facts.
People view snakes as requiring minimum care.
People view that as mission critical to the delivery of service.
People view that as the crassest form of self-delusion.
People view that in a university as a form of teaching.
People view the human body in several different ways.
People view the Internet and religion so differently, it is hard to answer that question.
People view the media using a web browser and a player.
People view the poor and destitute through an entirely different prism.
People view the school district in a much more proprietary way.
People view the two systems as complementary.
People view the video while they're downloading it.
People view the war as a time when American society really pulled together.
People view their home as a sanctuary, a place to get away from it all.
People view themselves as a member of some one or more groups.
People view things differently.
People view web pages on monitors of many different sizes and resolutions.
People viewing textiles have inherent expectations.
People viewing web pages now want more than static pictures and text.
People violating the law are criminal and are subject to criminal law.
People virtually ask to be persuaded by a magnetic coach.
People visit a doctor for pain more than for any other symptom.
People visit a trade show to learn only what is new.
People visit and stay in the Bay Area because it is a great place to raise families.
People visit and then they're willing to invest and buy an apartment as a vacation home.
People visit cemeteries in large numbers.
People visit cemeteries on the weekends instead of being involved in normal activities.
People visit cemeteries, put flowers on the tombs of their relatives and friends.
People visit cyber hubs for their variety.
People visit dailyfor surfing, fishing, and hiking.
People visit each other house to greet New Year.
People visit each other's homes, and old feuds and misunderstandings are reconciled.
People visit estuaries for their beauty and for the many activities they offer.
People visit every day for surfing, fishing, and hiking.
People visit family tombs and make food offerings to their ancestors.
People visit far fewer websites than they get email messages.
People visit forests to enjoy nature and retreat from the pace of suburban life.
People visit friends and relatives and exchange decorated eggs.
People visit friends, relatives and business associates to exchange greetings and gifts.
People visit from all over the world.
People visit from every state in the union and numerous foreign countries.
People visit graveyards to recall the souls of ancestors and families enjoy special meals.
People visit graveyards to recall the souls of ancestors.
People visit here for help and encouragement in their quest for losing weight.
People visit here for posting and responding to teachers' questions and ideas.
People visit here to screen the latest releases and to help write the screen plays for new releases.
People visit it all the time.
People visit it from all around the world.
People visit it just to sit and enjoy the sunshine in our beautiful sky lit atrium.
People visit mosques, family and friends.
People visit museums and other places of exhibitions less often than they used to.
People visit other family and friends.
People visit our church because they hear positive things are happening here.
People visit our site regularly because they use it.
People visit our site through search engines, directories, links, and through other venues.
People visit parks and forest preserves on weekends.
People visit psychics for many reasons.
People visit rooms of their choice.
People visit senior relatives.
People visit shrines in order to pray for good fortune and to turn away evil spirits.
People visit sites for new experiences as well as new information.
People visit sites that satisfy all their needs.
People visit temples for many reasons.
People visit temples for prayers and worship and to attain divine consciousness.
People visit the altars and they are given fresh water or ice cream.
People visit the attraction today to get a scenic view of the area.
People visit the back country and rural areas for many reasons.
People visit the beach from all over South Korea , as well as outside of Korea .
People visit the beach from all over South Korea, as well as outside of Korea.
People visit the city in order to convert income into personal experience.
People visit the family grave and offer incense foods flowers.
People visit the market for many reasons other than to buy and sell goods.
People visit the mountains the hills and the sea zone.
People visit the river to enjoy a vacation from their own competitive world.
People visit the shrines to pray for themselves and also for the dead .
People visit the shrines to pray for themselves and also for the dead.
People visit the site for all sorts of reasons.
People visit the site for lodging, wildlife, recreation and other info.
People visit the site to do more than just buy and sell.
People visit the stores in the mall to shop .
People visit the stores in the mall to shop.
People visit to attain peace or own good health wealth and prosperity.
People visit Web sites because they provide valuable information.
People visit Web sites that match their interests.
People visit webcams for many different reasons.
People visit websites and receive visual information.
People visit wine county in private autos, vans, buses and even on bicycles.
People visit, aid and trade with persons they like and trust.
People visit, important mail arrives.
People visiting a therapist usually have some kind of emotional problems.
People visiting affected farms can bring the disease in on their shoes.
People visiting Australia frequently for work or business can apply for a business visitor visa .
People visiting bat caves sometimes force hibernating bats to wake up.
People visiting New York City can extend their visit by coming here.
People visiting the above countries are at risk, as are anyone who flies on commercial airlines.
People visiting the area have the unique option of buying fish directly off the dock.
People visiting the island do so at their own risk.
People visiting the UK are at no risk from the disease, which is common in many countries.
People visiting Vermont often come for physical, mental, emotional and spiritual rejuvenation.
People vividly remember the cinematic burning of the city.
People vocally underline their words, throw parts of their speech into italics.
People voluntarily sign to get renewable energy.
People volunteer as a way to help others.
People volunteer at a soup kitchen or in local service clubs.
People volunteer at schools, sports events, local organizations, and help their neighbors.
People volunteer at their library because they want to help it out and because it's a social outlet.
People volunteer because of the rewards, to add the pay factor in there changes the dynamics.
People volunteer because they enjoy helping others.
People volunteer both to help the organization , and to gain experience .
People volunteer for a range of reasons.
People volunteer for a variety of personal reasons.
People volunteer for a variety of reasons.
People volunteer for a wide range of reasons, especially when reaching out to help others.
People volunteer for a wide range of reasons.
People volunteer for a wide variety of reasons, especially wanting to help others.
People volunteer for all sorts of reasons.
People volunteer for different reasons.
People volunteer for many reasons and often for more than one reason.
People volunteer for many reasons.
People volunteer for research studies for many reasons.
People volunteer for studies for many reasons.
People volunteer from all ages and walks of life and wide variety of reasons.
People volunteer from every walk of like.
People volunteer in different ways and at different times of the year.
People volunteer in many different ways and for different lengths of time.
People volunteer their time and labors according to their individual interests and sympathies.
People volunteer their time to help their neighbors.
People volunteer their time when they feel they are really needed.
People volunteer their time when they want to.
People volunteer to be a part of a clinical trial for several reasons.
People volunteer to be the freier, allowing others to graciously have their way.
People volunteer to help their community.
People volunteer to make supper and they make a warm, safe and a meaningful fellowship.
People volunteer to meet their needs, which are as varied and numerous as the volunteers themselves.
People volunteer to participate before they're asked.
People volunteer to participate in a study to help themselves and to help others.
People volunteer to run conventions.
People volunteer to satisfy their own spiritual hunger.
People volunteer to serve in the legal committee, but they have to be elected to hold office.
People volunteer to serve on the ball crew because it's the best seat in the house.
People vomit blood and struggle to breathe.
People vote a lottery up or down.
People vote according to their situations.
People vote almost always for one of four reasons.
People vote and elect our leaders, and the process belongs in their hands.
People vote and vote for their favourite video.
People vote based on a basket of issues.
People vote based on personal impressions.
People vote because of civic duty, party loyalty and personal reasons.
People vote by putting money in one or more of the envelopes.
People vote far parties.
People vote for a number of reasons.
People vote for huge prison expansions, and then are stunned when a new prison is proposed nearby.
People vote for new laws.
People vote for the candidate they think has the most values to offer.
People vote here and they have a lot of money.
People vote in blocs.
People vote in different ways and that is their right.
People vote in presidential elections.
People vote in the Mission differently than they do in other parts of the city.
People vote in what the well done propaganda tells then to choose.
People vote on a picture and move to the next picture.
People vote on many issues besides elections for public officials.
People vote on the virtues of the candidate.
People vote on what they like or dislike by placing sticky dots on the sheets.
People vote on which events they are most excited for and get points for doing so.
People vote selfishly.
People vote their pocketbooks and self-interest more than social issues.
People vote to have a better life.
People vote with money for the person they want to kiss a pig.
People vote with their bodies.
People vote with their checkbooks.
People vote with their feet and their purses.
People vote with their feet and with their dollars.
People vote with their feet to flee Marxist societies and to come to the United States.
People vote with their feet, and fewer and fewer people are showing up at the poles.
People vote with their feet. - anon.
People vote, people question.
People wage war first against their neighbors and against the helpless.
People wait a long time to get into Ramona in the afternoon.
People wait ages to get their chicken chops, lamb chops or chicken cutlets.
People wait an average of six months for hospital treatment after diagnosis.
People wait at train stations or bus stations or airports.
People wait both inside and out for a table.
People wait for a favorable situation to start offering land.
People wait for all sorts of things.
People wait for direction or for other people to set the agenda.
People wait for five years to return to their homes.
People wait for food, for water and, reluctantly, for the latrine.
People wait for lots of things.
People wait for months to begin chemotherapy.
People wait for months to get the car because it's so good.
People wait for our coffee.
People wait for the display to start on the boathouse balcony.
People wait for their turn, and then go out through back doors.
People wait for years to become eligible to purchase season tickets.
People wait in lines stretching to the street while waiting for court to be in session.
People wait in long lines to get water.
People wait in uneasy anticipation.
People wait longer to pick, so the flavors are more evolved.
People wait outside for the next event.
People wait the entire day in queues without their permits being renewed, or even looked at.
People wait their turn before speaking.
People wait to be told what to do.
People wait to use daycare until it's too late.
People wait too long before they discuss things.
People wait too long to commit.
People wait too long to start saving.
People wait until they are thirsty to take a drink of water.
People wait years for green cards and citizenship.
People wait years for the wall.
People wait, often for many hours.
People waiting at bus stops can help travelers find the correct bus.
People waiting for the bus want something to fill in the time.
People waiting have a green icon, while people who are playing have a red icon.
People waiting near the foot of the trees, squeeze honey from the comb into earthen pots.
People wake up early in the morning.
People wake up early, take bath and go around the streets singing devotional songs.
People wake up in the morning wondering where the next meal is going to come from.
People walk about and chat with their neighbors.
People walk about, performing their daily tasks, greeting each other, passing pleasantries.
People walk across the road in front of the cars, or walk along down the road.
People walk all day to hear a one-hour sermon.
People walk along some of the massive tulip beds.
People walk along wooden boardwalks and gravel paths.
People walk and bicycle around town on the peaceful streets.
People walk and cross at night to get the mail.
People walk and eat and talk on their cell phones and throw sticks in the ponds.
People walk and jog on the streets.
People walk and ride their bicycles.
People walk and talk together and everybody is playing by the same rules.
People walk and use public transport.
People walk around and mutter some more about the bomb.
People walk around and observe others at work.
People walk around and talk about how tough they are on crime.
People walk around and touch things, and they buy.
People walk around Baltimore each day for work and recreation.
People walk around for years with a swollen testicle because they're embarrassed.
People walk around in bathrobes, but everyone makes sure they have a bathing suit underneath.
People walk around nervously.
People walk around on egg shells.
People walk around on the streets, staring and wondering about things.
People walk around our buildings all the time.
People walk around the thriving downtown and see bands, bars, and maybe a night's companionship.
People walk around, go to the cafe, or come back the next day.
People walk around.
People walk as much as six hours to receive care here.
People walk at random, near and around each other, and circular reaction takes place.
People walk at random, near and around each other.
People walk away feeling lighter, informed, and moved to some new action in their lives.
People walk away from families.
People walk away with goose bumps.
People walk away with renewed energy, focus, inspired to pursue their own leadership journey.
People walk backwards, talk backwards and dress backwards.
People walk barefoot to the university there.
People walk by and say hello.
People walk by here all day long.
People walk by or jog through.
People walk by themselves along trails through dunes of the ocean shore.
People walk by wrapped up in their coats and scarves.
People walk by, each caught up in their own world.
People walk by, turning to stare as they pass.
People walk clockwise all day long as ritual of the Buddhist religion.
People walk down the market isle arms laden with their treasures of the morning .
People walk down the street and all they can do is compare.
People walk down the street holding hands in Saudi Arabia.
People walk down the streets in everything from scrubs to suits.
People walk down to the theater on a summer night.
People walk due to small electrical signals from the brain telling their leg muscles to contract.
People walk everywhere in their bathing suits all day long.
People walk fast, except the tourists, who walk slow.
People walk fast, talk fast and they're always late.
People walk for hours and wait for days to have their teeth extracted.
People walk for many hours or come by crowded bus.
People walk from one to another.
People walk glassy-eyed, silent in streets and subways, earphones in their ears.
People walk here and there and peer out the window and look at each others' faces for the last time.
People walk home on wooden planks.
People walk in a queue behind that and sing prayers.
People walk in a topple.
People walk in and are in awe.
People walk in and it s just like how it used to be.
People walk in and just stare.
People walk in and look around and talk about how pretty and open it is.
People walk in and out every day.
People walk in and out.
People walk in and they expect a place for coffee, T-shirts, all sorts of things.
People walk in and, hours later, walk out.
People walk in distinctive ways.
People walk in here along the road.
People walk in here with reverence.
People walk in here, and on some level, whatever issues they're dealing with can be addressed.
People walk in looking angry or sad.
People walk in off the street to eat here.
People walk in the back door from the parking lot, which has all the charm of a loading dock.
People walk in the door and they can leave their worries outside.
People walk in the front door and everything is in galleries.
People walk in through the left, where there's an opening.
People walk in, are amused for a while, and then walk out unchanged.
People walk in, look at our cheese being made and taste it there.
People walk into a store and see rows and rows of herbal products.
People walk into the office in the morning, have the procedure, and walk back out before lunch time.
People walk it or get through it any way they can.
People walk mesmerized through a sea of beckoning messages.
People walk miles a day just to buy basics.
People walk on a floor.
People walk on and off screen with no sense of choreography.
People walk on asphalt.
People walk on eggs.
People walk on fire, without getting burnt.
People walk on the pavement rather than a sidewalk.
People walk on the same roads that cars drive on.
People walk or bicycle to their local neighbourhood cybercafe.
People walk or ride bicycles, buses or taxis.
People walk out for no good reason.
People walk out of exams crying, fist fights break out in the hall.
People walk out of our concerts just feeling better.
People walk out of the office to get lunch.
People walk out of training with a marketing plan they can implement today.
People walk out on movies without thinking twice.
People walk out without paying for their food a lot.
People walk past.
People walk patiently in dark years of governmental oppression.
People walk primarily in the designated area, but wander all over the road if shops line both sides.
People walk quick frowns of breath lessness past the mountain cafe.
People walk randomly through the streets like a sidewalk.
People walk safely down city streets that are free of litter at all hours of the day and night.
People walk several miles to offer homage at the temple from all over India.
People walk slower here.
People walk the labyrinth and get ideas for poetry, pottery, or music.
People walk the labyrinth silently, using their own choice of prayer or meditation.
People walk the sidewalks early in the morning.
People walk the streets like they're already dead.
People walk the streets no more, No women carry purses.
People walk the streets of Belgrade wearing bull's-eye targets in defiance of the bombs.
People walk the streets.
People walk their dog to make sure no-one's throwing stones.
People walk their dogs here because they can be off leash once on the wooded path.
People walk their dogs, kids come out to play, women jog and walk all the time.
People walk their sparkling healthy pets and push their strollers around.
People walk through rooms, then disappear.
People walk through that door over there.
People walk through the pyramid to enter or leave the city.
People walk through the streets asleep.
People walk to a place where there is flowing water and empty their pockets into the water.
People walk to church, children to school.
People walk to shops and restaurants, meeting one another, getting to know their neighbors.
People walk toward the islands of light, stopping to let their irises adjust.
People walk up and down examining every carving mark.
People walk up the southeastern side to the top, then cross over to the other side and walk down.
People walk with their heads down.
People walk with youngchildren.
People walk, ride and just thoroughly enjoy the peace and beauty.
People walk, ride bikes, and there has never been that much traffic.
People walk, run, and wander without direction.
People walking along the street turn their collars up and squint against the stirring dust.
People walking around forms to sign is a waste of time.
People walking by are receptive to the group's message.
People walking by can disrupt the air supply to the hood.
People walking by generally avert their eyes and few offer a greeting.
People walking in and out of class is very distracting for the professor and other students.
People walking in the circle hear a strong buzzing or humming sound.
People walking into financial markets paradoxically seem to prefer high prices.
People walking on a street and some people driving automobiles notice the tremor.
People walking or riding bikes, horse carts or animal-powered tractors are good.
People walking out is a legitimate response.
People walking out of jail before their sentence is up.
People walking parallel or on the same part of the path soon are at opposite sides of the design.
People walking pets outside of the track are responsible to clean up their pet's waste.
People walking through are able to forget the building.
People walking through offices come away with the wrong impression.
People walking through the area sometimes crush the burrows of the nesting ua'u, or shearwaters.
People walking through the beaded curtain sometimes tug on the strings.
People walking under ladders also expose themselves to the danger of objects falling from above.
People wander about to each other's camps meeting friends over endless cups of tea.
People wander around blindfolded.
People wander by reading the signs, trying to find members of their own families.
People wander dazed among the shattered cement and roof tiles.
People wander from bar to bar, drinking a txikito, or small glass of wine or beer.
People wander in and out of the shop, some friends, some neighbors.
People wander in and out, visiting or just listening.
People wander into bars and wander out, without much opportunity for data collection.
People wander into the building all the time.
People wander off the topic.
People wander off, they eat or smoke and then return when their favorite parts are on.
People wander toward the stage.
People wanna be here.
People wanna know, ya know.
People want animals.
People want horses.
People want pets.
People wanting quick results are easily disappointed.
People wanting to advance their careers have practically infinite choices there.
People wanting to begin from South-India can land directly at Chennai.
People wanting to buy a house say any where but the fourth ward.
People wanting to buy or sell used magic equipment can post free classified ads here.
People wanting to donate can do so at any bank branch.
People wanting to get together but actually finding a physical place to do it is hard.
People wanting to help, to adopt or help pay for the care.
People wanting to join the welfare group as a member can just turn up at the meetings.
People wanting to learn floral art so that they can use it vocationally are in our programs.
People wanting to subscribe to a list can send a message requesting to subscribe.
People wants to earn money from promoting affiliate programs.
People wants to know what is going on.
People wash dishes right after meals to make cleaning easier and the kitchen cleaner.
People wash down gleaming fryers.
People wash their dogs more frequently than they cut their own hair.
People wash their faces and limbs before prayers and remove their shoes when entering the mosque.
People wash their vehicles, and decorate with leaves and flowers.
People wash with it and drink it, too.
People waste minds, bodies, opportunities.
People waste more time on the telephone than they do anywhere else.
People waste real life time waiting on others.
People waste so much energy.
People waste their ad money on the strangest whims.
People waste too much time having hard copies of documents printed, bound and delivered.
People waste valuable time watching and obsessing over soap operas.
People watch a greater diversity of programs.
People watch a handful of TV shows, read a few magazines and one newspaper.
People watch a speaker's face during a presentation.
People watch and listen to shows on television.
People watch and listen to the games.
People watch because of the anticipation of something elicit.
People watch because people love to live in fantasies.
People watch birds and hike through wilderness and boat.
People watch birds for lots of different reasons.
People watch birds.
People watch boxing for thrill or enjoyment.
People watch drama stories like that for the crime story.
People watch each other's decisions.
People watch films to unwind.
People watch football to have some fun.
People watch for examples to follow.
People watch from the riverbanks or from boats moving among the bonfires.
People watch from the windows.
People watch interactive television and no longer have to sit through commercials.
People watch it because insects are interesting to many people.
People watch it because it's the greatest spectacle in motor sports.
People watch it because they want to be uplifted.
People watch it, enjoy it, then move on to another series.
People watch it.
People watch many table tennis sets above straw.
People watch on lunch-hours, etc.
People watch our show for the conflict.
People watch out for each other here.
People watch out for each other.
People Watch Out for Each Other.
People watch out for one another here.
People watch out for one another.
People watch out for other people.
People watch out.
People watch pastors.
People watch people.
People watch reality TV, even when it's bad.
People watch scifi for realistic adventure in the future.
People watch sports because they are filled with action and battles.
People watch television alone or with people their own age.
People watch television and passively take in the adverts.
People watch television and, naturally, talk about it.
People watch television to add a semblance of variety to their daily lives.
People watch television, they talk on the phone, they work on their computers.
People watch the Academy Awards to see how skinny the actresses have become.
People watch the chained gates.
People watch the leader, and want to be where the action is.
People watch the leaves turn and are transported to another time.
People watch the news.
People watch the parish children grow up.
People watch the skies as they have since first plowing the prairies more than a century ago.
People watch TV and every once in a while people get TV confused with real life.
People watch TV and use arcade games and that sets a standard.
People watch TV at any time of day or night.
People watch TV because they want to emulate the character they see.
People watch TV by themselves.
People watch TV cop shows.
People watch TV to be entertained .
People watch TV to be entertained, and are entertained passively.
People watch TV weather personalities nearly every day.
People watch TV when they're really tired.
People watch TV, they have too many speakers all around.
People watch videos there.
People watch what the Christian and religious person does.
People watch what they want.
People watch while eating smoked BBQ ribs and sipping a daquiri.
People watch with abated breath.
People watch wrestling on TV and think that everybody's goal is to be the world champion.
People watch, drink and enjoy the spring atmosphere.
People watch, eavesdrop, start a few conversations with mall security for some really good stories.
People watch, people talk, people know, people considerate their business to know.
People watch, take photos, sunbathe, and luxuriate.
People watch, talk, kiss-there is no loud outcry, horns, or noise.
People watching actually experience the feeling of fluid motion and find it very enjoyable.
People watching can be fun.
People watching can be more entertaining than most movies.
People watching equals ratings, ratings equals money.
People watching is a definite favourite activity while lounging in the Schooner.
People watching is a favorite for the less active.
People watching is a favorite pastime there.
People watching is a major sport here also, enjoy it, never abuse it.
People watching is a major sport.
People watching is a new sport here.
People watching is also a good way to pick up on current fair fashions.
People watching is always a favorite pastime.
People watching is best in warm weather.
People watching is fun, too.
People watching is the greatest way to pass the time, no doubt.
People watching out for their neighbors is one of the best signs of all.
People watching the game, as well as players read and understand the messages.
People watching the news sometimes get so disgusted by what they see.
People watching TV do seem to relax, but they are more relaxed during and after other activities.
People wave and say hi.
People wave as they go by.
People wave at each other and stop to chat in mid-day.
People wave by raising their hand and moving it from side to side.
People wave from the grocery parking lot.
People wave good-bye.
People wave to each other on the street.
People way out in the wilderness.
People wear a coat to be sheltered against the aggressions of the outside world.
People wear a mask .
People wear a mask, i.e., they are in a permanent state of tension.
People wear a wide belt called an 'obi' with their kimono.
People wear biker pants, women climb in sports bras and men with their shirts off.
People wear bug nets over wide-brimmed hats to keep the flies out of mouths, eyes, and noses.
People wear bunny suits.
People wear camouflage tote guns and take the field to prepare for the day's fight.
People wear clothes a lot and there are even special effects.
People wear clothes they feel comfortable in.
People wear clothing to keep their bodies covered, protected and comfortable.
People wear corduroy shirts, skirts, shorts, dresses and overalls.
People wear costumes and beads and celebrate with a big parade, special parties, and even a ball.
People wear costumes and dance, sing, and party all night long in city streets.
People wear crosses on chains around their necks.
People wear down to a final, fatal breakdown.
People wear everything from business attire to casual clothing to our performances.
People wear expensive Italian suits even during the tortuous summer months.
People wear fur coats in the morning and silk at noon .
People wear glasses for several reasons.
People wear glasses that make it so player can see anything .
People wear glasses that make it so player can see anything.
People wear green clothes.
People wear green shirts, ties, hair ribbons and hats.
People wear green.
People wear it like a uniform.
People wear lightweight clothing underneath.
People wear long or short pants, sandals, and open collar shirts.
People wear loud clothes.
People wear martenitsa for a certain period of time.
People wear masks for many reasons.
People wear masks to prevent flu, too.
People wear modern clothing here.
People wear new clothes and celebrate with a feast.
People wear new clothes and go to church.
People wear new clothes, exchange gifts and eat sumptuous meals.
People wear nice clothes.
People wear one on their finger for protection when sewing .
People wear one on their finger for protection when sewing.
People wear ornaments mainly to beautify the body.
People wear poppies to remember the war.
People wear rings so that others know their marital status.
People wear rubber gloves and masks.
People wear shoes indoors in Latvian homes.
People wear shoes to protect their feet.
People wear shorts and halter tops.
People wear special shoes to skate on ice .
People wear special shoes to skate on ice.
People wear suits and walk differently.
People wear surgical masks due to the influenza epidemic.
People wear the past like they re carrying a heavy burden on their backs.
People wear their opinions like medals.
People wear thick gloves, usually made of wool or fabric, to keep their hands warm in cold weather.
People wear ties now.
People wear yellow clothes.
People wear, like big t-shirts and earthy tones and functional things.
People wearing suits are arrogant assholes.
People wearing the pink or orange officials' hats are seemingly everywhere.
People weather the terrible storm.
People weave the wool into cloth for tents, clothes, and blankets.
People weigh in on all sides of the issue.
People weigh the pros and cons of alternatives.
People weigh their own risks.
People weigh themselves because they are concerned about their appearance.
People weigh themselves to see if they gained weight.
People welcome involvement.
People welcome the spring season and pray for a bountiful and rich harvest.
People welcome to fly in to camp.
People well trained in the basics can do almost anything if motivated.
People weren t just using it in flights of fancy.
People weren t passionate about music.
People weren t receiving it like a caf .
People when playing, often play in groups.
People whine about standing in long lines.
People whine about where their money's going.
People whisper about it in hushed tones.
People whisper about trouble.
People whisper and point.
People whisper secrets and wrap presents behind closed doors.
People whisper, touch, chat and battle for space, oblivious to the long-term effects of their visit.
People whistle and blow long, booming plastic horns.
People wield big knives and some blood is drawn.
People willingly give up their liberties as a result of fear.
People willingly share things about their special tree.
People willingly subscribe to the ezines because of their interest in the topic.
People win an interest in improving information management and workflow in their organisations.
People win awards.
People win cash prizes for correctly identifying odors.
People win millions of dollars making such claims.
People win the lottery.
People wind harder, shout louder and politeness largely gets thrown overboard.
People wind up moving out into the country, getting big pieces of land.
People wink and do different things.
People wink at each other with happy eyes.
People wipe out on their rental scooters like figures in a video game exploding into dust.
People wire money to banks without knowing where they are.
People wish away five days a week of their life.
People wish for an easy solution.
People wish for different things.
People wish for the sublime in living.
People wish to avoid negative consequences, while desiring positive results or effects.
People wish to be included in all major decisions about their lives.
People wish to be poets more than they wish to write poetry, and that's a mistake.
People wish to be settled.
People wish to guard their distinctiveness.
People wish to learn to swim and at the same time to keep one foot on the ground.
People wish to live in peace, and with a good standard of living.
People wish to make less commitment to a single organisation.
People wish to make money off the backs of adults.
People wish to move from feelings of inferiority to superiority.
People wish to reintegrate their lives.
People wish to remain blind to the truth.
People wish to teach children because of their innocence, freshness for life and learning.
People wishing to buy in bulk, click here .
People wishing to come in pre-formed groups are welcome to do so.
People wishing to give testimony can sign up for the random drawing one hour before each session.
People wishing to help are also welcome.
People wishing to obtain visas to visit Thailand are able to download the appropriate forms online.
People wishing to pay go stand in line at the 'tail end' of the queue.
People wishing to sell trees and related materials are free to do so.
People wishing to subscribe to a list can use the forms available in the subscribe section.
People wishing to subscribe to papers, call the local or toll free numbers to subscribe.
People wishing to transact business on the web can provide a link to another site.
People withdraw because it is the easiest thing to do.
People withdraw from society and focus on self-preservation.
People withdraw physically or mentally from each other after injury.
People withdraw, become frustrated, alienated.
People witness the recovery of an endangered species through whale watching.
People wonder about life after death, and the meaning of life, which ends after so short a time.
People wonder if the church is too whishy-washy or politically correct.
People wonder what is wrong with some of our youth.
People wonder what that sound is.
People wonder what their dogs are doing all day while they're at work.
People wonder what they can expect from our new parent company.
People wonder when it is safe for their child to take creatine.
People wonder where it went.
People wonder where the national church is going when it ordains gays and lesbians.
People wonder whether bird feeding causes birds to change their migratory behavior.
People wonder whether it can really be true.
People wonder whether progress is better served through government funding or private industry.
People wonder who's more intelligent.
People wonder why Illinois gets a bad rap on the coasts.
People wonder why no one wants to teach, why the numbers are down, and all that.
People wonder why other people do the things they do and why they believe the things they do.
People wonder why our generation is so screwed up.
People wonder why our society is going downhill.
People wonder why so many teens are committing suicide.
People wonder why some of our stories are so long.
People wonder why some of the minority groups get loud.
People wonder why students are apathetic.
People wonder why teachers burn out.
People wonder why the book is banned and they buy the book in order to find out.
People wonder why the plants in the gym grow so green and lush .
People wonder why voter turn out is so low in our country.
People work all day and play all night.
People work all night long.
People work all year round and crowd into buses and subways and planes no matter what the season.
People work alone, and just try to fend for themselves.
People work alone.
People work along the river.
People work and nobody knows about it.
People work and save less when they have less incentive to work and save.
People work and sleep at all different hours.
People work and study here, are really nice and open.
People work any time and almost anywhere to get the job done.
People work anywhere from a couple of hours to all weekend.
People work around each other in the kitchen.
People work around the clock.
People work as a group, listening to each other's comments and answering the questions.
People work asleep.
People work at different kinds of jobs.
People work at different paces.
People work at home for a variety of reasons.
People work at it and they make time to meet physically and emotionally.
People work at jobs below their skill levels and for lower wages.
People work at jobs they never describe, everyone seems to have ample money.
People work at their jobs because they have to earn a livelihood.
People work because they have to due to capitalism and individualism.
People work because they matter.
People work because they want to reap the produce of labor.
People work because they want to, and because they believe and are dedicated to a cause.
People work best in relatively small groups.
People work best in supportive and trusting environments.
People work best when their needs and interests are considered in the decision making process.
People work best when they are given deadlines.
People work better if they are paid more.
People work better together when they know each other on a nonwork basis.
People work better when sincerely interested in their subject .
People work better when they are noticed and guided into the working part of the lesson smoothly.
People work better when they feel better about who they work for and who they work with.
People work better when they feel familiar and at ease with each other.
People work better with little stress.
People work better with methods, procedures, and equipment they understand.
People work beyond the above for a purpose.
People work collectively and progressively to promote health and control healthcare costs.
People work collectively to respond to problems or opportunities.
People work efficiently and well in rooms painted a light, khaki brown.
People work efficiently.
People work eighty-hour weeks when they feel they are part of something big.
People work fast here.
People work faster or concentrate better, and that shows up quickly in tangible output.
People work first for money.
People work for a variety of reasons.
People work for fear of losing what they have rather than from a desire to extend themselves.
People work for many movements and they blend into each other.
People work for more than money.
People work for other reasons, too.
People work for years to acquire property.
People work from home or have offices in their cars.
People work from their homes in virtual offices.
People work hard all their lives just to provide food for themselves.
People work hard and money is the bottom line.
People work hard and pay money for their special graphics.
People work hard and when they want something, they save up and buy it.
People work hard at a lot of things - from their physical fitness to their profession.
People work hard at many activities, such as sports, school subjects, and hobbies.
People work hard at what they do.
People work hard everyday.
People work hard for their money and want a product that s worth the price.
People work hard for their money, and they want to decide how to spend it.
People work hard for their money.
People work hard here, and it's good to take the occasion to recognize and appreciate what they do.
People work hard here.
People work hard if they see potential in what they are doing.
People work hard in thankless, but very necessary, jobs.
People work hard in the country, and restaurants that want to survive there serve healthy portions.
People work hard in writing their music.
People work hard on their graphics.
People work hard on their sites, from text to graphics, and it's important to respect that.
People work hard there, but also have time to chat.
People work hard to build their assets and to increase their standard of living.
People work hard to earn a living.
People work hard to get the Nobel Prize.
People work hard to make money for their clients and expectations for success are high.
People work hard to own and buy nice things.
People work hard, and come here to relax.
People work hard, and sometimes long, hours in construction.
People work hard, and they play hard.
People work hard, but they know how to relax, too.
People work hard, or at least they think they work hard.
People work hard, play hard and dress down.
People work hard, raise their families, obey their nation's laws, participate in their community.
People work hard.
People work harder and have less than ever before in history.
People work harder because of that.
People work harder for more money and enjoy themselves much less.
People work harder for proposals they helped to develop.
People work harder than ever before and neglect their spouses and children in the process.
People work harder when they are in a good mood.
People work harder when they've got a bigger audience.
People work in a team where they regularly switch jobs with one another.
People work in bad lighting conditions, have impaired vision, or poor monitors.
People work in different ways.
People work in fishing, hunting, and timber.
People work in groups around a table with plans or a model.
People work in groups on common tasks.
People work in monthly teams.
People work in odd places.
People work in our pulp mill, sawmills, mines and in the fishing industry.
People work in shifts to keep the plant running at maximum efficiency twenty-four hours a day.
People work in teams, and they develop close friendships.
People work in the cities, but prefer to live in rural settings.
People work in units or teams that are make a whole product or provide a complete service.
People work less but perform as much as they did before.
People work like crazy here.
People work long and hard to grow a business and make a life in a neighborhood.
People work long hard hours to write software.
People work long hours in extreme heat, cold, and wind.
People work long hours, take work home, and even continue to conduct business on the weekends.
People work long hours.
People work longer hours and sleep less.
People work longer hours with shorter lunch breaks.
People work magick because magick works.
People work more independently, and have more diverse interests.
People work more naturally when the keyboard and input device are at approximately elbow height.
People work mostly for money and status rewards.
People work No Shame into their lives.
People work non-stop, yet make grossly inadequate sums of money.
People work on a project until it is done.
People work on different time frames.
People work on high bridges.
People work on improving their plans until they are confident that they can proceed.
People work on networked computers as opposed to a centrally located mainframe or a typewriter.
People work on the river, people drive along the river.
People work on whatever aspect of the code they care about, scratching their own itches.
People work only a few days a week, enough to provide food from their fields.
People work only if rewarded.
People work or go to school during the day.
People work overseas for many reasons.
People work perfectly to accomplish what they are currently accomplishing.
People work real hard and pay their taxes.
People work really hard here. . . .
People work really hard here.
People work relatively well together.
People work six out of every seven days.
People work so hard to purchase what they have.
People work such long hours.
People work Sundays for normal rates.
People work there to provide customers with goods and services relating to insurance.
People work there.
People work to bridge gaps of age, subject, college, race, and gender.
People work to improve the lives of their neighbors and, in return, enhance their own.
People work to improve the lives of their neighbours and, in return, enhance their own.
People work to pass on lifestyle values to their children.
People work to raise their family incomes.
People work to their strengths and both types of editors are needed.
People work together and it's fun.
People work together and play together very well.
People work together and support each other.
People work together as a team.
People work together because they have to.
People work together because they trust one another.
People work together in the beef production chain to develop a safe and healthy end product.
People work together on presentations, memos, reports, marketing plans and more.
People work together to better the city.
People work together to keep crime rates down in their city.
People work together to keep themselves fed.
People work together to realize their common goals.
People work together to solve the problem.
People work together.
People work too hard.
People work two or more jobs.
People work up to a challenge.
People work very hard , but they are losing hope in many ways.
People work very hard and put in long hours.
People work very hard at satisfying the affected customer.
People work very hard for their money.
People work very hard in Vietnam to eke out a living selling anything.
People work very hard to achieve the kind of life they desire, and they forget one crucial thing.
People work very hard to get where they are.
People work very hard.
People work well together and are very supportive.
People work well together.
People work when they have to and eat and sleep when they can.
People work where they are the most effective.
People work with all formats and do all different types of work.
People work with determination and pride, digging up the rock-hard earth.
People work with people they like.
People work with pride when they feel as if their job is their own private company.
People work within affined communities to pursue common goals for human betterment.
People work, live and play in places that are relatively close together.
People working at home are more difficult to organize.
People working at home or on the road are especially vulnerable.
People working for a company have only that company to depend on for income.
People working for themselves point to freedom as a perk of their jobs.
People working for yellow have the pleasure of working flexible hours.
People working hard together can leave a better world for the next generation.
People working here are so dedicated and give so much of themselves.
People working in a variety of settings figure out ways to work and learn together.
People working in branch offices frequently complain that head office is remote.
People working in community education are in a similar position.
People working in dairy parlours are often in contact with cattle urine.
People working in groups often share tasks.
People working in health care are among the most educated and dedicated workforce in any industry.
People working in health care are among the most educated and dedicated workforce of any industry.
People working in local companies also live and raise their children in the local community.
People working in ministry have unique challenges and needs.
People working in off-premise catering love the adventure of working in new and exciting places.
People working in pharmacy are just lazy.
People working in physics and mathematics are the main users.
People working in professions related to their aptitudes are usually happier in their careers.
People working in professions such as business , law , and politics wear dress shoes .
People working in professions such as business , law , and politics wear dress socks .
People working in professions such as business, law, and politics wear dress shoes.
People working in professions such as business, law, and politics wear dress socks.
People working in serious thought often live most of their lives in the workplace.
People working in sorting and valuation include rough diamond sorters and rough diamond valuators.
People working in sporting goods stores are a wealth of information.
People working in the arts or environment are eligible if their work involves direct human service.
People working in the California colonies have, though.
People working in the creative aspect of Web design are most likely to benefit from the meetings.
People working in the field can t just love children.
People working in the fields, produce being carried to market and sold.
People working in the gardens have first pick of the vegetables.
People working in the kitchen just simply wash and have no high-temperature sterilization.
People working in the park can leave their offices and be airborne in a half hour.
People working in the promoter's organisation do it.
People working in the same area keep in touch by e-mail.
People working in the trenches often give better quotes.
People working in their communities ensure global food security.
People working in unity can accomplish great feats.
People working inside the system are often ill-equipped to see the flaws in it.
People working minimum wage jobs go to where the rents are less.
People working now on how to solve urban sprawl want to mix it up in the same way.
People working on class activities have priority using any equipment.
People working on inverse problems usually start by thinking about the reconstruction problem.
People working on lop try to solve the line optimization problem .
People working on or near the roadway are a hazard clue.
People working on safety-critical projects carry a heavy responsibility.
People working safely and reliably contribute to a high level of performance.
People working to reduce noise are environmentalists seeking an ethic of the commons.
People working together applying their knowledge and skills achieve more.
People working together can accomplish a great deal more than people working individually.
People working together can do a lot to guard against campus hazards.
People working together can do almost anything.
People working together can make a difference in the prevalence of back injuries in the workplace.
People working together can make a difference.
People working together can prevent and solve many crimes.
People working together gleaning farmers' fields helps to strengthen community.
People working together on a project can all add to the same bibliography.
People working together produce the best results.
People working together to prevent abuse and neglect is the theme of activities in many communities.
People working together towards a common goal is a powerful force.
People working well together, is the system.
People working with people can be the source of great satisfaction or troubling discord.
People working with short delays often require very short insertion delays.
People working with the internet have to remember lots of passwords.
People working with the land are the real farmers.
People working within the automotive industry readily concede that the sector is facing chaos.
People working, united, unselfish, together in harmony is .
People worlds apart.
People worldwide can participate in the largest international community offering on the Internet.
People worldwide can read anything else in the world.
People worldwide place themselves in history based on historical events or occurrences.
People worldwide resolve to act better in the year just beginning than in the year just ended.
People worldwide use English, especially in school or business affairs.
People worry a good deal about cancer today and rightly so.
People worry about a lot of things during economic hard times.
People worry about attendance.
People worry about baby birds and chipmunks getting burned in a prescribed fire.
People worry about control of the world's media being concentrated in so few hands.
People worry about details or they worry about the big picture.
People worry about each other a lot.
People worry about government censorship.
People worry about holes in the ozone layer.
People worry about illness, poverty, family disruption, war, famine, and the future.
People worry about it a lot.
People worry about joining Greek houses because they fear that they'll stifle themselves socially.
People worry about kids playing with guns, and teenagers watching violent videos.
People worry about landfills getting too full.
People worry about losing species diversity in the rain forest.
People worry about losing their PDAs and the data they contain.
People worry about many different things.
People worry about money a lot.
People worry about nitrate in drinking water for a variety of reasons.
People worry about online privacy but easily give it away.
People worry about pollution, but that's under control, too.
People worry about poor women being exploited, selling their wombs for a few thousand bucks.
People worry about potential risks that sound logical, given their understanding of the science.
People worry about recruitment and want to know what to do about it all the time.
People worry about ruining other people s holidays.
People worry about school safety along with teacher salaries and class sizes.
People worry about that.
People worry about the effect on children of two thousand acts of murder on TV every half hour.
People worry about the lack of feeling of letdown.
People worry about the values their kids are getting in school and from the tube.
People worry about their jobs, even amid general prosperity and low unemployment.
People worry about traffic jams in the sky.
People worry about what kind of wine to cook with.
People worry about WHY a lot.
People worry because of their incomplete viewpoints.
People worry more about basics being cheap than they do about education or housing, etc.
People worry so much about form and structure.
People worry so much about their property that they forget about what's really important.
People worry that cookies waste precious disk space.
People worry that the business aspect of medicine threatens to overpower the human element.
People worry that the human genome is too simple.
People worry that the pollution caused by the tourists is endangering the dolphins.
People worry the most about potentially toxic chemicals and metals in water.
People worry to much.
People worry when they have no control over their future.
People worry, get depressed, have trouble sleeping.
People worry, more than ever, about disease, global warming and so on.
People worse off than before, impoverished and looking elsewhere for answers and escape.
People worship and put offerings in the shrine when the inmates of the village fall ill.
People worship history.
People worship in accordance to the best of their abilities at the time.
People worship many things.
People worship money, worship power, worship family ties, worship self, worship worldly pleasure.
People worship safety.
People worship specific gods in specific situations and for specific problems.
People worship the beast.
People worship the big strike.
People worship the devil the dragon.
People worship the ground they walk on, particularly when it's for sale.
People wouldn t drop out.
People wouldn t stand for bank statements that give an approximate balance.
People wouldn t tolerate having to reboot their televisions or telephones.
People wove fabric for their clothing from both the cotton plant and Maguey.
People wrap themselves in the flag and wear it to religious services.
People wrestle in the mud.
People write a famous name on a piece of paper and pin it on someone else's back.
People write a personal diary, because they feel free with the diary.
People write about an artist or movie they like, and the reasons why.
People write about what they know best, and readers respond to that wherever they happen to live.
People write about young people hanging around on the streets and so on.
People write about, sing about serious subjects.
People write advocacy letters and encourage their representatives to examine the situation in Iraq.
People write all day.
People write and edit the stories.
People write and sing and dance and dream about it.
People write and speak as if technology in education is a unique new danger for the next millennium.
People write angry letters and e-mail.
People write back and say it's wonderful, very helpful and useful.
People write because the best, the bravest and the highest goal of human beings is to create anew.
People write because they are members of a community, hoping to influence others by what they say.
People write books about how to become millionaires too.
People write books and sing songs about the stuff.
People write books as acts of revenge.
People write books for different reasons.
People write books in which they speculate.
People write books with outrageous statements to push buttons and make money.
People write comments on the bounce-back cards from CDs, putting personal notes on the bottom.
People write differently, use different methods.
People write dirty stories all the time.
People write down what they hear, and that makes the spelling vulnerable to the speaker's accent.
People write exponentiation with upper index.
People write fan fiction for a many different book, television series or movie fandoms.
People write far fewer letters now.
People write for different reasons.
People write for many reasons.
People write for one of three audiences.
People write from the heart, but they also have an ear for rhythm and an eye for strong imagery.
People write from their own experience.
People write home to their families.
People write illegibly.
People write in about various problems with their struggle against depression.
People write in and say they have had dreams.
People write in every day.
People write in or call and are so excited when they get a product.
People write in the forum daily, and questions are answered by both amputees and prosthetists.
People write in to obtain their copy of the Bible.
People write in with their own breakfast stories.
People write introductory and conclusion paragraphs differently.
People write joke haiku about art, music, current events, and many other different subjects.
People write law review articles about the stiffness of their hair.
People write law-review articles about the stiffness of their hair.
People write letters as if they are selling toothpaste or hair dryers to consumers.
People write messages about topics of interest.
People write messages which are sent and displayed on the computer screen.
People write novels and compose music together all the time.
People write off Writers.
People write on an imaginary line on which the core of each word of the line resides.
People write on paper, and books are made of paper.
People write on what they like to write about, in their own little niches.
People write postcards and other types of letters for genuine, communicative purposes.
People write screenplays for the same reasons they buy a lottery ticket.
People write short letters about themselves.
People write short, boring, contentless scenes in movies.
People write standards first, then look for problems to solve with the standards.
People write such personal things, such inner thoughts.
People write the code.
People write the computer programs, or instructions, that tell robots what to do.
People write the craziest stuff.
People write the diaries from a variety or social backgrounds, who lived all across the country.
People write their addresses in pencil and wonder at their strange existence.
People write to a single address, and that message then gets distributed to everyone on the list.
People write to get at the universal meaning of life.
People write verses to that song all the time.
People write weblogs to express their humanity.
People write without ever reading.
People writing menu-dialogue games, take note.
People wrongly believe they'll be seen as weak, a failure, even crazy.
People wrongly confuse being neat with being organized.
People yawn and continue moving.
People yearn for an alternative to that monopoly.
People yearn for community.
People yearn for lost Soviet welfare and stability.
People yearn for peace, freedom, equity and community.
People yearn for something special.
People yearn for that personal touch.
People yearn for the biblically based moral moorings at the heart of our common life.
People yearn to be heard and understood.
People yearn to be strategists because they perceive tacticians as less powerful and less important.
People yearn to find that special someone with whom to create a life and family.
People yearn to make a difference through the gospel.
People yearn to return to their green roots.
People yell a lot on that show.
People yell at each other inside libraries.
People yell at the movie, dance, throw rice, it's nuts.
People yelling at each other and name calling is fun.
People zigzagging down side-walks are specks, obliterated with a pinch.
People zone out about that.
Peoples appetite also changes.
Peoples are as diverse as the geography.
Peoples are experts at serving the special needs of industrial and commercial customers.
Peoples are over and over again asserting their own destinies.
Peoples are petro.
Peoples are very superstitious about dates.
Peoples become completely dependent on agribusiness and speculators.
Peoples covers some travelers from around the world, including island peoples.
Peoples die in order to protect their symbols from desecration and profanation and ridicule.
Peoples drink liquids.
Peoples face tradeoffs.
Peoples First views businesses as an extension of their owners.
Peoples First views businesses as extensions of their owners.
Peoples have a name they call themselves.
Peoples is a full-service natural gas distribution company.
Peoples is a third-generation native son, born and raised in Butte.
Peoples is as good as Indian food in Pittsburgh gets.
Peoples is peoples.
Peoples is the only independent financial institution headquartered in Troy, Ohio.
Peoples is the state's largest distributor of natural gas.
Peoples likes and dislikes constantly change.
Peoples lives change in many ways over the years.
Peoples living in various lands around the globe each speak their own particular language.
Peoples needs change.
Peoples orders the tickets.
People's out for their own selves.
Peoples perspective regarding history and how it relates to current events.
Peoples setup the next goal by the 'Cats as well.
Peoples struggling for freedom who strictly adhere to non-violence are rare today.
Peoples suffering from colonialism have the full right to freedom and self-determination.
Peoples unite against the common foe.
People always act and look more natural in their own homes or yards.
People always act as if semantic issues are nothing but ridiculous quibbles.
People always appreciate help when it comes to breathing.
People always are willing to seize power to control and exploit others.
People always ask a lot of questions about carving tops.
People always ask about emergencies.
People always ask about the sign.
People always ask about the time.
People always ask authors where they get their ideas.
People always ask for a discount in shops, except at food shops.
People always ask for the recipe.
People always ask how have things changed with success and in a lot of ways nothing has.
People always ask how to set the number of digits after the decimal place.
People always ask if dance is a Scriptural form of worship.
People always ask if major account selling is a selling position or a managing position.
People always ask if that adds any sort of extra burden or pressure to the team.
People always ask that, and some are offended by the answer.
People always ask the same inane questions.
People always ask to hold Logan.
People always ask what fees are charged.
People always ask what is a 'reading group' or 'book club'.
People always ask what it is, and when they find out they can get it, they try it for themselves.
People always ask what the delightful white flowered vine is.
People always ask what the difference is, and that was the best way to find out.
People always ask whether entrepreneurship can be taught.
People always ask whether the children understood, and what effect it had on the.
People always ask writers where they get their ideas.
People always assume that 'authentic' means good.
People always assume that blondes have more fun.
People always assume that.
People always bear some marks of their origin.
People always believe it s with sour cream but surprise, it is just the flour.
People always believe what they want to believe.
People always bitchin and complaining.
People always bring about separation.
People always call a debate civil when they mean useless.
People always call it being sick.
People always catch fish during the upstream walleye migrations, before the fish spawn.
People always chat with their hairdressers.
People always choose the best combination of plan costs, features, and service.
People always clap for the wrong things.
People always come back stronger and better.
People always come back to romance.
People always come first.
People always come forward to volunteer.
People always come from far and near to honor their loved ones and to talk of the good old days.
People always come here to fight.
People always come in with preconceptions.
People always come through.
People always comment in an admirin' way.
People always comment on how bitter it is, but in a pie, that's a different story.
People always comment on the variety and price of our constantly turning merchandice.
People always comment that practicing in a group increases the effectiveness of the methods.
People always comment.
People always complain that philosophers are obsessed with words, and there is some truth in that.
People always complain.
People always confuse 'writing the standard' with 'making people change their code or server'.
People always demand more.
People always desire a connection with love.
People always devise stealthy ways to survive under authoritarian rulers.
People always dislike change or what they know nothing about.
People always do seem to be a problem for social theories.
People always do well with simple rather than complex foods at events.
People always do what they want to do, or if that is impossible, what they dislike doing the least.
People always do.
People always dream of getting transported into another world.
People always dress to be ready for rain or wind .
People always dress to be ready for rain or wind.
People always eat all kinds of foods.
People always eat chocolates and utilities are a defensive play.
People always end up getting screwed.
People always enjoy the misadventures of the dive team.
People always expect an answer to questions they ask neighborhood dogs.
People always expect good work from someone they like.
People always expect new media to duplicate old.
People always expect someone else to fix things.
People always face problems with flash photos.
People always fall through the cracks.
People always fear novelty and they hate to change unless they're forced to do so.
People always feel brave when their latest experience is a big win.
People always feel it is time to socialize.
People always feel safe singing at home because they think they are in a world of their own.
People always feel strongly about drivers.
People always feel that their competence is coming into question, that they're losing control.
People always feel uneasy about change.
People always find a spot.
People always find it easier to show how they're feeling rather then to talk about it.
People always find it necessary to classify one.
People always find it surprisingly easy to catch up with fifty years of technological progress.
People always find the time, energy and money for the things they consider important.
People always focus on the negative and never the positive, especially the media.
People always forget it's just entertainment.
People always forget to put things in network byte order before streaming data.
People always get real scared and either pass-out or drop their babies.
People always get the same boring questions.
People always get their hopes up.
People always get up and look around while the commercials are on.
People always go for a delicious pan.
People always go into fishing trips expecting to catch fish.
People always go there.
People always have a choice.
People always have a knee-jerk reaction to any tax.
People always have a lot to say, and they say it fast.
People always have a preference for how and where they buy products and receive services.
People always have bully stories to tell.
People always have choices - some harder than others.
People always have connections.
People always have good reasons for hating it and loving it.
People always have problems downloading software.
People always have questions about the ice sculptures.
People always have that misconception.
People always have the ability to make their ow n choices.
People always have the misconception that learning can come later.
People always have their heads down in a hole.
People always have their own motives for opening up to reporters.
People always have time to protest any new laws that seriously affect our lives.
People always have to eat.
People always have.
People always hear about a mom on welfare or dropping out of school.
People always hope for the shortcuts to health.
People always identify with others.
People always inquire.
People always know the truth.
People always know what they DON'T want in their lives, based on their own experiences.
People always know when they feel comfortable with, and can trust a true professional.
People always like different things.
People always like new and creative ideas, so don t imitate others and be self-confident.
People always like their efforts to be recognized and appreciated.
People always like to be appreciated.
People always like to feel welcome wherever they are.
People always like to know that they are recognized and appreciated.
People always like to make up humorous top-ten lists.
People always live in ethical relationships with each other, and as members of communities.
People always loathe their rulers for destroying their country.
People always look and always make comments.
People always look for better quality of life.
People always look for efficiencies, as do entrepreneurs in a competitive market.
People always look for someone to give a push , either by money, or connections, or both.
People always look for themselves first in a group picture.
People always look out for their best interests and they make conscious decisions.
People always look SO surprised and very happy.
People always look to countries like Cameroon, Ghana and Nigeria.
People always look to pick on the people who have better than themselves.
People always look to see what California is doing.
People always love an opportunity to see the forces of good triumph over the dark side.
People always love to talk about deals.
People always make a mistake in assuming that masks limit an actor's expression.
People always make jokes about crooked politicians.
People always matter most.
People always matter.
People always migrate to a land they perceive to be better than their own.
People always milk tricks off of each other.
People always misunderstand.
People always move in the direction of their mind.
People always object to justification by faith on that ground.
People always overlook that.
People always point of the sex workers to take responsibility.
People always prefer to pay tomorrow rather than today.
People always progress.
People always question their ability to master the new.
People always rationalize their research with a statement of the usefulness of the, e.g., material.
People always realize their actual goals.
People always refer to it.
People always remark how lovely our trees are.
People always remember the food and the beauty of the bride.
People always remember the neat and unusual gifts that they receive.
People always remember the negative stuff more than they do the positive.
People always respond best when the leaders are also responding.
People always risk pain when they care about someone.
People always say business is about people doing business with people.
People always say erhu is very sad.
People always say 'hi' and smile when passing by.
People always say it goes up.
People always say it's over.
People always say Life is full of choices.
People always say nice things.
People always say that art is non-functional.
People always say that at the end of a long list of things.
People always say that children are our most valuable asset, our future.
People always say that European procedures are complicated and slow.
People always say that grass in green.
People always say that hard work never killed anybody.
People always say that Hunan people singing very nice, that is true.
People always say that one good meal deserves another.
People always say that so much money spoils one's life.
People always say that sports records are meant to be broken.
People always say that there are tremendous opportunities in Asia.
People always say that video directors have a fast pace.
People always say that.
People always say the players are ruining the game of baseball.
People always say there is no place to put affordable housing.
People always say to do one good deed a day.
People always say to use salicylic acid products to prevent clogged pores.
People always say X, but they're wrong.
People always say, Oh yeah, that was on the soundtrack album.
People always say, 'There's always next year,' but that's a long time away.
People always search for meaning in an unfamiliar space.
People always search for underlying causes, particularly enduring dispositions.
People always see first novels as autobiographical and that is certainly an impulse in writing.
People always seek to minimize the content on paper without sacrificing the communication.
People always seem a little confused about what .NET is exactly.
People always seem expendable when it comes to profits.
People always seem so relaxed and happy playing with dogs.
People always seem surprised to see a kayak in it's natural element.
People always seem to be in a hurry to do things with horses.
People always seem to be in search of one or the other.
People always seem to be late or in a rush.
People always seem to be looking for a simple way to solve our problems in education.
People always seem to be so interested in how much fact there is in fiction.
People always seem to connect bodybuilding with performance enhancers.
People always seem to have some funny sounds for the operation of their computer.
People always seem to like the white ones They never care for blue or green.
People always seem to mistake the presence of angels for something else.
People always seem to question alternative choices.
People always seem to want to patent ideas.
People always set themselves shortterm goals and never think about the longterm consequences.
People always shake hands with a guest of honor.
People always shop around.
People always sit facing the table.
People always smile at our son.
People always speak about the car market as a mature market - that everyone already has their car.
People always speak in terms of the Chinese market suddenly mushrooming.
People always stand behind headlines.
People always stand in line in every shop waiting for their turn to order.
People always stare.
People always stop to watch.
People always strive to be the best, and most of the time it's attempted through re-assurance.
People always suffer.
People always take a step away.
People always talk about audiences being so smart.
People always talk about baggage being a bad thing.
People always talk about bananas curing cramps because of the potassium.
People always talk about books imitating manuscripts.
People always talk about closure.
People always talk about competition in terms of winners and losers.
People always talk about how cliche anime has become and how unoriginal things are.
People always talk about how friendly our servers are.
People always talk about increasing their skill level for a rainy day.
People always talk about needing some good brain food.
People always talk about seasonal depression in a kind of folksy, almost comical way.
People always talk about struggling in basketball.
People always talk about that.
People always talk about the future in a very chrome-dome minimalist way.
People always talk about the red nose of an alcoholic.
People always talk about the Sack of Rome like it was a big deal.
People always talk about the trouble with the 'youth of our country'.
People always talk about tribes at a certain time, but never about tribes changing through time.
People always talk gross and work in net.
People always tell new artists to just make a demo.
People always tend to ask for more and better health care services as society gets more affluent.
People always tend to associate with others of similar views.
People always tend to like the old better and they'll turn down a new one.
People always tend to want to hide their mistakes.
People always think it's obscene.
People always think New York is a character in the books.
People always think notable means more than what it actually is.
People always think of Africa as hot.
People always think of band and acting when they think of arts and humanities.
People always think of technology as something having silicon in it.
People always think something's all true.
People always think that at first.
People always think that it is a pager.
People always think that revolution is a boiling up from below.
People always think the market is overvalued.
People always think they have to be better than the next person.
People always think they have to be the richest or the brightest.
People always think they want to know the future.
People always think, when they meet someone famous, that they'll be different, or stand-offish.
People always try to do a section a little bit faster than is necessary.
People always try to get more and more.
People always try to protect their investment.
People always try to save money in the short run, but in the long run they're spending big bucks.
People always use China as their argument about how the world is overpopulated.
People always use conventional methods to avoid pregnancy, such as condom or prophylactic.
People always visit.
People always vote based on self-interest.
People always wake faster when they hear their name called.
People always walk away from the gigs impressed by the guitar playing.
People always wonder about tuition.
People always wonder how far an eagle travels in a single day.
People always wonder how many butterflies they're actually seeing.
People always wonder how two people can make art.
People always wonder what a white guy is doing in an all-Asian theatre group.
People always wonder what makes a successful marriage.
People always wonder why people go out and sell drugs.
People frequently agree to serve a number of years but they do it in one year increments.
People frequently ask how to identify symptoms of anorexia nervosa and bulimia.
People frequently ask skaters to leave.
People frequently ask whether it's worth upgrading a given application.
People frequently ask why it is that so many names are registered under .pn.
People frequently assume that what the media presents is truth.
People frequently assume that wireless LANs are computer networks for office applications.
People frequently avoid empathic listening because they perceive it as a risk.
People frequently avoid going to health centres.
People frequently buy junk food just because it looks delicious or because it looks cute.
People frequently buy the neighborhood first, and the house second.
People frequently call socialism a religion.
People frequently change partners, so it is fun to go alone or with others.
People frequently complain of low back pain while executing abdominal exercises.
People frequently confuse between knowledge and experience.
People frequently confuse meadow mice with moles, shrews and pine mice.
People frequently develop asthma while stationed here.
People frequently die of illnesses .
People frequently discover where the process overlaps, where there are real bottlenecks.
People frequently discuss the qualities of torch fishermen.
People frequently do almost all of the support work required by their jobs.
People frequently do.
People frequently drop change while fumbling for it in their pocket.
People frequently enhance their appearance or health through the use of other medical technology.
People frequently experience comprehending for the first time the reason why they began using drugs.
People frequently feel they want to end a relationship but are confused.
People frequently find the preparation worse than the test.
People frequently fly in the face of the rules of clave.
People frequently gasp in wonderment at some of the things being enjoyed by their friends on stage.
People frequently go back and forth.
People frequently have many jobs . . .
People frequently identify with an authority figure like the boss.
People frequently ignore swimming pool signs concerning possible dangers.
People frequently joke about snoring, but it can be a serious matter.
People frequently manifest petty attitudes, foolish behavior and mean-spirited communication.
People frequently resist the idea of articulating clear goals for their other life roles.
People frequently rotate on and off different types of insurance as life factors change.
People frequently search for used DVDs.
People frequently see familiar shapes in otherwise random images, such as the 'man in the moon'.
People frequently see osteoarthritis as being a progressive and disabling disease.
People frequently seek unnecessary treatment and avoid necessary health examinations.
People frequently suffer the same fate, especially on beaches and golf courses.
People frequently tailor their questions to what they think the library can supply.
People frequently take food to their work space and forget to return the paraphernalia.
People frequently team up, pool their equipment, and share harvested wood to reduce equipment costs.
People frequently tend to regard conflict as something to be avoided.
People frequently think of themselves and other people as purposive, proactive, and self-organizing.
People frequently transfer sexual needs into the compulsive work, for example.
People frequently trust, learn, act, and make judgments based on subjective evidence.
People frequently try, unsuccessfully, to cry out.
People frequently underestimate how much effort it takes to sustain something.
People frequently use topographic maps when hiking.
People frequently visit the archive to find out about relatives' Mines attendance.
People frequently vote in terms of short-run issues, especially visible ones.
People frequently watch TV and eat in the same room for example.
People frequently write and ask why their post was deleted.
People often accept changes more readily if they have a voice in the process.
People often act as if they deserve all they get, or good is taken for granted.
People often act friendly on the surface while being prejudiced on the inside.
People often act in a certain way because their friends do.
People often act out of a grab bag of motives.
People often act, eat, and exercise as their parents and siblings do.
People often add stones or symbols to their dream catchers to increase their power.
People often answer the telephone incorrectly.
People often answer their own phone when they stay late.
People often apologize first or put themselves down.
People often appeal directly to the spirits for favours or protection.
People often appear slimmer and feel more balanced.
People often appreciate a reality check from time to time.
People often are concerned about the safety of using insect repellents on young children.
People often are forced into writing by some personal crisis, later the writing becomes a journal.
People often are frustrating.
People often are hesitant.
People often are imprecise about what was said, making investigations difficult.
People often are most susceptible to their triggers after a period of strict dieting.
People often are quite tight-lipped and keep questions to themselves, without getting any feedback.
People often are surprised at what they can accomplish when they put their minds to it.
People often are surprised to learn how much they can enhance their mobility through change.
People often are unwilling to make purchases on the Internet because of concerns about returns.
People often are.
People often aren t informed enough to know that they re practicing nursing.
People often arrive at it on their own and it comes up in schools ad hoc.
People often arrive at the division's offices unprepared.
People often arrive at the passing out stage without experiencing the blind drunk stage at all.
People often ask about how to find envelope stuffing work.
People often ask about the ban, how it happened and how it was undone.
People often ask about the best time of day to exercise.
People often ask about the craft of producing audio documentaries.
People often ask about the difference between psychology and psychiatry.
People often ask about the difference between toadstools and mushrooms.
People often ask about the history of individual homes.
People often ask about the name.
People often ask about the seemingly strange placement of some resources.
People often ask about using wood burning units, but they become impractical with labor needs.
People often ask about what are the most common complications of methamphetamine abuse.
People often ask biologists when the rut is going to occur.
People often ask for a list of differences between NetBSD and other freely available unix systems.
People often ask for alternatives to spanking.
People often ask for guidelines concerning dana.
People often ask how decisions are made regarding school delays and closures.
People often ask how long a homestudy takes.
People often ask how long they have to take medications.
People often ask how our lift service works.
People often ask how the author keeps up with all the changes in technology.
People often ask how they can help support our research efforts.
People often ask how they can help to support our research efforts.
People often ask how they can support their children to ensure they excel.
People often ask how to go about finding their totem.
People often ask how to measure setbacks, or where they can build a shed.
People often ask if additives in the stand can prolong the life of displayed trees.
People often ask if butterflies are important pollinators.
People often ask if it is hard to come up with ideas for columns on a weekly basis.
People often ask if it is hard to let go.
People often ask if our agency investigates hacker crimes.
People often ask if the dose of their medication is high or low.
People often ask if their skiing ability is compatible to that of others in the group.
People often ask if there is a compositional difference between aa and pahoehoe lava.
People often ask if there is a list of known bugs or whether a particular bug is a known one.
People often ask if there was a plan for Silicon Valley and the answer is, No.
People often ask if they can commit the unpardonable sin.
People often ask if they can commit the unpardonable Sin.
People often ask if they can have a polyurethane finish.
People often ask if they can use a voltage ladder to drop the voltage.
People often ask ministers to play two roles at once.
People often ask policemen the way.
People often ask that question, and there's a simple answer.
People often ask the difference between a moped and an electric bike.
People often ask the difference between folk and singer-songwriters.
People often ask to see example of our fonts in use.
People often ask what age or grade level our scripts are written for.
People often ask what all the file formats are all about.
People often ask what happens to the animals afterward.
People often ask what is the difference between saddle and neck hackle.
People often ask what job opportunities become available from obtaining training in women's studies.
People often ask what married life is like as a grad student .
People often ask what programming language to use on the web.
People often ask what small sugar globules can do for a sick body.
People often ask what the CPA exam seminar workbook is like.
People often ask what the main differences are between charter schools and other public schools.
People often ask what the name of our event means.
People often ask what to do about glass over wet wood stringers.
People often ask what to do about their fish and aquaria while on vacation.
People often ask when to come.
People often ask where our name comes from.
People often ask where science fiction writers get their ideas.
People often ask which is better and there is no right answer.
People often ask which is the best resolution to scan Web images.
People often ask which model is faster.
People often ask who is going to pay for genetic counseling .
People often ask who the top fundraisers are and how much they raise.
People often ask why an accountant and a developmental psychologist are working together.
People often ask why e-business is such a big deal.
People often ask why there are so many fellowships and how they differ.
People often ask why there is a hole at the top of the seam.
People often asks about their pets in spirit.
People often assemble on the knolls before sunrise, and linger into the darkness.
People often assign the blame to a slow network within their building.
People often associate a drop in sexual vitality with men, but it's just as much an issue for women.
People often associate a work first strategy with job search.
People often associate and confuse sleep apnoea with snoring.
People often associate Blues with sadness, loneliness, lost love.
People often associate it with telephone technology, since that's how they connect via modem.
People often associate log homes with being dark.
People often associate melanoma with large, irregular spots on the skin.
People often associate salmonella with reptiles.
People often associate the jingles with key moments in their lives.
People often associate with people like themselves.
People often assume an ad without a price means the price is too high.
People often assume something is wrong with the system.
People often assume that history students are limited to teaching careers after graduation.
People often assume that information provided on the Internet is the most current available.
People often assume that Internet communications provide a high level of security.
People often assume that means psychism.
People often assume that scientists are in the business of trying to prove hypotheses or theories.
People often assume that the heart has changed when they see changes in the outward appearance.
People often assume that the newest and latest is the best.
People often assume that to evolve a new structure requires new code.
People often assume that usability testing costs a great deal of money.
People often assume that when the economy is strong, so also is business formation.
People often assume that when waste is disposed of, it's no longer their problem.
People often assume the dogs are young Greyhounds.
People often assume they know how to write because they know how to speak.
People often attempt rescues without proper equipment and become victims, too.
People often attempt to repair tears with pressure sensitive tapes or glues.
People often attribute human characteristics and features to similar looking objects.
People often attribute things to the legacy of slavery, for instance.
People often auction off CD-ROMs they no longer want.
People often auction their old needles in lots at very good prices.
People often avoid change.
People often bear the ultimate responsibility for system operation.
People often become attached to their cars.
People often become comfortable within sexual patterns after being together for several years.
People often become confused and forgetful at edges.
People often become depressed, nervous, or even turn to alcohol or drugs to take away the pain.
People often become distracted by their phone and run into things a lot.
People often become ill after eating contaminated poultry.
People often become isolated during hurricanes.
People often become less active as they age, and their appetites can decrease in consequence.
People often become lost within the structure .
People often begin searching online before they are sure of what they are looking for.
People often begin to delete one item after another, trying to find the cause of problems.
People often begin with a design idea rather than a key message.
People often behave badly in groups but warm up when culled from the herd.
People often behave very differently from what they say they do.
People often believe normal passage of gas to be excessive.
People often believe that animal manure is harmless, but in truth it can be quite hazardous.
People often believe that sugar is off-limits for people with diabetes.
People often believe that there is no pattern or consistency to their eating habits.
People often believe that they can save their souls by doing good.
People often believe there is no solution to their chimney problem.
People often believe what they believe for some good reason.
People often belong to more than one team at the same time.
People often bend over backward trying to jolly a child out of a bad mood.
People often blame murder, thief, drugs, and other crimes on people social and economic standards.
People often blame smokers for causing their own lung cancer.
People often blame the educational system for many of the problems plaguing today's children.
People often blame the faults or the wrongdoings of their dogs on the breed instincts.
People often blame the victim.
People often borrow, also, in order to pay for college.
People often bottle up their anger to the point of exploding or becoming depressed.
People often break up continuous stimuli into arbitrary discrete categories.
People often breathe through their mouths when they are short of breath.
People often bring wreaths made of poppies to Remembrance Day ceremonies .
People often bring wreaths made of poppies to Remembrance Day ceremonies.
People often burn trees to make and sell charcoal for a living.
People often buy a dog on impulse or for their children.
People often buy a dog on impulse without realizing the time and effort required to care to it.
People often buy a lot of equipment and subsequently get lost.
People often buy flowers from businesses called florists.
People often buy furniture from the previous residents of various apartments.
People often buy juice that really isn t juice at all.
People often buy stocks they're comfortable and familiar with, like an old pair of shoes.
People often buy the maximum amount of home they can afford.
People often buy timesharing vacations on impulse.
People often call a beetle a BUG .
People often call animal control because a stray or injured animal has wandered onto their property.
People often call it simply .
People often call other meateating animals carnivores, too.
People often call pest-control companies to rid their house of geckos.
People often calm down just knowing they have been heard.
People often camp in the caves, and leave large amounts of rubbish lying around.
People often can be disruptive in a classroom setting because they crave attention.
People often can find prices lower than even the lowest street prices by shopping around online.
People often can t bring themselves to talk about homicide.
People often celebrate festivals of religions other than their own.
People often celebrate on the date they got married each year, on their wedding anniversary .
People often celebrate outdoors by having picnics.
People often celebrate the new year in with family and friends.
People often celebrate their birthdays in the park.
People often change careers because they discover a new passion in their life.
People often change for other people.
People often change radically, the marriage 'contract' is broken and neither knows what to do.
People often change their email accounts for various reasons.
People often change their lives radically.
People often change their minds about treatment when close to death.
People often change their religion.
People often check in to hotels in the movies, so they are a good source of language models.
People often choose our beautiful Ranch setting for their own relaxation and retreat.
People often choose the comfort of known misery to the discomfort of unfamiliar uncertainty.
People often choose the first word they see when working on the computer.
People often choose the wrong categories when listing items for sale.
People often choose their spouse or other close family member to be their Agent.
People often choose to let go of their language in favor of assimilation.
People often choose to relocate when they retire.
People often claim that ethical business is good business, but nobody has had hard numbers before.
People often claim that Norway is a small country.
People often claim that their dispute is l shem shamaim.
People often claim that there is some kind of publicity bonus in having big time sports.
People often claim that they have no imagination.
People often claim they are floated out a window or through a wall.
People often coexist with others who share different beliefs , traditions and customs .
People often coexist with others who share different beliefs, traditions and customs.
People often collect wild leeks for the edible leaves and bulbs.
People often combine foods.
People often combine which and whereis .
People often come across plains zebra in zoos and circuses.
People often come back looking for something they saw earlier and find it's gone.
People often come because they have a physical pain.
People often come for that alone.
People often come full of anxiety and tension.
People often come here just to see that green, surrounded by white buildings.
People often come here to relax and enjoy the views.
People often come to consider a buy-sell agreement when they are putting together an estate plan.
People often come to contemplative groups seeking some kind of healing, too.
People often come to lawyers in times of great crisis and grief.
People often come to podiatrists with foot pain.
People often come to the Northern Territory to advance their careers or start a business.
People often comment as well on our music programs.
People often comment on how friendly and approachable our people are.
People often comment on how nice it is.
People often comment on the delightful nature of their bright, daylit interior.
People often comment on the interesting range of items for sale in the shop.
People often comment on the light bars seen on many of the newer patrol cars.
People often comment that 'it feels good in here'.
People often comment that the feeling is unfamiliar but pleasant and relaxing.
People often comment that they've never ridden in such a solid vehicle.
People often comment to cancer patients that they look good.
People often compare looking through the black mesh to looking through dark sunglasses.
People often compare the action of the refracting atmosphere to that of a prism .
People often compensate for a minimal level of hearing loss and do so fairly successfully.
People often complain about how newspapers always harping on the negative.
People often complain about it being a low-paying field whose professionals receive little respect.
People often complain about lacking time to accomplish many tasks.
People often complain about little things, which are really unimportant in the long run.
People often complain about rudeness and sometimes rightly so.
People often complain about the high cost of legal practitioners' services.
People often complain about the offensive and lingering smell left in a room inhabited by smokers.
People often complain about their lack of time.
People often complain of a, 'crawling' sensation in the skin.
People often complain of Chinese restaurant syndrome, but think about it for a minute.
People often complain of straggling leaves as flowers fade.
People often complain of tiredness, dwindling strength, and lack of energy.
People often complain that such a course of study is too vague and impractical.
People often complain that the prices in such establishments are prohibitively high.
People often complain that their car is overheated in the summer.
People often conceal their true nature, projecting a false image.
People often conceive of defense in terms of controversy.
People often conclude, incorrectly, that to recognize a feeling and to act accordingly are the same.
People often confide in their accountant to a greater extent than they do in their doctor.
People often confuse a labyrinth with a maze that has numerous paths, many of which lead nowhere.
People often confuse a yam with a sweet potato .
People often confuse alpacas with llamas.
People often confuse anger and violence.
People often confuse apes and monkeys.
People often confuse being sad or melancholy with depression.
People often confuse cement with concrete.
People often confuse coconut milk with coconut water.
People often confuse colds and flu, but the symptoms are different.
People often confuse cut with the shape of a diamond.
People often confuse delivery mechanism with learning.
People often confuse demand with quantity demanded.
People often confuse directories and search engines, thinking that they are the same.
People often confuse earwigs, silverfish, and firebrats.
People often confuse energy, power, and force.
People often confuse fixed and pegged exchange rates.
People often confuse hypnotizes with gullibility.
People often confuse marketing with advertising and sales.
People often confuse mass and weight.
People often confuse mass with weight.
People often confuse one with the other.
People often confuse pericarditis with a heart attack because the symptoms are similar.
People often confuse pocket gopher mounds with mole mounds.
People often confuse powers of attorney with powers of appointment.
People often confuse sea lions and harbor seals.
People often confuse self-publishing with vanity publishing.
People often confuse sheet music with printed music .
People often confuse sheet music with printed music.
People often confuse sleet with hail.
People often confuse supply with quantity supplied .
People often confuse the baitfish, especially since they do resemble each other.
People often confuse the copperhead with the non-poisonous Eastern Milk Snake.
People often confuse the forest game enterprises with PNAs.
People often confuse the idea of a scale and a response scale.
People often confuse the inheritability of depression with actually having the disease.
People often confuse the obsessed with a fan boy.
People often confuse the processes of mitosis and meiosis.
People often confuse the terminology and sometimes the technologies.
People often confuse the terms breathing and respiration.
People often confuse the terms humid and heat when talking about what they are feeling.
People often confuse the terms race and ethnicity.
People often confuse the two documents but they really do have different purposes.
People often confuse the verbs founder and flounder.
People often confuse traditions rooted in local culture with religious requirements.
People often confuse two notices they receive for IEPs.
People often confuse voting to end discussion with voting on the motion itself.
People often confuse what is meant by random selection with the idea of random assignment.
People often confuse where security risks are.
People often confuse winged termites with ants, which often swarm at the same time of year.
People often conjure up an image of cactus and a few other tough succulents.
People often consider it a holy number.
People often consider marketing to be the same as advertising.
People often consider shareware to be lesser software.
People often cook meat by boiling, roasting or grilling it.
People often correlate regular depression with bipolar depression.
People often crave chocolate when they're sad or depressed.
People often crawl part of the way.
People often create oxbow lakes.
People often create pages with many unnecessary images.
People often create pages with unnecessary images, resulting in a busy layout that is hard to read.
People often create pages with unnecessary images.
People often criticize action movies for being heavy on special effects and thin on plot.
People often criticize elementary and secondary schools for demanding too little of students.
People often damage trees with string trimmers and mowers.
People often deceive themselves about their level of involvement in coercive groups.
People often decide the dates in accordance with the Buddhist calendar.
People often decide to buy a horse because someone they know has one.
People often decide to eat differently for health reasons.
People often defend themselves against adverse job situations by emotionally withdrawing.
People often delay or spend inadequate time planning their personal legal affairs.
People often delete messages without subject headings.
People often deny, or challenge, history.
People often describe alcoholism as a disease.
People often describe cataract as 'looking through a chiffon scarf'.
People often describe feeling distant, alone, and isolated.
People often describe Soul experience with abstract metaphors.
People often describe tension headaches as feeling like a tight band is encircling their head.
People often describe the therapy relationship as 'unequal'.
People often describe their computers as an extension of their minds or personalities.
People often design ads to look clever or cute or creative.
People often develop a blotchy sunburn from spots missed with sunscreen lotions.
People often develop a fear of falling.
People often develop liver cancer before they develop cirrhosis.
People often develop what are called anxiety disorders.
People often die at night, for some reason.
People often disagree about what is successful or unsuccessful in a poem.
People often disagree with one another.
People often disagree.
People often discount the risk of getting sunburned on cloudy or overcast days.
People often discriminate against others based on clothing.
People often discuss religion and moral issues at work or in social situations.
People often discuss what the art critic has said or written .
People often discuss what the art critic has said or written.
People often disguise their motives.
People often dislocate their shoulder.
People often dismiss heart attack symptoms as indigestion.
People often distrust advertising.
People often do a good deed without hope of reward, but for an evil deed they always demand payment.
People often do buy on impulse.
People often do change, but in their own manner and in their own time.
People often do extra reading.
People often do lose weight.
People often do so, primarily because they have had no training otherwise.
People often do the same with relationships.
People often do their most creative thinking during problem-solving discussions with others.
People often do things and when questioned about it, they blame it on others.
People often don t understand an issue until everything falls apart.
People often draw up a plan before embarking on a large project.
People often dread the idea of nursing homes, but it sometimes becomes necessary.
People often dread writing a synopsis.
People often drill into the water table with wells to get drinking water.
People often drink to relax, to gain confidence, or to be at ease in social situations.
People often drive too fast in the curve and ignore the warning signs.
People often drive without giving much thought to the what they are doing.
People often ease their pain with exercise, weight loss, and proper posture.
People often eat in their courtyard in the warm summer evenings.
People often eat it in processed foods such as cakes and chocolate .
People often eat it in processed foods such as cakes and chocolate.
People often eat it with kinako or anmitsu.
People often eat too much fat.
People often emerge from the wilderness refreshed, with a sense of renewal and clarity.
People often encounter difficulties that come in the form of social and physical barriers.
People often encounter young animals who appear to be wounded or abandoned in the spring.
People often end up in places far different from their original plans, both better and worse.
People often engage in a profession or hobby to gain recognition.
People often enjoy shapes, colors and sounds, too.
People often enjoy talking about themselves, their work and giving advice.
People often enjoy working as a team toward common goal.
People often enter that profession from a wide variety of different backgrounds.
People often enter the area for recreational purposes and to pick blackberries that grow there.
People often equate attractiveness with thinness, especially in women.
People often exclude most of the world from their lives.
People often exercise too much without giving themselves enough rest in between workouts.
People often expect an overnight cure for what they consider behavioral problems.
People often expect to be told when they are doing something wrong.
People often expect to use the property of the trusts as their own.
People often experience a sense of confusion and forgetfulness at edges.
People often experience anxiety in frustrating or conflict situations.
People often experience bloating, gas, or diarrhea when they have lactose intolerance.
People often experience compulsory admission to hospital as a fateful moment in their lives.
People often experience eating disorders as shameful, embarrassing, and hard to acknowledge.
People often experience flow when physically exerting themselves.
People often experience initial work with change as a loss of what they do well.
People often experience periods of asexuality.
People often experience racial exclusion, hostility and discrimination in the way institutions work.
People often express anger in destructive ways.
People often express how much they love rowing, or hate it, for that matter.
People often express quality in terms of their satisfaction.
People often express their views without ever speaking a word.
People often face crossroads in their careers in the late thirties and early forties.
People often fail to finish the full course of treatment.
People often fail to follow instructions and many accidents occur.
People often fail to get what they deserve.
People often fail to listen carefully.
People often fail to make the changes they want to make because they create a long laundry list.
People often fail to reach and achieve their true potential.
People often fail to realize that body weight is resistance.
People often fail to thoroughly investigate Internet information.
People often fail to translate the fundamentals into stock prices.
People often fall asleep during treatment.
People often fall down when they faint.
People often fear calling a person who is ill and offering help.
People often fear new ideas.
People often fear pain and suffering.
People often fear reprisal if they make waves at work.
People often fear the theft of their credit card numbers online.
People often fear the truth, and are held in place by a limited view of love.
People often fear the unknown more than they fear the known.
People often feed birds when visiting lakes or parks.
People often feed geese bread crumbs, crackers and other food morsels.
People often feed whole grains to young fowl trying to save money.
People often feel a little tired the first two or three days.
People often feel a profound spiritual impact.
People often feel a spiritual or supernatural presence there.
People often feel a wide variety of emotions during psychotherapy.
People often feel a wide variety of emotions during therapy.
People often feel anxious for several days ahead of time, and some even have trouble sleeping.
People often feel cheated if they miss seeing someone during their last minutes of life.
People often feel defensive and attack when someone is doing things differently.
People often feel dramatic results during the initial session.
People often feel energized and integrated after a single session.
People often feel energized, emotionally open, and acutely sensitive following earthquakes.
People often feel guilty or ashamed about being addicted, but addiction is an illness, as cancer is.
People often feel healthier and more energetic when they take nutritional supplements.
People often feel healthier and more energetic when they take supplements.
People often feel helpless even though help is very close.
People often feel helpless when cancer is diagnosed.
People often feel hopeless.
People often feel left behind by computer technology.
People often feel like that when their hearts are failing.
People often feel like they have the flu.
People often feel lonely, frightened and unsure that they're doing the right thing.
People often feel more free to experiment with fun and humor when they decorate their second homes.
People often feel neglected when placed on hold in silence.
People often feel powerless to do anything about enormous economic, political, or social problems.
People often feel stung by criticism.
People often feel that law enforcement is no field for a blind person even to consider.
People often feel that medical issues are too esoteric.
People often feel that no one can understand what they're going through.
People often feel that once they are in a nursing home, their life is over.
People often feel that staff are too busy to answer questions.
People often feel that the medical system is too impersonal.
People often feel that the wrong decision was made in their case.
People often feel that their options have thinned out with the onset of a disability.
People often feel that they are alone in their troubles.
People often feel that they are the problem and the only one suffering a serious problem.
People often feel that they have lost their place.
People often feel the pain has affected their whole life.
People often feel the same way about their cars as they do about their bodies.
People often feel tired, weak, and even confused after the first few sessions.
People often feel uncomfortable talking about death.
People often feel unnecessarily nervous of ferrets, due to their undeserved reputation as biters.
People often feel very different on the subject of telling children that they are adopted.
People often feel very strongly on many of the topics to be discussed in such a course.
People often fill it by passing along rumors.
People often find an annoying problem when applying normal modifier patterns to objects.
People often find an author they like and want to find everything the author has written.
People often find coins or children's toys that have fallen inside.
People often find help from ice, heat, and pain relievers.
People often find homoeopathy improves their general health and well-being.
People often find it convenient to think they know better than the folks making the rules.
People often find it difficult to understand our religion.
People often find it easier to agree to small details than they do to making a larger commitment.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
People often find it hard to understand each other because of their differences.
People often find it helpful to make a list of questions before they see the doctor.
People often find it therapeutic to observe a death with some form of ceremony or memorial service.
People often find menstrual topics funny, probably because they are difficult to talk about.
People often find new places to live, new jobs, new schools and new friends.
People often find other ways to repair breaches through contacts in other areas of life.
People often find post-divorce relations with former spouses endlessly complicated.
People often find tea tastes different elsewhere than it does at home.
People often find that combinations work more effectively than single homeopathic medicines.
People often find that it takes less time to do the experiment and fewer mistakes are made.
People often find that talking to people with similar problems helps.
People often find that the answers to their questions and concerns can be found here.
People often find that their sense of well-being is enhanced.
People often find that their symptoms return when they discontinue chiropractic care.
People often find that they use other web development tools to build the web site.
People often find their savings accounts depleted after a prolonged illness or disability.
People often find themselves in conflicts with others and are unsure where to turn to help.
People often find themselves overloaded by pressures and time constraints during relocation.
People often find themselves under financial pressure through no fault of their own.
People often find they learn more effectively in a group.
People often find ways of dealing with distress , in both negative and positive ways .
People often find ways of dealing with distress, in both negative and positive ways.
People often find ways to turn something good into something bad.
People often find young fledgling birds that have just left the nest.
People often focus inward during the last weeks of life.
People often focus on life insurance.
People often focus on weighing a certain amount at the expense of health.
People often focus too much on the first two and sacrifice the second two.
People often follow the ten commandments with great rigor, but dismiss the lesser ones.
People often follow their own projections.
People often forget about information their institutions can provide.
People often forget about the thermal paste that they use.
People often forget about their water storage tanks and cisterns.
People often forget addresses when reporting an emergency at work.
People often forget how little water it takes to lose contact with the pavement and float away.
People often forget how much courage that required.
People often forget than hardware is cheap while programmers are expensive.
People often forget that a decision, by itself, changes nothing.
People often forget that children can get a sunburn even on cloudy days.
People often forget that coaches and staff are trying to move up the ranks too.
People often forget that energy efficiency can make a home more comfortable.
People often forget that it is disabling and can result in loss of their independence.
People often forget that kind of thing.
People often forget that performers are supposed to perform .
People often forget that the purpose of a web site is to sell product.
People often forget that the ugliness of politics today is largely a phenomenon of television.
People often forget that their computers make terrific databases and storage units.
People often forget that today s Russia is only a successor to what has existed for centuries.
People often forget that vegetables and other foods contain calcium.
People often forget that.
People often forget the 'bi' in bilingual, meaning two languages.
People often forget the U.S. and China currently have a trading relationship.
People often forget to check the condition of the seal under the garage door.
People often forget to cover the plant one or two nights.
People often forget to include a negative sign, if needed, in their answer for displacement.
People often forget to unsubscribe to mailing lists when they change email addresses.
People often forget what they've committed to.
People often form judgments based upon incomplete or inaccurate information.
People often form strong bonds with the visiting dogs.
People often fry in peanut oil believing it is one of the least evil of the oils.
People often gain weight as they age.
People often gain weight if they start taking drugs that contain steroids.
People often gather around tables chatting as they sip or gulp their coffee.
People often gather mollusks at the seashore.
People often gather to drink, talk and sing.
People often generalize about radiation therapy, thinking that side effects are all the same.
People often get an upset stomach when they take a supplement with iron.
People often get anxious about certain sexual bejhaviros.
People often get blind sided by politics.
People often get centipedes and millipedes confused.
People often get confused about 'local call access' versus an online service company.
People often get into arguments about what constitutes progress.
People often get into fights about security deposits because the original agreement was too vague.
People often get into time-consuming habits, doing the same things day after day.
People often get into trouble with prolonged exposure to the cold.
People often get little or no support after receiving the diagnosis of an autoimmune disease .
People often get many bites .
People often get many bites.
People often get overwhelmed and defeated by circumstances that they have set up themselves.
People often get quite creative with their self descriptions.
People often get racism mixed up with bigotry or prejudice.
People often get second mortgages for home improvements.
People often get several so they can send out emails that match their mood.
People often get severe headaches, ulcers, and suffer from hypertension.
People often get silly when they try to communicate with children.
People often get the disease as a result of drinking water contaminated with cholera bacteria.
People often get the symptoms even after what seems to be successful antibiotic treatment.
People often get their fingers, hands, or feet caught or slammed in a door.
People often get tired of the harshness and stress that real life brings.
People often get trademarks and business names confused.
People often give advice by telling stories.
People often give different answers to the same problem stated in slightly different ways.
People often give somewhat larger donations on cards.
People often give their power away to another.
People often give up hope, seeing their feats as being hopeless.
People often give up when they don t get immediate results.
People often go away for post-doctoral study, but then tend to come back to their roots.
People often go away to school with the hopes of finding someone to spend time with.
People often go back to drug use.
People often go for food when they re really thirsty.
People often go over to get coffee and sit and talk for a while.
People often go there to relax, wander around, and just enjoy nature.
People often go to extreme lengths to discourage squirrels from their feeders.
People often go to great length to change the external circumstances of their life.
People often go to sleep at night with problems and wake up in the morning with solutions.
People often go to the YPs to find a dealer for something they already want.
People often go to their doctors for a prescription for antibiotics when they get a cold or the flu.
People often grant an unnecessary social role to computers during interactions.
People often grow apart, and parenthood is often the great dividing line between former friends.
People often grow herbs in their gardens .
People often grow herbs in their gardens.
People often grow to care about the whales from seeing how they live.
People often handle boys emotional and social needs inappropriately or inadequately.
People often handle life as they do bad weather.
People often have a difficult time finding bull terriers to buy or adopt.
People often have a general notion about something they want to accomplish.
People often have a hard time figuring out the attraction of industrial sites for some historians.
People often have a hard time realizing that minerals are alive.
People often have a lot to say about books.
People often have a misconception about bankruptcy and their credit report .
People often have a placebo effect and a true drug effect at the same time.
People often have a problem with the fact that so many people believe other things.
People often have a special 'nickname' and use it during their lifetime.
People often have a tendency to seek excessive and immediate pleasure.
People often have a very unclear idea of what they are objecting to, or what they actually believe.
People often have accidents, tired, and less focused on the descent.
People often have all sorts of problems with several of the major nationwide providers.
People often have an emotional reaction to pain.
People often have an unconscious energy about negative gossip.
People often have both at the same time.
People often have ceremonies beside the water flow.
People often have certain expectations when they are familiar with an artist's music.
People often have colorful birds such as parrots and mynahs as pets.
People often have compelling reasons for wanting to emigrate to the United States.
People often have confused mountain bicycles and their impacts with off-road motorcycles.
People often have different individual work habits.
People often have difficulty finding the information they want on Internet.
People often have difficulty grasping the concept of constructivism.
People often have difficulty removing urine stains from carpet or any non-slick surface.
People often have difficulty sleeping and getting proper rest in full moon periods.
People often have difficulty talking openly about sexuality.
People often have difficulty telling agnosticism and atheism apart.
People often have difficulty understanding new concepts.
People often have difficulty understanding the workings of such systems.
People often have disabilities from one or more of the major categories.
People often have emotional reactions to such assignments, ranging from fear to boredom.
People often have emotional, physical, and behavioral reactions to an irrevocable loss.
People often have great difficulty dealing with shame.
People often have insights at unusual times and places.
People often have many good ideas.
People often have nausea and fatigue.
People often have no symptoms in anemia, so many times it is discovered on a routine exam.
People often have opinions well founded in their own experiences and plans for using the equipment.
People often have perfectly good products, but lack persuasive advertising copy.
People often have problems showing up late or with hygiene problems.
People often have problems with setting goals because they confuse needs and wants .
People often have questions about appropriate terminology .
People often have questions about appropriate terminology.
People often have questions about the legal implications of defending themselves.
People often have relapses into their former unhealthy ways.
People often have second thoughts when they see their stories down in black and white.
People often have strong opinions about cremation or traditional funerals.
People often have strong opinions about font.
People often have strong opinions about the topics discussed in a race and ethnic relations course.
People often have strong psychological reactions to being illuminated with a laser beam.
People often have strong views on educational choice.
People often have tendencies or specific ways that they feel their stress.
People often have the idea that people with kleptomania are people who steal everything.
People often have the impression that Chinese characters are extremely difficult to learn.
People often have the mistaken idea that intent is a purely human attribute.
People often have their greatest learning when they have experienced consequences for behavior.
People often have to be evacuated.
People often have to be prodded to leave scenes of natural disasters.
People often have to find a place to start on their own.
People often have to get together outside of the normal channels.
People often have to look to others for help when making medical decisions.
People often have to pick out stones from the tyre treads.
People often have to wait between three and five years for an organ especially for a liver.
People often have to work on a project together, but from remote locations.
People often have trouble dealing with fractions.
People often have trouble with fonts, missing graphics, and cut-off edges.
People often have unrealistic expectations about breastfeeding.
People often have unrealistic expectations of fire ant control products, too.
People often have.
People often hear that cooking destroys nutrients in foods.
People often hear what they want to hear.
People often help out to keep the temple grounds clean.
People often hesitate to get a second opinion.
People often hire based on feelings and impressions.
People often hire freelancers because they have emergency overflow work.
People often hold a lot of tension in their hands.
People often honor their nation, country, or group by celebrating their national symbol.
People often ignore a TIA, thinking the problem has disappeared.
People often ignore the early warning signs of pending failure.
People often ignore the law requiring all Net users to register with the government.
People often ignore their intuition.
People often ignore warnings and refuse to take preventive measures.
People often imagine the West as an open and individualistic frontier.
People often increase their offer.
People often infuse stereotypes into logical reasoning, leading to more overgeneralized conclusions.
People often inquire about why hydrants are painted different colors.
People often install a smaller hard disk that has been made redundant by a newer one.
People often intend to get away from it all and enjoy the serenity of an agrarian countryside.
People often interpret the server dying or network communication failures as a machine going down.
People often interpret the server dying or network communtication failures as a machine going down.
People often invoke that name as a magic wand.
People often join lists which pertain to their interest.
People often judge a business by how it looks on the sign.
People often judge others on the appearance and condition of footwear.
People often jump from bridges, throw themselves under a train or drown themselves.
People often jump into career searching by figuring out how to apply their college major.
People often jump to a particular formulation of a problem.
People often justify their judgements about fat people by saying they choose to be fat.
People often juxtapose composers.
People often keep their thoughts of suicide very private.
People often know people who know people.
People often know they share the same neighborhood but don t feel much community.
People often know when leaders are sincere.
People often lack assurance because of struggles they have with certain sins.
People often laugh a little.
People often laugh at drunken behavior, but no one respects a drunk.
People often learn bad thinking habits.
People often learn best from personal experiences and relationships with the subject at hand.
People often learn by example.
People often learn successfully to deal with and so avoid phobias and panic attacks.
People often learn to fear things because of previous unpleasant associations.
People often leave a gift of a colorful toy pinwheel tucked into the bib strings.
People often leave the hands and feet against the fold.
People often leave their dryers on longer than necessary.
People often let the trouble go too long before beginning treatment.
People often lie in exit interviews about why they are leaving.
People often LIKE getting upset and venting.
People often like the idea of doing Bible study better than the actual work.
People often like to browse a little before having the price shoved under their noses.
People often like to name one of their children.
People often like to put a face with a name, but what about a voice with a face.
People often list summer housing there.
People often live in cardboard houses and there are no services for water, electricity or sewage.
People often live in one town, work in another, and pursue leisure in still others.
People often live there for only a few years before moving somewhere else.
People often live together without being married.
People often live with incontinence without seeking help.
People often look at a church name to see what denomination it is in.
People often look at men's sexual health through the lens of women's health.
People often look at stairs as something for a blind person to fear.
People often look at the conclusions first to decide whether they want to read the entire poster.
People often look for hidden signals when up-front, direct communication is the best approach.
People often look for jobs that suit where they are in their lives.
People often look the other way when they pass on the streets.
People often look to statistics to justify a game score, but stats can often be deceiving.
People often look to the castle for protection during attacks and for guidance during crisis.
People often look to the nurse as an emotional buoy in tense situations.
People often lose more than that without minding it at all.
People often lose out by failing to recognize the power of writing information down.
People often lose their feelings of safety and trust.
People often lose their livestock to landmines, too.
People often lose weight and sleep from frequent attacks.
People often maintain ties to the ancestral birthplace or homeland when they move.
People often make avoidable mistakes when they rush.
People often make choices that have to do with ways of moving on and compromising.
People often make claims about their results being generalizable to other populations.
People often make costly mistakes because they misread information.
People often make excuses of their sin.
People often make food to share or barbque.
People often make instruments out of everyday things.
People often make it at home.
People often make mistakes in judgment and implementation, and many take shortcuts.
People often make mistakes when they try to type in a complicated Web address.
People often make other drivers merge into their lane.
People often make recordings during rehearsal to use as a practice aid.
People often make reference to the invasive nature of willows.
People often make the mistake of assuming their employer-provided life insurance is adequate.
People often make the mistake of walking too fast or too slow on their treadmills.
People often make the same decision for different reasons.
People often make things happen without waiting for money or services from any formal system.
People often make unhealthy decisions and increase their own vulnerability when under the influence.
People often make wishful and erroneous expectations.
People often marry early in Guatemala.
People often marvel at the radiant beauty of deciduous trees that glow with vibrant fall colors.
People often measure excellence in terms of flight hours.
People often meet across long distances, a whole new phenomenon.
People often mention lack of sleep or daytime sleepiness as one of their problems.
People often mention our very personalized service.
People often misconstrue our role as 'beautifying' the city, but it goes far beyond that.
People often misinterpret technology-based change, and fail to see what is really happening.
People often misinterpret what simplify means.
People often mispronounce it, but they never forget it.
People often misquote that scripture and put the body first instead of the spirit.
People often misread athletes like that.
People often miss the occult implications.
People often miss the tops of ears, and the backs of arms and legs.
People often misspell words when they enter their search terms.
People often mistake busy husbands for hired help.
People often mistake cheetahs for leopards.
People often mistake depression for emotion.
People often mistake having no opinion with having the right one.
People often mistake helicopter control as tilting the rotor disc.
People often mistake it for the poisonous Florida cottonmouth which is found in the same area.
People often mistake opinion for knowledge.
People often mistake our unmanned blimp for it's fullscale counterpart.
People often mistake playing for mating in otters.
People often mistake presence for effect.
People often mistake red bats for leaves when they hang on their roosts.
People often mistake symphylans for larger centipedes, which are often beneficial predators.
People often mistake the fact that they can be difficult to train as a sign of stupidity.
People often mistake the open-mouth hissing and drooling behavior of opossums as a sign of rabies.
People often mistake the relatively obscure white varietal for chardonnay.
People often mistake thirst for hunger.
People often misunderstand each other's signals.
People often misunderstand eating disorders as a wish to go back to childhood.
People often misunderstand probabilities.
People often misunderstand the rationality of faith.
People often misuse the sewage system.
People often misuse the term 'hits' to imply that one hit is one person visting the site.
People often misuse the words cement and concrete.
People often modify rivers to help distribute and store water in a desert.
People often move into related jobs for career development or specialise eg training.
People often move one or two times, from the starter house to another, bigger house.
People often move websites from one host to another.
People often notice a dimming of vision when they read.
People often notice a farmers' market for the first time when they see a banner.
People often notice some negative changes when giving up a habit.
People often notice that the timing of their canker sores coincides with periods of stress.
People often notice their large size, strong chest and unusual yellowish eyes.
People often observe that as one grows older, the days trudge slowly on, but the years fly by.
People often open up the screen and leave it that way so they can see the fire better.
People often operate by habit.
People often operate in a long-term time frame.
People often operate under an illusion.
People often opt to keep the cat despite the disease.
People often order more than one book.
People often outgrow drug and alcohol addiction.
People often overdo the symmetry, chair right, chair left, lamp on the right, lamp on the left, etc.
People often overeat because, deep down, they hate themselves.
People often overestimate the angle of a slope.
People often overestimate the exercise they get and underestimate the calories they consume.
People often overestimate the financial rewards of an architect's daily life.
People often overestimate the importance of a patent, a specific technology, or a contract.
People often overestimate their knowledge, even on topics for which they are familiar.
People often overestimate their own abilities.
People often overlook family history.
People often overlook or minimize their natural strengths.
People often overlook or neglect the needs of timid, shy persons.
People often overlook the beneficial herbal properties of common household items.
People often overlook the billing increment when comparing calling costs.
People often overlook the emotional attachments family members have to their possessions.
People often overlook the lifeboats in their planning.
People often overlook the simple concept that the Internet is a reading medium.
People often overlook the value of longer life-experience that an older woman brings.
People often panic thinking that they re about to be hit.
People often pass through a number of different household types over the life course.
People often pay much more attention to something they put their name to.
People often pay too much for their car, or add on unnecessary extras that cost a lot of money.
People often pay too much for their insurance or go without essential protection.
People often perceive themselves in terms of their constraints as mortal beings.
People often phone from Toronto to make sure it's on the menu before making a trip north.
People often picture specific images to achieve a goal.
People often place some interesting object in each of the many cubbyholes.
People often plan to leave money to their children upon their death.
People often plant it as a shade tree and as an ornamental.
People often point to the empty-nest syndrome as a danger point in life.
People often point to the trade deficit as evidence of failed trade legislation.
People often ponder the anticipated wrath of another before taking certain actions.
People often post incredibly long rambling posts that go nowhere.
People often postpone a home purchase until they decide to settle in an area.
People often pray in a crisis.
People often prefer the safety of immobility to risk-laden action.
People often prefer theories, interpretations, and facts, merely because they are self-serving.
People often prefer to consider themselves victims, rather than confess their sin.
People often prefer to leave property to beneficiaries in trust, rather than outright.
People often prepare the planting hole incorrectly.
People often procrastinate, abandon resolution efforts or deny that conflict exists altogether.
People often propose implementations that have the same bug as the following code.
People often pull off the side of the road to watch the elk in Rush Valley.
People often purchase a safe too small to accomodate their growth.
People often purchase because it is often associated with prestige and wealth.
People often purchase the wrong kind of safe for their real needs.
People often put carpets on a floor.
People often put celebrities on a pedestal.
People often put furniture, broken toys, flower pots, etc.
People often put out propitiatory offerings.
People often put up their household goods as collateral for loans from finance companies.
People often put up with symptoms for years before deciding to seek help.
People often question whether complete healing from homosexuality is possible.
People often quit just one step shy of success.
People often raise the question of what deconstruction actually entails and does.
People often react differently to the written word than to the spoken word.
People often react with fear or anger when they feel that their interests are threatened.
People often react with shock, humiliation and intense anger.
People often receive healing through the laying on of hands.
People often receive warning signs that they are about to stroke out.
People often recieve email regarding new and devastating viruses.
People often re-experience the traumatic event over and over again.
People often refer to a building's acoustics as the way sound travels through the building.
People often refer to atheist as immoral.
People often refer to microorganisms as germs.
People often refer to sleeves that cover phones as 'socks'.
People often refer to the curriculum as the content of the engineer.
People often refer to the front and back ends of a particular process cluster.
People often refer to their knowledge and skills as common sense.
People often refer to wild lands as wilderness.
People often refinance their mortgages to take advantage of equity they have earned in their homes.
People often refuse to seek treatment for depression due to shame or stigma.
People often relocate where there is employment, especially if it offers better pay.
People often rely on oversimplified or stereotypic images.
People often remark on it.
People often remember things better if it relates to their personal experiences.
People often repeat certain statements for emphasis.
People often repeat searches that others have done in the past.
People often report bruises on their bodies after a strange contact during the night.
People often report feeling more peaceful, positive, loving and centered in daily life.
People often report getting a quick energy burst after drinking wheatgrass juice.
People often report how much lighter they feel after painting.
People often report someone missing for safety concerns.
People often report that leaning forward relieves their symptoms.
People often report that providing support to someone else is a rewarding experience.
People often report vertigo, insomnia, and headache.
People often report waking just moments before their alarm is supposed to ring.
People often report weight gain during the wintertime.
People often represent themselves rather than hire an attorney.
People often represent themselves, commonly without lawyers involved.
People often request it.
People often reserve a slot on a particular boat a year ahead.
People often resist change for good reasons.
People often resort to exaggeration in an effort to get their own way.
People often respond better to stories than to explanations.
People often respond defensively when they think they are being attacked.
People often respond to being told they sing well.
People often respond to foreigners with interest.
People often respond to other motivations.
People often retreat behind closed and double locked doors and try to ignore their neighbors.
People often retreat to the past because it is more tangible and determinate.
People often return to a restaurant to enjoy a favorite dish over and over again.
People often return to faith when they are bereaved.
People often reveal what's most important after a pause.
People often row to the island but no-one goes on for fear of the snakes.
People often rub each other the wrong way, and yet manage to rub off on each other.
People often run across the road without looking.
People often run to do chesed for someone else.
People often sacrifice exercise, healthy food and sleep for other things like studying and fun.
People often sacrifice fulfilling relationships and rewarding careers to the graven idol of glamour.
People often save with a particular goal in mind.
People often say chiropractors are no good.
People often say how difficult it is to receive from others.
People often say in jest that two individuals are made from the same mold.
People often say it is more difficult to read documents on a screen instead of in a paper format.
People often say it is the most freeing, fun class they have ever taken.
People often say no without enough consideration.
People often say robins ride in on a south wind, saving themselves energy as they travel.
People often say sex is more fun or spontaneous if they have had a few drinks or are high.
People often say that a band's early stuff is their best, and it's so often true.
People often say that a child's greatest gift is their imagination.
People often say that a logarithm is an exponent.
People often say that a sense of humor is what they value most in a life partner.
People often say that children are cruel.
People often say that computers are dumb.
People often say that computing careers are at a crossroads.
People often say that good research strengthens good teaching.
People often say that information is power.
People often say that researchers are always coolheaded.
People often say that the best offense is a good defense.
People often say that the friends they make in fraternaties or sororities last a lifetime.
People often say that they keep a gun in their home for self-defense.
People often say the book is better than the film.
People often say their schedules are too swamped to get involved in the community.
People often say there is power in prayer.
People often say they are disappointed when in reality they are angry.
People often say they are too busy.
People often say they cried more for their dog than they did for their father or mother.
People often say they don t want to press charges or file a complaint.
People often say they move in the name of better schooling for their children.
People often say they see robins feeding in the birdseed.
People often say they want bamboo that gets really big.
People often say they want to change, that they welcome change, and that change is exciting.
People often say they'll work it out when the time comes.
People often say they'll write a book someday when they have the time.
People often say time is running slower.
People often scoff at the idea of the Italian Fantastic cinema, especially science fiction.
People often search for the easiest way to accomplish a task.
People often see a contradiction here.
People often see an English Setter and stop to admire their beautiful soft flowing coat.
People often see lizards dart over logs and rocks.
People often see oracles to ask questions or to be given insights to their future.
People often see some of our symptoms.
People often see the coyote as black or white, but the animal's true color is a shade of gray.
People often see the disability before the person.
People often see the seagull image here - although that was purely unintentional.
People often see themselves as a combination of their different roles.
People often see things differently.
People often see what they expect.
People often see what they want to see.
People often seek analysis after finding other forms of brief treatment or medication unsuccessful.
People often seek comfort by sleeping with a pillow between their thighs.
People often seek psychotherapy when they have tried other approaches to solving a personal problem.
People often seek the care of a chiropractor after being in a car accident.
People often seek therapy as well, to deal with anxiety and related emotional issues.
People often seek ways to accuse.
People often seem to be cynical of American politics.
People often seem to get so wrapped up in positioning their boat in just the right spot.
People often seem to like one better than the other some sort of atmosphere thing.
People often send cute little animations or small utility programs to each other.
People often send flowers to a funeral as a tribute.
People often send things when they are angry or without first cooling down.
People often sense that a co-worker is having a problem before managers do.
People often set brightness inappropriately, unaware that brightness and contrast work together.
People often set their goals too low.
People often set up the furnace thermostat in the morning because they feel chilly.
People often share computers.
People often share taxi rides from the airport to the city.
People often shorten a story in retelling it.
People often show a mix of symptoms that are at odds with each other.
People often show the character, temperament and mannerisms of the animal in their birth year.
People often shutter when they hear the word 'fungi'.
People often sigh over the shortage of cadres.
People often sign up for it, in contrast with many other forms of advertising.
People often signal their distress quite clearly.
People often sin.
People often sing along when it is played.
People often sit there, or on the front steps, watching what's going on.
People often skip over it but it is a big issue.
People often slip back into the present status as opposed to focusing on the future.
People often slip into the church and make that walk alone, physically alone.
People often snack for many reasons.
People often speak and act out of a motivation that is called transference.
People often speak before thinking, and hurt others, sometimes without even realizing it.
People often speak in speeches rather than in conversation.
People often speak of a beam of light.
People often speak of burdens and sufferings as crosses to bear.
People often speak of conflicts of interest, conflict situations, armed conflicts and so on.
People often speak of donkeys in belittling terms.
People often speak of feeling that their life is out of their control when they have cancer.
People often speak today of direction d'acteurs.
People often spend hours futzing with it before they give up.
People often spend months in jail without a lawyer in Texas.
People often spend the night in one of the lodges here to sun set and sun rise.
People often spot holes in the earth of their garden and wonder if they are funnelweb burrows.
People often spray the plants with insecticides.
People often stand up in their boat to cast or reel in a fish.
People often stare and spit.
People often start drinking when they feel stressed or because their friends drink.
People often start getting the warning signs of chronic disease when they are young.
People often start lining up in front of the theater several hours before show time.
People often start up conversations with people out of the ordinary.
People often start with the idea that they can get it right the first time and that they have too.
People often stay at one job for a long time.
People often stay at the hotel, gamble somewhere else.
People often stay on it for a lifetime.
People often stop or limit their breathe when they feel anxious or a sensitive area is massaged.
People often stop taking their medications when they begin to feel better.
People often store bulbs in refrigerators prior to planting.
People often stumble into their careers, victims of blind circumstance.
People often submit changes without considering the impact they have on cost and schedule.
People often subscribe to numerous related lists.
People often suffer extreme tiredness and weakness with the flu, along with a headache.
People often suffer through their incontinence without seeking help.
People often sunbathe in comfortable places where there is ample sunlight.
People often supply information on other family members without their consent.
People often support without leaving a comment and that is tolerated.
People often suppose realistic painting and here especially portraying to be most demanding.
People often surround their house and garden with a hedge.
People often suspect physicians of misdiagnosing when a cancer is detected at a later date.
People often suspect that the cancers are caused by hazardous substances in the environment.
People often suspect the physicians of misdiagnosing when cancer was detected at a later date.
People often take a simple thing and turn it into a big debate.
People often take aspirin for a headache.
People often take bento for a picnic .
People often take bento for a picnic.
People often take found animals to both places.
People often take it easy when they climb down and have an accident.
People often take it for granted.
People often take sides and defend their position rather than try to understand all viewpoints.
People often take the herb to treat depression.
People often take the law into their own hands to settle differences.
People often take the source of such electronic media as accurate and precise.
People often take the view that standardization is the enemy of creativity.
People often take their time before buying.
People often take three or four attempts to address their drug-use and fail.
People often take too little water.
People often talk a lot about it, but few attempt to bring about change.
People often talk about having an inner child.
People often talk about having special programs to encourage women in science.
People often talk about how the Internet has changed their life.
People often talk about needing a thing , when they really just want it .
People often talk about needing a thing, when they really just want it.
People often talk about neighbourliness as a phenomenon from the past.
People often talk about staying together for the sake of the kids.
People often talk about the importance of community.
People often talk about the negative side of the Internet.
People often talk about the weather.
People often talk about transferability of skills.
People often talk as if e-commerce is obviously a gain for everybody.
People often talk as if shyness is a disease or mental condition that can be cured.
People often talk at each other without really listening.
People often talk more quickly when reading a speech or script.
People often talk of deflation when what they really mean is recession.
People often talk of Prussian militarism.
People often talk of their pop idol and favourite musician.
People often talk story as a means of searching for and recognizing shared feelings.
People often talk to one another for longer than two minutes at a time.
People often tell how hard it is to get people saved today.
People often tell their friends if they have found a great site.
People often tend to be nonassertive because they are confused about what humility is.
People often tend to be overly familiar with pregnant women.
People often tend to forget.
People often tend to live, work, consume and release their wastes near inland water.
People often tend to separate the world into living and non-living components.
People often think a captive raised serval is being aggressive that is only trying to say hello.
People often think a letter is standardized.
People often think administrators are power-hungry and work all the time.
People often think coming home-repatriation is easy.
People often think how much they spend is a demonstration of how much they love someone.
People often think in terms of what the private sector can bring to charities.
People often think it belongs to someone else.
People often think it can be caused by a blow or injury to the affected bone.
People often think little things are cute, until they turn obsessive.
People often think of a post and beam home as being a big box with a barn-like appearance.
People often think of a surge protector as something to protect their computer in a lightning storm.
People often think of ascension in terms of going somewhere else, leaving the planet.
People often think of bones as rigid, unchanging calcium pillars.
People often think of calcium as a muscle relaxant.
People often think of chemicals as artificial or toxic substances.
People often think of complexity theory as a metaphor.
People often think of correlation when they think of effect size.
People often think of dieting when they are gorging on sweet stuff.
People often think of discipline as being about punishment.
People often think of ethnicity as inherently unhealthy.
People often think of fossils as being mineralized bones or shells stored in museums.
People often think of infinity as just a really large number.
People often think of insects as pests, but insects are valuable members of the natural world.
People often think of mammoths as huge, giant beasts, who are much larger than modern elephants.
People often think of marine laboratories as summer camps.
People often think of politics in terms of a left vs. right political spectrum.
People often think of sculpture as being solid, but sculpture is also about space .
People often think of sharks as of solitary hunters.
People often think of sponges as plants, rather than being animals.
People often think of the Internet as a purely technical discipline.
People often think of the Parkway as just a road and mowed shoulders.
People often think of the South as a place that is slow and peaceful.
People often think of The Twelve Days of Christmas as the days preceding the festival.
People often think of water for drinking only, it in fact has many more uses.
People often think of wood burning as a kind of folk technology.
People often think only about giving toys.
People often think pesticide means insecticide .
People often think planned giving is only for the rich.
People often think that acne is an adolescent issue.
People often think that cataracts can be removed with a laser.
People often think that common fringe benefits are required by law.
People often think that gemstones are precious because they are beautiful.
People often think that how much they spend is a demonstration of how much they love someone.
People often think that Mondays are worse.
People often think that nuking is a harmless prank.
People often think that only a recovering person can help others overcome a substance abuse problem.
People often think that pain and suffering are synonymous.
People often think that puberty and adolescence refer to the same thing.
People often think that self government is about a totally separate native administration.
People often think that Sharia law is unjust.
People often think that the jury system is out of control and that there are too many lawsuits.
People often think that the size of the paws determine the size of the dog.
People often think that their dogs are being destructive or bad on purpose.
People often think that they can breathe properly.
People often think that they have never been in a trance.
People often think that when they are doubting and confused their faith is weak.
People often think that young readers want more sound and immersion and pure sensual entertainment.
People often think the amount of money they earn reflects their worth.
People often think the animal is choking or just getting sick when they first see it taking place.
People often think the best books have already been written.
People often think the deaf understand more than they do.
People often think the more money one has, the happier they are.
People often think they are so smart that they fool themselves into believing error.
People often think they have no chance for input when it comes to government regulations.
People often think they have to strain and struggle to gain the virtuosity and artistic power.
People often think to protect computers with surge protectors, but often forget about the modem.
People often think very differently about sex and what it means.
People often think words are abbreviations when in fact they are acronyms.
People often throw coloured powders, coloured papers and even coloured water on each other.
People often travel to enjoy outdoor recreation.
People often travel together from the village or city of origin to a common destination in America.
People often treat back pain with analgesics and bed rest, but the pain can return.
People often try a variety of herbal remedies.
People often try drugs like heroin because they feel peer pressure.
People often try drugs such as marijuana because they feel peer pressure.
People often try to find a full and meaningful life through their own efforts.
People often try to find someone else to write the business plan.
People often try to get by the easiest way possible.
People often try to get creative in the winter, especially when the power is out.
People often try to get the scoop on a tournament by talking to friends who bowl an earlier squad.
People often try to help their friends.
People often try to make their religious building as beautiful as possible.
People often try to walk across the ice and let their dogs run about on the frozen surface.
People often turn the alerts off because attacks happen so often that the alerts get unnerving.
People often turn to alcohol to try to escape.
People often turn to magic as a form of insurance or confidence.
People often turn to the Web before they go to their local library.
People often turn to traditional healers for help with certain types of illnesses.
People often type in a word or two in their browser, giving the business website automatic traffic.
People often type the URL in browser with extra r, forget the v, forget the s, etc.
People often unclear where they fit in.
People often underestimate fire's power and speed and overestimate the time they have to escape.
People often underestimate how helpful simply staying in touch can be to a gravely ill person.
People often underestimate how long ago an article was published.
People often underestimate that horrors of psychological illnesses.
People often underestimate the complexity of the exercise.
People often underestimate the limitations of online retailing though.
People often underestimate the power of voting.
People often undervalue themselves and their life experiences.
People often use a middle name as a forename.
People often use a progression of evaluations - questions that they ask to assess change.
People often use active imagery as a way to relax or to relieve distressing symptoms.
People often use AHAs for about two months before they see significant results.
People often use beaches as a place to swim, to work on their tan, or just to relax.
People often use bookmarking as a way to return to a particular Web page.
People often use books as bibliotherapy way to heal themselves through reading.
People often use bran names to describe a category of products.
People often use cause and effect to excuse their present behaviour.
People often use disposable products because they are convenient.
People often use expressions that indicate which modality they are thinking in at that moment.
People often use food as comfort for stressful experiences.
People often use frames to provide an easy to maintain site.
People often use free email addresses to hide their true identity.
People often use it during the week in their personal prayer time.
People often use it to support their own current political points of view.
People often use it when they are going out and want to look special.
People often use knowledge as a weapon of sorts.
People often use language that suggests heat is a thing or a kind of particle in itself.
People often use more pesticide product than labeling instructions warrant.
People often use numbers to make the argument.
People often use our equipment in conjunction with or as an alternative to aquatic herbicides.
People often use PDF for cross platform books.
People often use poisons called insecticides to kill pest insects.
People often use religion to make sense of things and keep themselves hopeful in life.
People often use storm drains as a dumping ground for hazardous household materials.
People often use technology in unexpected ways.
People often use the accumulated equity in their homes to help fund their next home purchase.
People often use the Bible to cite prohibitions against homosexuals.
People often use the current herd census to gauge the industry's growth and potential.
People often use the passive voice to avoid saying who did something.
People often use the term distance learning to refer to online learning.
People often use the terms addicted and dependent interchangeably.
People often use their fingers to take the meat while eating.
People often use use rumors to damage someone else's reputation.
People often use varying modes of transportation to travel between locations.
People often use very emotional words rather than neutral, descriptive words.
People often use violence without realizing it.
People often uses expressions that indicate which modality they are thinking in at that moment.
People often view an inspection report as a mandatory repair list for the seller.
People often view artists as freaks, or strange loners without any sense of direction in life.
People often view business travel as a curse instead of one aspect of their relationship.
People often view city schools negatively, but when the students went in, they saw good things.
People often view contact with nature as essential to a happy home life.
People often view the early stages of a disaster as a mere inconvenience.
People often visit the sacred sites of other religious traditions.
People often visualize messages as flitting around cyberspace until they find their mark.
People often wait for ten years before they can get a ticket.
People often wait their entire lives for a chance to forge the career of their dreams.
People often wake up feeling anxious.
People often wear masks to take on another persona or to ward off supernatural forces.
People often wear the same pair for years.
People often whine and moan about how nasty reviewers are.
People often wish to be interred at a cemetery of their own faith.
People often wish to know who is behind the sermons and articles published here.
People often wonder about whether to select a male or female physician.
People often wonder and sometimes ask if they are normal.
People often wonder how a culture is created.
People often wonder how a guy who is in a wheelchair became involved in Karate.
People often wonder how a rocket can go through space with nothing to push against.
People often wonder how homeschooling high school students can receive a high school diploma.
People often wonder how one person can really make a difference.
People often wonder how their spending compares with that of other families.
People often wonder how they can help with hunger relief in our area.
People often wonder how to make the most of the outdoors.
People often wonder how TV people get interviews with famous celebrities and serial killers.
People often wonder if the hair needs to be shaved.
People often wonder if the location in which they live is in danger of flooding.
People often wonder what a parking professional really is.
People often wonder what a worm farm looks like.
People often wonder what comes after death.
People often wonder what happened to yesterday's goals and priorities.
People often wonder what is the ideal percentage of water in popcorn kernels for best popping.
People often wonder what some of the most popular travel patterns are.
People often wonder what someone can do with a physics degree.
People often wonder what the meaning of their lives are and ask why things happen as they do.
People often wonder what the research means to their lives, to the world at large.
People often wonder what they can do to stop overpopulation.
People often wonder what they can do with philosophy.
People often wonder when it is appropriate to seek counseling.
People often wonder when the festival is going to happen.
People often wonder whether to use paid phone solicitors.
People often wonder which ball a juggler looks at when juggling.
People often wonder why bronze is so expensive.
People often wonder why children fail to master such a basic and important skill.
People often wonder why pets always seem to go for their favorite belongings.
People often wonder why so many seemed to go to their deaths offering little resistance.
People often wonder why such a happy time can cause people to feel stressed and blue.
People often wonder why the gap between developed countries and a country like Ghana keeps widening.
People often wonder why wolves howl at the moon.
People often work around by shutting down the browser window.
People often work hard in competitive environments.
People often work out other ways to handle a family member' finances to suit their needs.
People often work out other ways to handle a family member's finances to suit their needs.
People often work together on tasks.
People often worry about skull fractures.
People often worry about the costs of probate.
People often worry about what others think.
People often worry about when one of the birds die.
People often worry about whether the color is bright green, olive green or sort of gray.
People often worry that common things in their environment can increase their risk of cancer.
People often worry that the dairy products group is high in fat.
People often write better than they live.
People often write letters to strangers, whom they plan to visit, for reasons of social strategy.
People often write obscurely because they have never taken the trouble to learn to write clearly.
People often write to ask about seeing the moon during the day.
People often write with chalk on a chalkboard or blackboard .
People often write with chalk on a chalkboard or blackboard.
People often yearn for stronger community, better working relationships, or closer friendships.
People sometimes advertise odd jobs on cards here.
People sometimes are a little afraid to ask for help.
People sometimes are alone and feel that their pet is like their child.
People sometimes are scared of that, but it's nothing to be afraid of.
People sometimes ask about their obvious closeness.
People sometimes ask how Sudbury Valley students are 'exposed' to different things.
People sometimes ask if it's different teaching Native children.
People sometimes ask to have an item held, then change their minds.
People sometimes ask what is the difference between overweight, fat and obese .
People sometimes ask what the difference is between Biblical and modern Hebrew.
People sometimes ask why there are so many paper clips twisted around Cisco's cage door.
People sometimes associate a suntan with good health and vitality.
People sometimes associate vegetarianism with activism.
People sometimes assume a luxury with the sick.
People sometimes assume that dementia is a normal part of aging .
People sometimes assume they are married.
People sometimes attribute special significance to rare celestial events.
People sometimes avoid car pools because they worry about getting stranded at work.
People sometimes avoid mediation because they confuse it with compromise.
People sometimes become homesick when they travel .
People sometimes become homesick when they travel.
People sometimes become smart enough to maintain consistency in telling lies.
People sometimes behave in ways which can get in the way of establishing a long-term relationship.
People sometimes behave strangely about their participation in fundraising.
People sometimes believe providers who have been in practice the longest are the most qualified.
People sometimes believe that the problem is being ignored.
People sometimes breed wolves and dogs creating wolf hybrids that can be mistaken for wolves.
People sometimes breed wolves with dogs, creating wolf hybrids that can be mistaken for wolves.
People sometimes bring water from wet places to hot deserts so plants can grow.
People sometimes build fences to keep sand from shifting so much.
People sometimes buy short-term policies if they only use their vehicle during a specific season.
People sometimes call about accidental poisonings, and they are referred to poison control centers.
People sometimes call in if they see someone else's problem.
People sometimes can be jealous of other people, especially ones who have been able to win.
People sometimes change their ways of living.
People sometimes choose medication, instead, because drugs can be faster-acting.
People sometimes claim all sorts of reasons for such 'cures'.
People sometimes claim that all such experiences are really the same.
People sometimes climb over their rails, often to get to the toilet.
People sometimes cling to error for a long time.
People sometimes come back with second fiance, which is good.
People sometimes come right out and ask if the parents have used fertility drugs.
People sometimes come unglued personally and professionally.
People sometimes compare the texture to kale and the taste to artichokes.
People sometimes complain about the food prices and the smell.
People sometimes complain about the perceived overabundance of advertising in daily life.
People sometimes complain that they have a 'slipped disc' in their back.
People sometimes confuse infer with imply, but the distinction is a useful one.
People sometimes confuse plot with theme.
People sometimes confuse pollen with pollen extracts.
People sometimes confuse pterygia with cataracts.
People sometimes confuse shark and dolphin sightings.
People sometimes confuse the blue urethane with regular plastic because it has a similar feel to it.
People sometimes confuse the two .
People sometimes confuse the two.
People sometimes confuse worry with work or love.
People sometimes create wetlands too- both intentionally and unintentionally.
People sometimes damage unattended buses.
People sometimes debate over what type of nesting material is best for the birds.
People sometimes decide to get rid of clutter.
People sometimes decide to sign legal documents using their nicknames.
People sometimes describe it like bugs crawling in their muscles.
People sometimes deserve to be hit.
People sometimes die from severe attacks.
People sometimes die from widow bites.
People sometimes discuss state exams here.
People sometimes do become mysteriously unsubscribed.
People sometimes do crazy things - wierd, strange and freaky things.
People sometimes do one thing, sometimes another.
People sometimes do the darndest things, even in Warren.
People sometimes don t have their wishes come true.
People sometimes dream that they see zebras.
People sometimes dream they see zebras.
People sometimes engage in attitude discrepant behavior.
People sometimes enjoy uncertainty, and some even are willing to pay for it in gambling.
People sometimes establish a trust to provide themselves with ongoing income.
People sometimes exchange sex for money or access to other resources.
People sometimes expect contractors to be rough and ready, but it is like a family environment.
People sometimes expect to experience relief or see changes very quickly.
People sometimes fail to listen because they are uninterested in the subject being discussed.
People sometimes fail to realize that there are research opportunities within cartography itself.
People sometimes fail to realize there's a major difference between parenting and grandparenting.
People sometimes fail to rehabilitate injured muscles.
People sometimes fear change.
People sometimes fear taking a chance and get frustrated.
People sometimes fear that libelous material can be distributed anonymously, leaving no one to sue.
People sometimes feel a lump in their throat, or other strange feelings in their neck and throat.
People sometimes feel as if they are travelling through the dimensions when listening to music.
People sometimes feel 'blue' and depression is a natural response to loss.
People sometimes feel embarrassed about the amount of money they have to invest.
People sometimes feel empty when they retire, and their feelings of self worth decline.
People sometimes feel hurt, like they have been 'had'.
People sometimes feel like they are going to die.
People sometimes feel threatened when one looks into their eyes.
People sometimes feel wronged.
People sometimes find a difficult message easier to swallow when it is couched in a quote.
People sometimes find brother ants.
People sometimes find FAOs, more so than other administrative people, difficult to deal with.
People sometimes find it hard to keep up with the schedule.
People sometimes find it hard to see the difference between chaos and randomness.
People sometimes find springtails in sinks or tubs.
People sometimes find themselves in conflict with neighbours, visitors or intruders.
People sometimes forget that alcohol is an active drug that affects the brain.
People sometimes forget that all the modern 'necessities' of backpacking are very recent inventions.
People sometimes forget that pets can be poisoned by items around the house.
People sometimes forget that.
People sometimes forget the main thing.
People sometimes forget they started as freshmen and as sophomores.
People sometimes forget to insure the life of a nonworking spouse.
People sometimes forget to insure the life of an unemployed spouse.
People sometimes forget to tell former employers they have moved, changed jobs or changed names.
People sometimes forget when dealing it to their personal life, entertainment and economic cycles.
People sometimes forget.
People sometimes gasp when they hear that said out loud and in public.
People sometimes get angry when beavers cut down trees.
People sometimes get confused.
People sometimes get religious about engine configuration.
People sometimes get tattoos to show that they belong to a gang or culture group .
People sometimes get tattoos to show that they belong to a gang or culture group.
People sometimes get tired of that same old face.
People sometimes get too serious about business.
People sometimes get ulcers which are larger than one-half inch in diameter.
People sometimes get upset.
People sometimes give ducks cat kibbles to make their feathers glossier.
People sometimes go after sex when what they really want is caring and closeness.
People sometimes go berserk over the smallest things.
People sometimes go for years with no sexual interest or response.
People sometimes go on holiday, take business trips, or become ill.
People sometimes go through phases in which worldly activities seem boring, insubstantial, unreal.
People sometimes go through their life with their senses dull.
People sometimes go.
People sometimes have a remarkable ability of making a mountain out of molehill.
People sometimes have a tendency to remember things inaccurately, or forget details of the whole.
People sometimes have an odd way of communicating.
People sometimes have difficulty admitting they have a problem with drugs or alcohol.
People sometimes have difficulty coping with life's daily problems.
People sometimes have inaccurate beliefs about stallions, both positive and negative.
People sometimes have lapses of attention related to low alertness.
People sometimes have personal conflicts about their roles.
People sometimes have problems cutting down infested pines.
People sometimes have the idea that carbon dating is the definitive test.
People sometimes have their wishes come true.
People sometimes have trouble figuring out whether certain activities are illegal online.
People sometimes have trouble figuring out whether certain activities are illegal.
People sometimes head for the divorce court too soon.
People sometimes help by putting clean eggshells, left from breakfast, under a bird feeder.
People sometimes hold a fresh buttercup flower under the chin of a friend or family member .
People sometimes hold a fresh buttercup flower under the chin of a friend or family member.
People sometimes hunger to know how an organization works.
People sometimes hunt aardvarks for their meat.
People sometimes hunt the sea otters.
People sometimes insert action words directly into the text in angle brackets.
People sometimes laugh about potatoes.
People sometimes laugh, but usually at someone s expense.
People sometimes leave garbage and food in places where bears can easily find it.
People sometimes leave queries there.
People sometimes lie, make assumptions or are malicious.
People sometimes like to pan back and forth between the speakers for effect.
People sometimes linger at the shop without ever having gotten a tattoo.
People sometimes lose perspective on what is really important in life.
People sometimes lose sight of the important role that unions play in our society.
People sometimes make mistakes on purpose.
People sometimes make mistakes reporting the sex of a found pet.
People sometimes make odd decisions in stressful situations.
People sometimes make premature claims, and that is always dangerous.
People sometimes make the assumption that everyone is the same.
People sometimes make the mistake of only being satisfied if they learn something new.
People sometimes marry solely for what they can get out of marriage.
People sometimes masturbate as a way to release tension or fall asleep.
People sometimes mention the United States and say that's a monetary union that works.
People sometimes merge their family names, creating compound names .
People sometimes misrepresent themselves.
People sometimes miss seeing aspects of their teacher.
People sometimes mistake such applications for the heart of the revealed message.
People sometimes misunderstand each other inthe same way.
People sometimes move into retirement communities and are no longer able to attend.
People sometimes neglect the fact that having an attractive name is a valuable marketing tool.
People sometimes notice small holes in their structure.
People sometimes overlook the significant role religion plays in our society.
People sometimes overplay the role of specific incentives.
People sometimes pay even more.
People sometimes pick the crackers or the milk.
People sometimes pick up the flashiest brochure or one with a familiar name.
People sometimes prefer glycerates for children and alcoholics.
People sometimes present their opinions as facts.
People sometimes put covers on leather seats because it heats up fast, especially in cars.
People sometimes put in short jokes or sayings.
People sometimes put up something that they own or are buying as collateral or security for a loan.
People sometimes put up something they own or are buying as collateral or security for a loan.
People sometimes react to illness the same way.
People sometimes refer to it as a half jubilee.
People sometimes refer to it as spinal meningitis .
People sometimes refer to it as spinal meningitis.
People sometimes remember a joke better than a technical explanation.
People sometimes remember things wrong.
People sometimes request to try quitting wit fewer sessions, or without herbs.
People sometimes ride it, but they usually carry things on it.
People sometimes run away because they are unhappy or mad.
People sometimes sacrifice their privacy to get a breath of air, by opening the entrance door.
People sometimes say it looks photographic, but it's more like a memory.
People sometimes say one thing and then act differently.
People sometimes say that devils are in 'plague proportions'.
People sometimes say that having children is the source of happiness for women.
People sometimes say that it costs too much to go to court.
People sometimes say that it is pointless to develop a sense of purpose for a company.
People sometimes say that mediation stifles the protest activity.
People sometimes say that there is no government that is good.
People sometimes say that voting is a civic duty.
People sometimes say things that are well meaning but inappropriate.
People sometimes say what they think salespeople want to hear for the sake of a graceful exit.
People sometimes say, 'It's like entering a vault'.
People sometimes say, what's it like to be on camera.
People sometimes says that it has become increasingly hard to be a professional nowadays.
People sometimes see red bats around street lights in town.
People sometimes seek it, and sometimes resist it.
People sometimes sell old things at consignment shops.
People sometimes send messages looking for rides to gigs, reviewing the sets, or whatever.
People sometimes share computers.
People sometimes sleep outside in very hot weather as it is too hot indoors.
People sometimes speak in shorthand.
People sometimes speak in voices of hatred, contempt, and fear.
People sometimes speak of good karma and bad karma, pleasant and unpleasant.
People sometimes speak of operating modes .
People sometimes spend too much time thinking about work and money.
People sometimes stigmatize women players as jocks.
People sometimes stop in there before they have their meetings here.
People sometimes stop taking an antibiotic when they feel better.
People sometimes suggest provisioning our bandwidth according to a per-use standard.
People sometimes suggest that if a job is worth doing, it s worth doing perfectly.
People sometimes take their internal body health for granted.
People sometimes take what our military does for granted.
People sometimes talk as if everything in the religious history of man had been done by officials.
People sometimes think that a good return can be achieved with little or no risk.
People sometimes think that being able to code in assembly is hot stuff.
People sometimes think that meditation is escaping from daily activities of life.
People sometimes think that there's fireworks going off and drugs and naked women.
People sometimes think the best way to make a point is to repeat the testimony of other speakers.
People sometimes think the book causes things.
People sometimes think they are constipated when in fact there is really nothing to worry about.
People sometimes think they are pests because they get into garbage or eat gardens.
People sometimes think though that only older people get cancer.
People sometimes throw garbage into water.
People sometimes throw the term around lightly, but a migraine is more than just a bad headache.
People sometimes train animals, such as dogs or monkeys, to adopt such a pose on command.
People sometimes travel there to ski in winter.
People sometimes turn up their noses at local bands, but every band is local somewhere.
People sometimes underestimate our strength, but they're crazy to do that.
People sometimes undergo carrier screening well before they decide to have children.
People sometimes use a hot fast boil as a substitute for a cool soak overnight.
People sometimes use arrow pushing to draw how electrons move around during a reaction .
People sometimes use arrow pushing to draw how electrons move around during a reaction.
People sometimes use credible when they mean credulous .
People sometimes use nonviolent methods without being aware that they are doing so.
People sometimes use politeness as a cloak behind which to hide hateful behavior.
People sometimes use ugly, vicious curses when they're angry.
People sometimes visit friends and family in another city or country.
People sometimes wait until they drive home to report a suspicious vehicle.
People sometimes walk down the street humming the tune of a jingle.
People sometimes wonder about how to approach a priest.
People sometimes wonder how orthotics can correct knee or hip problems.
People sometimes wonder how the eggs within the egg mass survive over winter.
People sometimes wonder if it is impolite to ask questions about the person's stuttering.
People sometimes wonder whether a little inflation is really all bad.
People sometimes wonder why it is that children suffer.
People sometimes wonder why the birthplaces of famous people are so important.
People sometimes work together in duos or trios.
People sometimes worry about computerised reports looking well, computerised.
People usually accept and often seek responsibility.
People usually accept only checks from a Costa Rican bank.
People usually acknowledge that Russia is something special.
People usually act more self-conscious when they are being watched or filmed.
People usually agree to differ in a civilised way.
People usually answer that question non-verbally or they use metaphorical language.
People usually apply themselves to the things they consider to be really important.
People usually approach tests with the goal to finish.
People usually approach the screen in the spirit of self-reflection.
People usually arrive at all different times and leave at all different times.
People usually ask artists about sources, inspiration and ideas.
People usually ask for information by topic.
People usually ask it hesitantly, as tactfully as they can, but they ask it.
People usually associate industry with smokestacks, conveyor belts, and large machinery.
People usually associate Iowa with cornfields.
People usually associate underlined text with hyperlinks to other Web pages.
People usually associate underlined text with live hyperlinks to other Web pages.
People usually assume that paintball is a very expensive sport.
People usually become ill within a month.
People usually become infected by drinking contaminated, unpurified water.
People usually become infected during the summer, when they are more likely to be exposed to ticks.
People usually become infected with the fungus through breathing.
People usually become lawyers partly because they want to counsel people.
People usually become pescetarians for reasons of health .
People usually become pescetarians for reasons of health.
People usually begin to act in ways to regain control or competency.
People usually boil or dry cassava to make it safe.
People usually bring gifts.
People usually bring their own lunch.
People usually bring too many clothes and too little film.
People usually buy candy to hand out to the children who come to their door.
People usually buy chocolates, flowers or soft toys to give on special occasion.
People usually buy clones because they cost less than name-brand machines.
People usually buy in new, clean, convenient, and comfortable surroundings.
People usually buy long-term care policies from private insurance companies.
People usually buy term insurance to get the most death protection for their money.
People usually call four to six weeks ahead.
People usually catch rabies from being bitten by wild animals.
People usually change clothes, e.g., T-shirts, pretty frequently.
People usually choose to come to the United States instead of going back to China.
People usually come in as a last resort.
People usually come in early in the morning or right after work to get a haircut.
People usually come in here to talk about other problems, like work.
People usually come on a monthly basis.
People usually come to listen.
People usually come to mediation with concrete issues in mind.
People usually complain about all the noise that tree frogs make.
People usually complain about school food.
People usually complain about what went wrong when they have so much to be thankful for.
People usually complain of pain along the shin where the muscle meets the bone.
People usually consider walking on water or in thin air a miracle.
People usually continue to pay on their car loan or home mortgage after filing for bankruptcy.
People usually cope quite well even after a sleepless night.
People usually cover up unpleasant news because they hate facing the consequences.
People usually dance to disco music at bars called disco clubs.
People usually decide to give the tax exemption to the spouse who has custody most of the time.
People usually define success by the size of the paycheck.
People usually delay doing some things, today's till tomorrow, and yesterday's till today.
People usually describe the pain as severe or tearing when an aneurysm begins to leak or rupture.
People usually develop agoraphobia sometime between their teen years and their mid-thirties.
People usually die of secondary infection, such as pneumonia.
People usually do better if they have daily activities to look forward to.
People usually do it for safety reasons or to avoid being pulled over.
People usually do live up to the names they're called - for better or worse.
People usually do something small and manageable.
People usually do their own street.
People usually do well at the things they enjoy.
People usually do.
People usually don t sexually assault others in public.
People usually drink it hot.
People usually drink less at a morning or afternoon weddings too.
People usually drink milkshakes with a drinking straw and from a tall glass or cup .
People usually drink milkshakes with a drinking straw and from a tall glass or cup.
People usually drink water at the end of the meal.
People usually drive slower here than they do elsewhere in the Caribbean and traffic can be heavy.
People usually drive their cars to go to work and go shopping.
People usually eat considerably more than that in a day's worth of ordinary meals.
People usually eat it after a meal.
People usually eat pupusas at breakfast and dinner.
People usually end dives due to air, decompression or cold considerations.
People usually end up buying their own.
People usually end up pretty much where they expect.
People usually end up sweaty, especially towards the end.
People usually end up with both arms hanging down to the floor with gobs of pamphlets.
People usually enjoy discussing their experiences overseas.
People usually enjoy the activity.
People usually enjoy the opportunity to discuss their work.
People usually excuse such behavior they are in power and they don t have to change.
People usually exit the competition before they win because of the mental anguish.
People usually expect a pat on the back.
People usually experience a sense of well-being when in an altered state of consciousness.
People usually experience a wonderful sense of well-being when in an altered state of consciousness.
People usually fail when they are on the verge of success.
People usually fear blindness above all other disabilities.
People usually feed animals junk food, and they can find plenty of nutritious food in the wild.
People usually feel a sense of deep heat, which can be a relaxing or tingling sensation.
People usually feel a sharp stinging pain when the needle enters their skin .
People usually feel a sharp stinging pain when the needle enters their skin.
People usually feel all right about the kids they have in their town.
People usually feel heartburn as a burning sensation or pain behind the breastbone.
People usually feel more comfortable with sites that offer newsletters.
People usually feel most comfortable and relaxed when they are using the functions of their type.
People usually feel they've reached fifty prematurely.
People usually figure it out because of erratic behavior or blank periods of time in their memory.
People usually figure it out on their own.
People usually fill up on proteins and starches, neglecting fruits and vegetables.
People usually find foot warts on the bottoms of their feet.
People usually find it easy to identify with a leader whom they can respect and admire.
People usually find out about the deli by word of mouth.
People usually find the ones in the books when they are alone and in the a mood to read.
People usually focus on one type of sign when they begin a collection.
People usually follow what they observe management s position to be.
People usually forget to give back after they have made it.
People usually get acne on their face and on their forehead.
People usually get chancres near the genitals, but they can form anywhere on the body.
People usually get excited when they experience a nice optical illusion.
People usually get frustrated and leave.
People usually get genital warts a few months after getting the virus.
People usually get get rabies from the bite of a rabid animal.
People usually get it from a flea bite.
People usually get knowledge from their organizational neighbors.
People usually get plague from being bitten by a rodent flea that is carrying the plague bacterium.
People usually get rabies from the bite of a rabid animal.
People usually get sick within a month.
People usually get the kind of government they deserve.
People usually get the totally wrong idea of musical styles when it comes to mainstream music.
People usually get tired of life when their ideas become fixed.
People usually get tuberculosis because of a weakened immune system .
People usually get tuberculosis because of a weakened immune system.
People usually get well on their own with plenty of bedrest.
People usually give correct change.
People usually give flowers, dessert or small gifts as present.
People usually give notice around the first.
People usually give their title on leaving a job.
People usually go back and forth and are often in more than one stage at a time.
People usually go for cereal or fruits for breakfast, and sandwiches for lunch.
People usually go for long walks or long cycles .
People usually go in sportswear or everyday clothes, in sneakers and sun visors.
People usually grow enough for their families and to sell in local markets.
People usually hang lanterns in the gardens, outside the houses, and on the boats.
People usually hang up and try again.
People usually have a difficult time describing valuables that have been lost to a fire or burglary.
People usually have a fever and a hard time breathing.
People usually have a lot invested in being right.
People usually have a mixture of diseased veins and each type of vein requires different treatment.
People usually have a sense of well-being, which is very different from a lot of other medications.
People usually have affairs to find love and appreciation.
People usually have an idea of what they want.
People usually have good reasons for doing what they do.
People usually have ideals they compare their loved ones to.
People usually have more friends outside their neighborhood than within it.
People usually have more itches in the warmer months due to bug bites, poison ivy and bee stings.
People usually have no eye symptoms during the initial infection.
People usually have one or more copies of the Bible in their homes at any given time.
People usually have one or two great film in their career and lifetime to love or boast about.
People usually have phobias that deal with objects , situations or activities.
People usually have plastic surgery for their own benefits.
People usually have the wrong impression about snakes.
People usually have three weeks in each country.
People usually have to borrow to buy a house or a car.
People usually have to move from branch to branch to gain a variety of experience.
People usually have to pay to subscribe to cable television .
People usually have to pay to subscribe to cable television.
People usually have to return to the clinic at regular intervals to see if the infection has gone.
People usually have two copies of the gene, one inherited from each parent.
People usually have two kidneys, and one is all that is needed to live a normal life.
People usually injure themselves privately.
People usually itemize only when their deductions add up to be more than the standard deduction.
People usually keep birth notices, marriage announcements, and obituaries stashed away somewhere.
People usually know what jokes lists and list jokes are.
People usually know when they are bitten by a bat.
People usually know when they are lacking the most basic necessities.
People usually know when they have been bitten by a bat.
People usually lie when they are afraid.
People usually light an incense stick or agarbatti and pour water on the plant during the prayer .
People usually light an incense stick or agarbatti and pour water on the plant during the prayer.
People usually like that sort of solitude for short periods.
People usually like to help.
People usually look their best, and feel pretty good too, when they re formally dressed.
People usually lose money when they have been pushed in to a bad decision.
People usually make friends with people similar to themselves.
People usually make more money if they love what they are doing, when work is fun and enjoyable.
People usually make room to pull in and allow for merging traffic.
People usually make their own arrangements through negotiation.
People usually manage to organize efficient and productive activities within the workplace.
People usually marry rather than indulge in pre-marital sex.
People usually nod, and say interesting with a knowing look.
People usually opt for what is most effective.
People usually overrate their ability to tolerate sun.
People usually pay property tax to the county, school district, local government, or water district.
People usually pay their bills at banks or the municipal office.
People usually perceive leaders as larger than life.
People usually picture an anorectic or bulimic as a young affluent, overachieving woman.
People usually place different weights on gains and losses and on different ranges of probability.
People usually play at levels from beginners to decent.
People usually pour fuel more slowly from a portable container than it is delivered by a dispenser.
People usually prefer consume gudheg for their breakfast.
People usually prefer getting answers themselves to asking someone.
People usually prefer to eat baby turnip greens raw, such as in salads just like radishes are used.
People usually prepare themselves for the dangers of increased temperatures.
People usually preview homes on the weekend.
People usually procrastinate selectively.
People usually raise of variety of concerns if they oppose new low income housing projects.
People usually rate themselves by putting themselves up or down.
People usually reach agreement through conciliation.
People usually read a lot of fucked-up shit.
People usually recognize and are comfortable with a change in their mood.
People usually recognize photographs of individuals based on a familiarity of the subject.
People usually recover completely without any serious long-term problems.
People usually recover from a strained back or a mildly herniated disc in a few days.
People usually recover fully.
People usually recover on their own and develop some immunity to future infections.
People usually recover slowly, but completely.
People usually remain seated or lying down during the experience.
People usually remain with the political party to which their parents belonged.
People usually remarry someone with fewer negative qualities than the ex-spouse.
People usually report that it is very freeing.
People usually respect the mosque and just take pictures.
People usually respond with individualism.
People usually ride in a gondola, a large box or room under the blimp.
People usually roast joints of meats such as pork, beef, chicken, lamb, and duck.
People usually run out of time in their activities.
People usually save old newspaper obituaries.
People usually say it is the unity that counts.
People usually say pots or pans or pictures for barren walls.
People usually say that imitation is the best form of compliment.
People usually say the opposite.
People usually search in groups of words or phrases.
People usually see others for who they really are.
People usually select an urn that they consider appropriate or symbolic of their loved one.
People usually select any artificial or live tree to display in home.
People usually send to parents, relatives, friends, acquaintances, teachers and go-betweens.
People usually serve on the same day each month.
People usually shorten names that are too much of a mouthful anyway.
People usually sign a contract when something important or costly is being done.
People usually sing traditional carnival songs in Creole.
People usually sit in a circle and listen to their songs.
People usually sleep very late, sometimes at dawn, after spending long times in mosques.
People usually slur it when they say it.
People usually sort themselves out in society into occupations they choose based on personality.
People usually spend their vacation away from home.
People usually stand there with their jaws open because it's full of weird things.
People usually start and run businesses in areas that they are interested in and enjoy.
People usually start here and enjoy it.
People usually start higher than what they really want.
People usually start out as workers.
People usually stay late in the night.
People usually steal when two conditions are met.
People usually stop and pick up a fisherman.
People usually stop at stop signs.
People usually sweat during sleep, so futons absorb sweat and collect moisture.
People usually take a lamb.
People usually take a nap after lunch.
People usually take anti-coagulation medication for about three to six weeks after surgery.
People usually take degrees to enhance their career opportunities.
People usually take out enough insurance to satisfy the law s minimum requirements.
People usually take several courses in a year.
People usually take three basic positions on the origins of the cosmos, life, and man.
People usually talk about saving for particular things, like college, a car, or a computer.
People usually talk to a close friend before talking to an attorney.
People usually tend to use a wide variety of treatments to get their hair more lush and healthy.
People usually think it's bigger than it is.
People usually think medical treatment helps sick people to get healthy .
People usually think medical treatment helps sick people to get healthy.
People usually think of a newborn as having no teeth.
People usually think of a PC as a serious tool and associate it mostly with work.
People usually think of cryptography as a means to secure private transmission of data.
People usually think of entrepreneurs in terms of the smallest, start-up businesses.
People usually think of it as the other way around.
People usually think of parks as places for enjoyment.
People usually think that as the sponge dries there is no longer any danger from bacteria.
People usually think the animal needs their help and want to bring it in.
People usually think the chasing rabbits movement is cute.
People usually think the company makes marshmallows or motor oil.
People usually think the special educators are the people teaching children with special needs.
People usually think they are, especially the leetle ones.
People usually throw away their old laptops , cameras , computers , cell phones and televisions .
People usually throw away their old laptops, cameras, computers, cell phones and televisions.
People usually tighten their belts a little bit.
People usually tip the driver.
People usually trade for both cognitive and emotional reasons.
People usually trade shares in stocks through a broker.
People usually try to get out of extreme heat before they begin to feel ill.
People usually try to get out of extreme heat or cold before they begin to feel ill.
People usually try to lose weight by eating less .
People usually try to lose weight by eating less.
People usually turn their heads away when they realize what the protest is about.
People usually underestimate their capacity to forget material.
People usually undergo a series of crushes, infatuations, and loves between infancy and adulthood.
People usually use a protractor to measure and draw angles.
People usually use it to decorate the salad for their holiday dinner.
People usually use one given name followed by their family name.
People usually use religion to ask for blessings.
People usually use the common train including subway to go to work, school, and playing.
People usually use the terms predator and prey to refer to animals.
People usually use the word beating to describe an assault.
People usually use there last name in Japan, only good friends use their first.
People usually veer to the right.
People usually visit izakayas in groups.
People usually wash themselves periodically.
People usually wear at least three hats in life.
People usually wear less clothing at the beach and spend a lot of time in a horizonal position.
People usually wear shoes in public .
People usually wear shoes in public.
People usually win.
People usually write or print using black ink, but ink can be any color.
All people always come to a pond and fish carps with fishing-rods.
All people acknowledge a person who is willing to stand up for what they believe.
All people act politically in their everyday lives.
All people actively contribute to their communities.
All people admire youth and beauty.
All people allowedinto the concert are people who have tickets.
All people appear to be conscious.
All people appreciate straight talk.
All people approve to the agenda.
All people are able to achieve divinity.
All people are able to receive.
All people are able to think logically correct, at least to some extent.
All people are actors in history.
All people are alike and some have one kind of problem, some have another kind of problem.
All people are alike in some ways and different in other ways.
All people are alike in that they share the frailties of human nature.
All people are alike.
All people are at risk.
All people are basically mean and cruel.
All people are beautiful in one way or another.
All people are beautiful.
All people are biochemically unique.
All people are bisexual.
All people are by nature children of wrath.
All people are by nature free and independent and have inalienable rights.
All people are by nature sinners, without excuse.
All people are capable of expecting certain outcomes based on past patterns.
All people are capable of making the important decisions in their lives.
All people are capable of thinking for themselves .
All people are capable of thinking for themselves.
All people are carriers of hundreds, even thousands, of harmless retroviruses.
All people are complex, regardless of the presence or absence of a disability.
All people are concerned with it.
All people are confused.
All people are curious and fascinated by watching magic and everyone loves to laugh and have fun .
All people are different , yet all are important.
All people are different and have their own individual problems.
All people are different from each other.
All people are different to communicate to.
All people are different, and disabilities impact upon different people in different ways.
All people are different, and the use of different basal doses allows for fine-tuning.
All people are different, and with that comes different levels of physical fitness.
All people are different.
All people are dumb.
All people are dust in the wind, and egos are forgotten.
All people are either winners, losers or a mixture of both.
All people are equal and all people deserve a chance.
All people are equal before the One, no amount of power can ever change that.
All people are equal in front of the virus.
All people are equal partners in a cooperative association of producers.
All people are equal, no matter what.
All people are equal, regardless of race, sex, or beliefs.
All people are equal.
All people are essentially a scent generator.
All people are fallible and make mistakes.
All people are fallible and mistakes are easily made in typing and inputting large amounts of data.
All people are fallible, and everyone makes mistakes.
All people are fictious though the places can be based upon reality.
All people are for one, and one for all, for the preservation of the valley.
All people are free and there is much beauty in nature.
All people are free to accept or reject any belief that they wish.
All people are free to worship as they like.
All people are fundamentally the same.
All people are good and can do no evil, but all believe otherwise.
All people are good.
All people are grass, their constancy is like the flower of the field.
All people are grass.
All people are hermaphrodites, utterly androgynous in personality and form.
All people are honest and hard working.
All people are hungry, wanting.
All people are imperfect, requiring boundaries for behavior.
All people are important.
All people are individual human beings worthy of dignity, are interesting and important.
All people are individuals with unique ways of living and developing in multicultural communities.
All people are inherently creative.
All people are innocent in the light of love.
All people are interested in eating wholesome, nourishing food of high quality.
All people are interested in insuring peace.
All people are intolerant, all people discriminate against certain things.
All people are learners and all are leaders.
All people are like grass.
All people are likely to have the fungus as a member of the normal flora from time to time.
All people are members of the same family.
All people are mongrels.
All people are of greatest value.
All people are one.
All people are part of a changing and dynamic relationship with other people.
All people are part of a continuum of human lives.
All people are people .
All people are people of color.
All people are potential leaders.
All people are rational maximizers, but they differ on what they maximize.
All people are rational.
All people are real, in the deepest sense of that word.
All people are responsible and accountable for their own actions.
All people are responsible for cleaning up trash and messes they have created.
All people are responsible for contributing to their community.
All people are responsible for the environment.
All people are responsible for their own actions.
All people are responsible to and for each other.
All people are safe in their homes, workplaces, schools and neighborhoods.
All people are sexual beings and sexual expression is a natural and important part of life.
All people are sexual beings from birth to death.
All people are sinful.
All people are sinners by birth.
All people are soon to be inventoried like livestock.
All people are sorrowful.
All people are special, and all moments are golden.
All people are spiritual beings who are a part of a very advanced higher self.
All people are supose to be treated equal no matter what race or sex they are.
All people are the fruit of love.
All people are the same species.
All people are the same, only their habits differ.
All people are to be associated with and evangelised.
All people are to be taken seriously, and are to be assumed to understand their own motivations.
All people are to some degree creative.
All people are totally equal.
All people are unique and diversity is good.
All people are unique and valuable.
All people are unique in the ways they find to heal themselves.
All people are unique individuals who share the same human characteristics.
All people are unique, and diversity is good.
All people are unique, similar, and different in their own way.
All people are unique.
All people are uniquely special, and welcome to write.
All people are unsure as they begin to establish relationships with new people.
All people are valuable.
All people are vulnerable to something, and most are susceptible to poisons.
All people are welcome and are encouraged to attend.
All people are welcome and encouraged to attend and learn together.
All people are welcome at gay and lesbian spirituality.
All people are welcome at meetings, regardless of sexual orientation.
All people are welcome here and are encouraged to participate as fully as they desire.
All people are welcome here.
All People are Welcome Here.
All people are welcome in our home.
All people are welcome into the organization.
All people are welcome regardless of sexual orientation or religious affiliation.
All people are welcome regardless of their sexual orientation or religious affiliation.
All people are welcome to attend the meetings and all members are entitled to vote at the meetings.
All people are welcome to attend.
All people are welcome to come there, as many as it can accommodate.
All people are welcome to experience another culture through the art of dance.
All people are welcome to join as participants.
All people are welcome to join the council and attend their regular meetings.
All people are welcome to join together to let the world be a more compassionate place.
All people are welcome to join.
All people are welcome to participate as their circumstances suggest.
ALL people are welcome, but be respectful.
All people are welcome.
All people are works in progress.
All people are worth at least something to a company.
All people are worthy of respect.
All people arrested are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.
All people arriving at a terminal want to go to the car rental.
All people ask boundary questions at least during rites of passage.
All people assimilate information at a different rate.
All People Be the organization which most highly values all our people and honors their differences.
All people become brothers.
All people become sinful in their nature and in their behavior.
All people begin to develop atherosclerosis at birth, and in some people it leads to complications.
All people behave inappropriately from time to time, often inadvertently.
All people believe in something and shape their lives around it.
All people believe that certain values are good and that their opposites are bad.
All people believe, at some level, in such a thing as the moral law.
All people belong to a social system of three elements.
All people belong to one human family.
All people belong to the human family.
All people burn the same number of calories per activity no matter how much they weigh.
All people can adapt their leadership style to the situation.
All people can and want to learn.
All people can be asset builders for others.
All people can be peace workers.
All people can be successful learners.
All people can be wrong, it's a very human trait.
All people can benefit from having high self-esteem.
All people can benefit from the approach.
All people can benefit.
All people can change.
All people can communicate.
All people can compartmentalize - there are aspects of our being that are separate from our kids.
All people can die in a physical sense but they continue on after death.
All people can ever have is an idea of what knowledge is.
All people can expect dedication and excellence from every member of our team.
All people can express their opinion.
All people can grow and develop.
All people can grow if provided the opportunity.
All people can know they are saved.
All people can learn and contribute to society.
All people can learn and learn best through positive relationships.
All people can learn and that learning is a life-long process.
All people can learn and they do so at different rates and in different ways.
All people can learn but are unique and learn differently.
All people can learn but in different ways.
All people can learn more effectively.
All people can learn throughout their lives.
All people can learn to their potential.
All people can learn, and merit opportunities to reach their potential.
All people can learn, change and improve.
All people can learn.
All People can learn.
All people can make a positive contribution to the lives of others.
All people can mediate grace.
All people can place themselves at risk.
All people can reach a good fitness level with regular exercise.
All people can see is the glamor.
All people can see is the outcome.
All people can verify their own goverment, if that goverment are.
All people change something about the way they live in order to adapt to their environment.
All people change their philosophy through their life.
All people come from god.
All people come together under one banner.
All people communicate both with and without words.
All people communicate.
All people constantly fluctuate from the dead center of absolute sanity.
All people contribute to the larger story.
All people create their own success and fulfillment by generating and exercising choice.
All people decide then expose their vote simultaneously.
All people derive comfort and delight from the diversity of nature and the miracles of life.
All people deserve dignity and to be treated like human beings.
All people deserve equal protection from environmental pollution.
All people deserve equal things.
All people deserve full access to their environment.
All people deserve good, safe sex.
All people deserve happy, fulfilling lives.
All people deserve opportunities for lifelong learning.
All people deserve opportunity for good life.
All people deserve respect.
All people deserve to achieve their full potential .
All people deserve to be free and equal.
All people deserve to be treated fairly.
All people deserve to be treated with dignity and respet.
All people deserve to be treated with dignity.
All people deserve to be treated with respect and dignity.
All people deserveto have their needs met, and have opportunities to lead full, meaningfullives.
All people desire freedom of speech.
All people desire high quality, compassionate medical care.
All people desire the freedom to do what they wish, and a piece of the Earth to call their own.
All people desire to be a part of community efforts and feel included as part of the community.
All people develop their political views through the process of political socialization.
All people die, for death is but an inevitable chapter in the scheme of life.
All people differ from each other psychologically.
All people discover dating, friendships, romance, marriage, other.
All people do at that place is smoke.
All people do have the right to be heard in a fair manner.
All people do is camp it and kill anyone else stupid enough to go for it.
All people do.
All people doing athletic training at altitude have the potential to make gains.
All people don t want to be leaders.
All people drink and eat as much as they want and play different games.
All people encounter problems from time to time that hinder spiritual and emotional growth.
All people engage in a broad range of routines every day of their lives.
All people engage in manipulative behavior at times.
All people enjoy physical, mental, and chemical well being, healthy lifestyles and fitness.
All people eventually die.
All people eventually reach an age when they are accountable for their own beliefs.
All people ever worry about is how everything looks on top.
All people everywhere have a conscience.
All people everywhere have the same human rights which no one can take away.
All people exercise faith.
All people exhibit all four behavioral factors in varying degrees of intensity.
All people exhibit behavior in each dimension.
All people experience evil to some degree in their personal lives.
All people experience grief.
All people experience pain from time to time.
All people experience periods of sadness.
All people experience stress.
All people experience tiredness, but it manifests itself in different ways.
All people face severe crises in life.
All people fall over and rot.
All people feel guilty sometimes, except psychopaths.
All people feel lost deep down in their hearts.
All people feel stress, but they feel it in different amounts and react in different ways.
All people feel stress, but they feel it in different amounts and react to it in different ways.
All people find themselves in the minority at some point.
All people get around and then they pray, sing, and dance.
All people get their important health care needs met.
All people go in and out of healthy and unhealthy psychological functioning.
All people go through a state akin to hypnosis before falling asleep.
All people go through a state akin to hypnosis before going to sleep.
All people go through trails.
All People go to as they wish to.
All people grow, change and learn knew things about themselves.
All people have a basic right to be treated with respect, honesty, and dignity.
All people have a basic right to respect and dignity.
All people have a built in desire to be right and to be perceived as competent.
All people have a capacity to learn.
All people have a childhood.
All people have a closet in which they hide.
All people have a desire to feel worthwhile and important.
All people have a fundamental right to create, acquire and disseminate information.
All people have a fundamental right to life and liberty.
All people have a history that is uniquely their own.
All people have a problem.
All people have a range of comfortability when it comes to intimacy.
All people have a right and an obligation to participate in the economic life of society.
All people have a right to a high quality public education.
All people have a right to a safe environment.
All people have a right to be free from coercion, from violence to their mind or body.
All people have a right to continuing or higher education.
All people have a right to dignity that comes with making choices and taking risks.
All people have a right to feel good about themselves.
All people have a right to have their basic needs met and a responsiblity to contribute.
All people have a right to health.
All people have a right to life and to secure the basic necessities of life.
All people have a right to live in and be part of the community.
All people have a right to live safely and securely under the Constitution.
All people have a right to love and value what is good in their own heritage.
All people have a right to participate in decisions that affect their lives.
All people have a right to participate in helping make the decisions that affect their lives.
All people have a right to privacy in their own homes.
All people have a right to religious freedom.
All people have a right to self-respect and dignity.
All people have a right to survive regardless of legal status.
All people have a right to their thoughts, and therefore to their opinions.
All people have a right to understand and explore many world views of the past.
All people have a right to universal access to and equitable use of cyberspace.
All people have a shared responsibility at home and abroad.
All people have access to doctors, hospitals, clinics and medicines, completely free of all charges.
All people have access to food from a healthful, sustainable environment.
All people have access to the same tee times.
All people have an ancestral home.
All people have an equal opportunity to succeed in life.
All people have an inherent right to be treated with dignity and to be respected as a whole person.
All people have areas in which they are prone to worry.
All people have areas of relative inherent strengths, as well as weaknesses.
All people have arguments and disagreements with their partners.
All people have assumptions, judgments, and prejudices about the world.
All people have at least ten faults.
All people have basic needs - food, survival, and a place to belong.
All people have basic needs and wants.
All people have basic needs in common critical to the fullest development of their potential.
All people have beliefs that they believe to be true at the depths of their being.
All people have capabilities and qualities.
All people have celebrations.
All people have confusing feelings.
All people have contributions to make.
All people have core instincts that are identical.
All people have creative ability, and express it in accord with their personal style.
All people have days when they seem to function better or worse than on others.
All people have definite concepts of self.
All people have depression as a mood at times in their life.
All people have different karma.
All people have different personalities, preferences and tastes.
All people have different versions, different methods of performing the ceremony.
All people have different ways of dealing with illness, death, and grief.
All people have difficulty keeping secrets.
All people have dignity and deserve respect.
All people have dreams and aspirations.
All people have equal access to power, information, and action.
All people have equal intrinsic value.
All people have equal intrinsic worth.
All people have equal moral opportunity.
All people have equal rights and freedoms.
All people have equal value.
All people have equal worth and each individual is unique.
All people have equal, intrinsic worth.
All people have evil.
All people have faith.
All people have fetal hemoglobin in their circulation before birth.
All people have free-choice in everything.
All people have freedom of speech, press, religion and peaceful assembly.
All people have gas in the intestinal tract, although proportions vary from person to person.
All people have gender, height, weight, eye color, etc.
All people have gifts and talents.
ALL people have gifts, strengths, and talents.
All people have good days and bad days.
All people have higher and special education.
All people have holidays and Queensland is blooming as the best place to holiday.
All people have hopes and dreams, needs and fears.
All people have hopes, plans, and dreams for their families, their jobs, and their lives.
All people have identities.
All people have inalienable rights to create their own way of behavior.
All people have inalienable rights to their own health.
All people have inalienable rights to their own life.
All people have inalienable rights to their own protection.
All people have inalienable rights to their own religious practices and their usage.
All people have individual physical, emotional, and spiritual needs.
All people have inherent value.
All people have inherent worth and deserve to be treated with respect.
All people have inherent worth and value.
All people have inherent worth, and learning is enhanced by a positive self-concept.
All people have insight as a result of their combined life experiences.
All people have instincts and most have bad habits.
All people have intrinsic worth.
All people have invisible wings.
All people have one attribute.
All people have one thing in common.
All people have problems.
All people have reasons for behaving as they do.
All people have rights simply by virtue of the fact that they are human.
All people have rights.
All people have sin when they are conceived.
All people have something that they keep hidden.
All people have strengths and challenges in learning.
ALL people have strengths, gifts, and talents.
All people have such templates.
All people have the ability to play in both corec, men's or women's divisions.
All people have the absolute right to find and live their own spiritual path.
All people have the capacity to achieve.
All people have the choice to change.
All people have the equal right to use library.
All people have the potential for growth, development, and change.
All people have the potential to become responsible citizens.
All people have the potential to communicate in a visually creative way.
All people have the potential to grow and to develop physically, intellectually and emotionally.
All people have the responsibility to behave in ways that are equitable and sexually healthy.
All people have the responsibility to care for our environment.
All people have the right of access to education.
All people have the right of reply and to demand penalties for damage from media misinformation.
All people have the right to a diversity of languages.
All people have the right to a quality education.
All people have the right to a safe environment.
All people have the right to a safe, supportive and accepting learning environment.
All people have the right to access health care.
All people have the right to affordable health care.
All people have the right to an equal opportunity to achieve to their fullest potential.
All people have the right to be free from discrimination in the provision of government benefits.
All people have the right to be free from genetic discrimination.
All people have the right to be safe and secure.
All people have the right to be spoken to in a respectful manner.
All people have the right to be treated with dignity and respect.
All people have the right to be treated with dignity and understanding.
All people have the right to be treated with respect and dignity.
All people have the right to be treated with respect.
All people have the right to define their lives and shape their future.
All people have the right to expect health and educational support concerning their sexuality.
All people have the right to experience the Bible in their birth language.
All people have the right to experience their sexuality as a healthy part of who they are.
All people have the right to express their sexual experiences in any media.
All people have the right to feel good about themselves.
All people have the right to feel safe, appreciated, respected, and treated fairly.
All people have the right to form and graduate from relationships.
All people have the right to have been conceived, gestated, and born without genetic manipulation.
All people have the right to leave any country, including their own, and return to their country.
All people have the right to life.
All people have the right to marry anyone they want, regardless of sexuality or gender.
All people have the right to meet together and to form groups.
All people have the right to own their bodies.
All people have the right to preservation of the Earth s biological and genetic diversity.
All people have the right to privacy.
All people have the right to protect their cultural identity.
All people have the right to quality health care.
All people have the right to seek, to know, and to find.
All people have the right to self-determination.
All people have the right to smoke-free air.
All people have the right to speak honestly about their needs and feelings.
All people have the right to take control over their own lives and future.
All people have the right to talk to someone without anyone else finding out what they have said.
All people have the right to the best available medical treatment for radiation-related diseases.
All people have the right to the dignity of risk.
All people have the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.
All people have the right to their artistic, historic and cultural riches.
All people have the right to true and comprehensive information on the nuclear waste problem.
All people have the right to use birth control.
All people have the right to valid information on the consequences of alcohol.
All people have the right to work in a safe and healthy working environment.
All people have the right to work reasonable hours and receive pay for public holidays.
All people have the rights to own land other kinds of property in any part of Zambia.
All people have the same amount of melanocytes per square centimetre of skin.
All people have the same conditions to spend a life in harmony and without compulsion.
All people have the same eye color - a proof by mathematical induction.
All people have the spirit, it is just a matter of careful guidance.
All people have their arms get tired.
All people have their own personal bias, and managers are no different.
All people have their own sets of the misadventure-inclined.
All people have their own system of religion and philosophy.
All people have their own types of insanity.
All people have their owns views.
All people have their rights to an opinion and their rights to express that opinion.
All people have their special days when events from the past are celebrated in some traditional way.
All people have to buy fruits.
All people have to decide between their options.
All people have to do is find the song or artist from our booklets and fill in the request form.
All people have to do is go back to being honest.
All people have to do is look up.
All people have to do is ride.
All people have to do is show up at one of our locations.
All people have to do is to type in the domain name in that language.
All people have to do is type in the domain name in that language.
All people have to strive to be kind.
All people have two brains which operate somewhat independently of one another.
All people have two copies of most genes.
All people have unlimited potential to effect change through individual and team efforts.
All people have unlimited power and potential.
All people have value and can offer meaningful, important contributions to their communities.
All people have value and deserve respect.
All people have value as human beings and as members of the human family.
All people have value just because they are alive.
All people have varying natural abilities in all endeavors, remote viewing is no different.
All people have worth.
All people hear about are the spectacular success stories.
All people here are professionals and deserve to be treated as such.
All people here think about is colleges, baseball, horses and cowboys.
All people hold both positions simultaneously.
All people inherently have worth.
All people inherit varying degrees of susceptibility to seizures.
All people involved in committees please meet with leaders.
All people involved in the tournament are non-paid volunteers.
All people learn at different rates, and there are many different ways in which people best learn.
All people learn differently.
All people learn in different ways.
All people learn in sequence, from the unknown to the known.
All people learn that it's OK to abuse nature and dominate living creatures.
All people like it especially because it overpowers any bad smell in the vicinity.
All people like to be stroked.
All people like to be treated with dignity and respect, even when they are purchasing tires.
All people like to eat good food.
All people live by some type of religiously based code of conduct.
All people live in a specific environment.
All people living here are very cautious.
All people living here stay young forever.
All people look different in every nationality.
All people look silly when they yawn.
All people look to their leaders for guidance in what experiences are good and important.
All people love the trees and rivers that make our world beautiful.
All people make choices.
All people make decisions based on past experiences.
All people make mistakes as teenagers or young adults.
All people make mistakes.
All people make moral judgements about issues all the time.
All people mentioned are great talents.
All people move to their own beat.
All people naturally pronate and supinate but excessive movement either way can be problematic.
All people now sin.
All people occasionally do things that benefit others.
All people perform better in some areas and worse in others.
All people possess a set of masks.
All people possess equal inherent worth.
All people possess fundamental human rights and responsibilities.
All people possess inalienable human and constitutional rights.
All people possess some musical intelligence if only to navigate their environment.
All people prepare for the festival.
All people produce the same pathology when affected with the same disease.
All people project a persona.
All people reach it, after a while.
All people reach the point of readiness at different times.
All people react the same way.
All people read books.
All people readily help each other to accomplish the work to achieve more.
All people receive good and bad merit from their ancestors.
All people receive odd and bad merit from their ancestors.
All people recognize the importance of love.
All people relate to trees in some way.
All people remember are two playoff losses.
All people residing in any society express a willingness to be creative.
All people respect each other,and are kind to everyone.
All people respond to being genuinely loved.
All people respond to tragedy differently.
All people respond well, regardless of age.
All people say, yes, they do.
All people see is the chair.
All people seek goodness and truth.
All people seek to discover meaning in human existence.
All people seek to live in an environment that offers a comfortable living.
All people seek what is right and true.
All people seem to want is change.
All people share emotions of joy and experience hurt.
All people share in the responsibility for their learning.
All people share in the task of stopping any hatred or racism.
All people shop for food, clothing and other necessities.
All people show different facets of themselves in different settings and with different people.
All people sin . . .
All people sin.
All people smile in the same language .
All people smile in the same language.
All people speak Spanish but many also speak English and the pace of life is slow and easy.
All people start out as atheists, and then most are later taught theism by their parents or others.
All people struggle with some things, but a disability is more severe.
All people suffer from distractibility, impulsivity and excess energy at one time or another.
All people suffer from it, whatever nation they belong to.
All people suffer illness and eventually die.
All people suffer loss.
All people suffering because of sin are families of the ground, that same cursed ground.
All people take comfort in knowing about their heritage.
All people taking sleep medicines have some risk of becoming dependent on the medicine.
All people talk about their hopes, dreams or the intricacies of their days.
All people teach, all people learn.
All people tell lies or have told lies.
All people tend to distrust others who are different, and the Jewish people are always different.
All people think faster than they speak.
ALL people think much the same thoughts, say much the same words and do much the same actions.
All people thrive in a reward-based environment, which contributes to each person feeling valued.
All people use all three ways of communicating, thinking and learning.
All people use mental models to negotiate their daily lives.
All people view images differently.
All people view things their own way.
All people walk in the name of their god.
All people wear masks.
All people wearing hats have brown hair.
All people welcome to join.
All people welcome, pugs only please.
All people welcome.
All people when confronted with assault or rape do the best they can, given the situation.
All people wish to live in health and happiness, together with their families.
All people work.
All people write from particular sets of values, habits of mind, and information bases.
All people yearn to make sense of life, especially in times of crisis.
All peoples are equal on the circle.
All peoples are here, enemies live in peace .
All peoples are one.
All peoples can interbreed and produce fertile offspring.
All peoples can now be free.
All peoples depend on nature for life.
All peoples exclude the observer.
All peoples have an equal right to development.
All peoples have beautiful and useful contributions to make.
All peoples have loves and longings and griefs like our own.
ALL peoples have some form of oral art like music or poetry.
All peoples have the right of self-determination.
All peoples have the right to self-determination.
All peoples have their own traditions and habits.
All peoples have their own ways of dealing with conflict.
All peoples identify their culture as closely with their languages as with their religion.
All peoples now live in harmony with each other.
All peoples share so many fundamental similarities, despite superficial dissimilarities.
Any people can get real-time data from the probe via Internet Web site.
Any people can live in their own way that they think right.
Any people involved are subject to immediate arrest.
Every people deserves and needs a leader of exceptional moral courage.
Every people has a story about who they are.
Every people has the fundamental and inalianable right to self-determination.
Every people has the right to choose the country under which it wishes to live.
Every people have their holidays and their celebrations.
Every people have their own characteristics.
Every people have their sacred books.
Every people wants to magnify the importance of their own culture.
Many people always have problems with hardware.
Many people always leave fully loaded weapons around the house.
Many people always think they know when they are facing a problem.
Many people frequently exchange electronic messages with friends and colleagues.
Many people often associate lawyers with criminal law.
Many people often buy a desktop computer first, and then buy a portable as a second computer.
Many people often choose a password that is very easy to figure out.
Many people often demean and degrade anything that is different.
Many people often dream of being famous.
Many people often feel worse before they feel better.
Many people often find it useful to speak with other survivors.
Many people often find the pictures adorning our library as amusing.
Many people often forget the grit after the first round.
Many people often forget the header lines.
Many people often forget to take the electric garage door opener out of their car before leaving.
Many people often go to raves and techno festivals in other countries.
Many people often live their lives without considering how they plan to retire.
Many people often lose out financially due to poor legal preparation.
Many people often misunderstand what people are trying to say because of the speakers tone of voice.
Many people often pronounce it as chick-ma.
Many people often question what 'liberalism' is.
Many people often quit an exercise program because they make it too hard on themselves.
Many people often report that by increasing their water intake, their skin has a more radiant glow.
Many people often spell the word whisky as whiskey.
Many people often spend years going from doctor to doctor before receiving an accurate diagnosis.
Many people often suffer from irritation of the eyes, nose and throat.
Many people often take their prescribed medication only until they feel better.
Many people often think that soil or rock layers are found in flat even layers.
Many people often wonder about that question.
Many people often wonder exactly how different Australia is in comparison to the United States.
Many people often wonder how one goes about setting all of the sliders on an equalizer.
Many people often wonder how to tell the difference between a paradox and an oxymoron.
Many people usually have more then one symptom.
Many people abroad go back home to see their families.
Many people abroad look to see who is going to lead a fight here.
Many people abroad resent our success.
Many people abroad think the U.S. is dominated by one faith when in reality many faiths are here.
Many people abuse the welfare system.
Many people abuse their health year after year.
Many people accept animal research as an unfortunate necessity, while others see it as a non-issue.
Many people accept copyrights while rejecting patents.
Many people accept it and others openly admit it with no hint of shame or embarrassment.
Many people accept obesity as a fact of life.
Many people accept that, at some distant time, mankind and the dinosaurs coexisted.
Many people accept the institution's written renewal without question.
Many people accept their 'fate'.
Many people accept their gender roles.
Many people accept unhealthy relationships in their life.
Many people access local sites by IP address, rather than by name.
Many people access our website, including the media who use it to obtain news and research material.
Many people access the network using modems.
Many people access the site through a low-bandwidth modem.
Many people access the Web by modem, dramatically slowing the speed in which pages load.
Many people access the Web via modem.
Many people access their email with telnet.
Many people access usenet through a newsreader.
Many people accidentally give away their rights after an auto accident.
Many people accidentally provide a spouse s number.
Many people accomplish the longest rides of their lives out here.
Many people accomplish the same things in different ways.
Many people accumulate assets as a way to self-insure against future health care expenses.
Many people accumulate assets in various investments.
Many people accumulate money for protection.
Many people accumulate money simply because they envy other people.
Many people accumulate valuable real estate as they get older.
Many people accuse someone of performing fellatio as an insult.
Many people achieve great results by fencing vulnerable groups of plants within a yard.
Many people acquire a free email address to use with the personals.
Many people acquire the players as an adjunct to multimedia files that they download.
Many people acquire the virus as children.
Many people act as their own attorney.
Many people act out of their unconscious programs.
Many people act out of unresolved incest, molestation, violence and fear.
Many people act with impunity on the Internet because they are able to do so pseudonymously.
Many people actively seek it for the table.
Many people actually chew the fresh leaves, which works, but has a tendency to irritate the mouth.
Many people actually create their own stress.
Many people actually do their best work under pressure.
Many people actually do.
Many people actually don t put it on thick enough.
Many people actually expect the prices to actually increase on the older Jaguars.
Many people actually fall asleep during the examination.
Many people actually fall asleep during the scan and nap through the whole procedure.
Many people actually go on to bigger and better prospects.
Many people actually have a similar problem.
Many people actually have minimal neurological disability and live a normal life.
Many people actually live on the dump site itself.
Many people actually make a list to keep next to the phone or on the 'fridge.
Many people actually overcome their fears by getting dogs of their own.
Many people actually swallow air when they are eating causing bloating.
Many people actually think that possessing something carries some right of ownership.
Many people actually weep and fall ill.
Many people add a bay leaf to the mixture.
Many people add a few drops to their bottle of water and sip often.
Many people add a small amount of acid preservative to each container of fermented colostrum.
Many people add bar lines to their tablature, which is very helpful.
Many people add emoticons or smileys to their e-mail to clarify their meaning.
Many people add fresh fruit and even cookies.
Many people add knurling to factory cast bullets for greater lube retention.
Many people add oil to the water.
Many people add the vegetable in dishes because it features different health benefits.
Many people add to their hair problems by using the wrong kind of shampoo.
Many people adhere to a combination of two or more religions or belief systems.
Many people adjust quickly to the change.
Many people admire or try to get the perfect, healthy-looking tan.
Many people admire our social courage and our willpower to give up the car.
Many people admire sharks because, no matter what they're doing, they look so cool doing it.
Many people admit the first things they notice about others are their eyes.
Many people admit they'd never walked through a college door before.
Many people admit to very stressful times before the diagnosis of liver cancer.
Many people adopt children from neighboring counties or from across the state.
Many people adopt from the generosity of their hearts.
Many people adore it.
Many people advise wearing watersocks.
Many people advocate drawing interaction diagrams for every use case in the system.
Many people advocate indents.
Many people advocate prosecution and punishment as the best response to human rights abuses.
Many people affected by arsenic keep themselves inside doors in shame.
Many people affirm that the second medal arrived with more comfort.
Many people agonize over choosing an area to emphasize.
Many people agree that in some cases political correctness has been carried to extremes.
Many people agree that it is one of the best green teas they have ever had.
Many people agree that life insurance is the first step.
Many people agree that prayer is a central feature of spiritual life.
Many people agree that the hardest thing to do is to ask for help.
Many people agree that the initial amount was too low.
Many people agree that the longer version is much better than the shortened chronological version.
Many people agree that the possession and use of nuclear weapons is ethically wrong.
Many people agree that they devote too much time to the office.
Many people agree that they influence our identity and they have a huge impact on our life.
Many people agree the Bible is correct, but never DO it.
Many people agree with the following statement.
Many people agree, but a good number run for their arms.
Many people agree.
Many people allow external circumstances and people to determine how they feel.
Many people allow their circumstances to adversely effect their attitude toward life.
Many people allow their fear and anger to influence their judgment.
Many people allow themselves the luxury of fantasy - either through books, or TV, or movies.
Many people allow themselves to be controlled by spirits and evil forces.
Many people allow themselves to get angry and frustrated when they hit problems.
Many people allow two weeks or more to complete packing, that can be disruptive.
Many people already believe that species evolved into other species for the same reason.
Many people already do.
Many people already encounter dioxin exposures that are too high.
Many people already find it too long and gruelling as it is.
Many people already have a concept of the typical anorexia nervosa patient.
Many people already have a home page.
Many people already have an idea of what charities they want to support.
Many people already have an old pair hiding in their closet.
Many people already have calendar schedules they keep current and check often on their computer.
Many people already have classic computer at home.
Many people already have extra computer parts lying around.
Many people already have it on their computer.
Many people already have more time than money.
Many people already have the power pole necessary to hold the light at their location.
Many people already implement organic gardening techniques without giving it a second thought.
Many people already know it, so it makes for one less language to learn.
Many people already know that grandma's remedies really do work.
Many people already know that kiwifruit is packed with more vitamin C than an orange.
Many people already know that.
Many people already possess the ability to juggle, work with animals, or do impressive flips.
Many people already receive disability coverage through their employers' group policies.
Many people already rely on it.
Many people already see the environmental implications of living in a 'throw away' society.
Many people already shop on the Internet for clothing, records, and paper copies of books.
Many people already think of an institutional ethics committee as a legal tribunal.
Many people already use such direct debits for mortgage, auto, or utility payments.
Many people already use such direct debits for their mortgages, auto loans or utility bills.
Many people already use their scanners as quality color copiers, if they have the right software.
Many people also abuse nicotine, caffeine, and alcohol.
Many people also acquire an interest from working in counseling or mental health settings.
Many people also add a pithy quotation like the cartoon they'd tape to their office door.
Many people also agree that the declining role of religion is a serious problem.
Many people also ask for alarms on the first-floor windows.
Many people also ask whether the clout of global corporations is really new.
Many people also assume that Afghanistan is a part of the Middle East.
Many people also assume that getting fatter, weaker and stiffer are inevitable with age.
Many people also attend community colleges to enroll in special-interest classes.
Many people also attend special services at their church.
Many people also avoid eye contact with their questioner when attempting deception.
Many people also become concerned when they have a blue hosta that turns green.
Many people also become depressed because of their epilepsy.
Many people also become hypersensitive to molds, aromatic plants and wood such as cedar.
Many people also believe in the healing powers of a nearby spring.
Many people also believe sexual abuse is the most common kind of abuse.
Many people also believe that a joint bank account can act as a substitute for a power of attorney.
Many people also believe that bats routinely spread diseases such as rabies.
Many people also believe that connecting with animals improves their spiritual health.
Many people also believe that dietary protein is also linked to cancer.
Many people also believe that high blood cholesterol is a risk factor for stroke.
Many people also believe that monkeys and other non-human primates are used in great numbers.
Many people also believe that the penalty for lagging is cultural or economic impoverishment.
Many people also believe that they're just too busy to start their own Internet businesses.
Many people also believe there's more to the story than has been told.
Many people also benefit from an anti-reflective coating and appropriate tint on their glasses.
Many people also benefit from support groups.
Many people also bring decorative tablecloths, candles and other items to grace their table.
Many people also bring money for charity in cash or cheque.
Many people also buy a morning newspaper to read about what is going on in the world.
Many people also buy in pets.
Many people also choose enough coverage to pay for college expenses for their children.
Many people also choose the capsule form as no taste is involved.
Many people also choose to also register the .net version of their name.
Many people also choose to send a remembrance on the anniversary of a loved one's death.
Many people also collect circulation coins.
Many people also come here from far and wide seeking cures for afflictions.
Many people also come to have their pictures taken in front of the automobile.
Many people also complain about security problems .
Many people also complain about security problems.
Many people also complain of a scratchy feeling at the back of their throats.
Many people also confuse meteors with meteorites.
Many people also consider chiropractic care.
Many people also declare that Elven wines are the best to be found in the world.
Many people also decorate the graves of their families.
Many people also define literature by contrasting it with referential and scientific writing.
Many people also develop fevers and coughs.
Many people also develop hay fever in response to mold, dust mites, animal hair, etc.
Many people also dine on tapas when they go to eat, especially if it's at a Spanish tavern.
Many people also disagree about abortion.
Many people also dislike running.
Many people also drink heavily because of the norms of the social groupings they are in.
Many people also drop off their children, park, and then catch transit the rest of the way.
Many people also eat chicken and mutton.
Many people also embrace holistic health as an alternative to medication.
Many people also enjoy biking.
Many people also enjoy coming up with scenerios for other people.
Many people also enjoy lakes and streams for their beauty and for boating, fishing and swimming.
Many people also enjoy playing card games such as Hearts online with each other.
Many people also enjoy seeing coyotes and listening to the call of the song dog.
Many people also enter the trail here.
Many people also experience a mild loss of sensation in the limbs, fingers and toes.
Many people also experience a significant increase in the elimination of all body waste.
Many people also experience achingly swollen lymph glands in the groin.
Many people also experience grief, anxiety or feelings of desperation.
Many people also experience more subtle symptoms with their migraine attacks.
Many people also experience reduced energy levels in the winter months.
Many people also experience symptoms of allergy due to altered reactions to foods and medications.
Many people also fail to explore the itemized deductions beyond their mortgage interest and taxes.
Many people also fail.
Many people also fear bats, something Hanks works hard to dispel.
Many people also fear to learn the skill because they associate it with witchcraft.
Many people also feed meats such as ground whole chicken, or mice.
Many people also feel anxious and depressed.
Many people also feel faint or light-headed.
Many people also feel guilty about the fact that they've become depressed.
Many people also feel left behind or threatened by globalization.
Many people also find a glass of milk promotes sleep.
Many people also find assistance through self-help and support groups.
Many people also find entertaining is the slight references to heavy metal in the series.
Many people also find fish locators useful for finding harmful objects and shallow water.
Many people also find it helpful to do the least desirable things at the beginning of the day.
Many people also find it helps to eat a banana.
Many people also find out about the news on the television or the radio.
Many people also find relief with swimming, soaking in warm water such as a hot tub, and massage.
Many people also find self-help law books helpful.
Many people also find strength and support through their religious affiliations.
Many people also find strength and support through their religious and spiritual affiliations.
Many people also find that chickens are fun animals and can even make wonderful pets.
Many people also find that having their feet stroked is arousing.
Many people also find that kosher salt keeps crisp foods crisp.
Many people also find that sun-dried food tastes better than other dehydrated foods.
Many people also find their eyes become irritated when reading or working on a computer.
Many people also get the benefit of their employer contributing to the account.
Many people also go there to see the artworks .
Many people also go there to see the artworks.
Many people also grow a small potted version indoors for use in healing minor burns and cuts.
Many people also grow smaller potted versions of the plant in their homes and gardens.
Many people also harbour unresolved feelings about past deaths, some of which date back decades.
Many people also have a custom of shaking out their pockets, or of shaking their tzitzit.
Many people also have a sore throat and runny nose.
Many people also have a special fondness for water, the ocean, from which all life on Earth arose.
Many people also have a tendency to embellish what they say.
Many people also have a working knowledge of Russian and French.
Many people also have astigmatism, which further complicates the matter.
Many people also have concerns about the political agenda inherent in some blocking software.
Many people also have private pensions.
Many people also have questions about sex and birth control.
Many people also have swollen glands, headache, fever, upset stomach, a stiff neck, and fatigue.
Many people also have the cooking habits of our mothers or grandmothers.
Many people also hunt for fur-bearing animals.
Many people also indicate their willingness to be donors on their drivers licenses.
Many people also inherit a tendency toward psoriasis.
Many people also keep bees because they are interested in the study of bees and of their habits.
Many people also keep dwarf angel fish in their reef.
Many people also like the fact that they are always connected.
Many people also like to draw a line to show where the batter hit the ball.
Many people also like to give gifts of homemade food at the holidays.
Many people also like to have a hard copy version around.
Many people also like to have a leather dog harness for their dog.
Many people also like to put checklists here for major goals and projects in their lives.
Many people also like to use self-threading needles.
Many people also live far from a certified therapist or are just too busy.
Many people also live in rural areas, in simple, spacious, log houses.
Many people also look to advertisements or commercials to choose an attorney.
Many people also make a list of references.
Many people also make resolutions, vowing to improve some part of their lives during the year.
Many people also make some new friends in the process.
Many people also meditate either before dinner or later in the evening.
Many people also meet to pray for one another and for their friends and families.
Many people also misunderstand to whom liturgical catechesis is directed.
Many people also neglect to protect their lips.
Many people also overlook volunteer experience as a place to draw upon when marketing their skills.
Many people also practice abstinence from sex.
Many people also publish their resumes on their home page.
Many people also pursue the training program for personal growth and benefit.
Many people also question whether it is ethical to use live animals for testing .
Many people also refer to indigestion as upset stomach or dyspepsia.
Many people also regard the experiment as a slippery slope to germline human gene therapy.
Many people also rent a fishing or ski boat to tow along for extra fun.
Many people also report a resurgence in the joy of sleeping soundly.
Many people also report preferring colder beverages.
Many people also report spontaneous improvements in their sports skills.
Many people also require oral medications or injected insulin to help control their blood sugar .
Many people also review their estate plans at the end of the year.
Many people also save by switching to a generic brand of a drug when possible.
Many people also search for web sites using online directories.
Many people also see pornographic material which is freely available on the Internet.
Many people also see whirling vortexes of sparks.
Many people also seem to experience the rather correct tone position of the fifth.
Many people also shun stocks as to volatile for their golden years.
Many people also shun stocks as too volatile for their golden years.
Many people also speak English and Farsi.
Many people also speak English, the official language.
Many people also speak Urdu .
Many people also speak Urdu.
Many people also spend their whole lives running.
Many people also store enough food to help others in their community and churches.
Many people also store the leafy greens, wrapped in a paper towel, in a plastic bag.
Many people also swear by paper towels, changed often.
Many people also swear by vinegar as a cure for upset stomach.
Many people also take fishing holidays.
Many people also take glutamine to prevent or stop protease inhibitor diarrhea.
Many people also take lightweight camcorders nowadays.
Many people also take pictures here and there.
Many people also take video footage or photographs of what they see.
Many people also tend to reveal a substantial amount of information about themselves.
Many people also think that all ice sculptors are chefs.
Many people also think that hunting and fishing for food or sport are cruel and unnecessary.
Many people also travel abroad during the Golden Week.
Many people also try to squeeze in a few snacks.
Many people also turn to their families and friends to help generate more potential ideas.
Many people also use a long whip, which is no more severe than the hand using it.
Many people also use a screen saver.
Many people also use divers to get their bait down to the fish.
Many people also use evergreens for use in holiday celebrations.
Many people also use it for cooking because electricity here is very expensive.
Many people also use metallic fibers in weaving and needlepoint.
Many people also use self-help groups, for example for depression or relational problems.
Many people also use small prompts throughout their workspace.
Many people also use their Web server program, httpd.
Many people also wear different sock combinations when hiking.
Many people also work at jobs in the community.
Many people also write down the date they first began taking a new drug.
Many people also write poetry.
Many people alsospeed because they are following the flow of traffic.
Many people alternate exercises daily.
Many people amass wealth but few make good use of it.
Many people answer the phone haphazardly.
Many people answer Yes,Yes, and Yes.
Many people appeal numerous times before finally receiving approval for their claims.
Many people appear for arraignment at the same time.
Many people appear to be interested in the regional nature and culture.
Many people appear to have the virus present, but show no evidence of disease.
Many people appear to use the Internet for free regardless of distance or volume of traffic.
Many people appear totally well between attacks.
Many people apply for benefits on their own, but often want assistance in pursuing an appeal.
Many people apply ointments obtained from the chemist or doctor.
Many people apply Scripture without first understanding it.
Many people apply so much to their yards and gardens that the chemicals flow into waterways.
Many people apply their energy at the wrong moment.
Many people apply to an art college because they don t want to do what they don t want to do.
Many people apply to the procurator as a state official to get protection of their rights.
Many people apply with the expectation of deferring admission.
Many people appreciate an opportunity to see what various regions and communities are doing.
Many people appreciate beautiful landscapes, but have limited time to spend tending a garden.
Many people appreciate healthful choices.
Many people appreciate home baked items or craft items that are homemade.
Many people appreciate simple presentations for gaining information.
Many people appreciate the arts because they bring back emotion that's been lost.
Many people appreciate the convenience of catalogs and home shopping.
Many people appreciate the crisp, digital sound of the Compact Disc.
Many people appreciate the expanded schedule and additional high school girl's events.
Many people appreciate the flexibility of independent study.
Many people appreciate the power of prayer.
Many people appreciate the sweet smell of honeysuckle on a midsummer night.
Many people appreciate their beauty, the abundant wildlife and varied plants.
Many people approach a mediation or negotiation in a relaxed fashion.
Many people approach education with the mentality of a bank manager.
Many people approach finding a church the same way.
Many people approach potential conflicts in an analytical mood.
Many people approach romance in the same way that they approach a gambling table in Las Vegas.
Many people approach the holidays as a time to allow weight gain.
Many people approach the Internet in much the same way.
Many people approach the public sector with an outside sales team.
Many people approach the Word of God as tourists.
Many people approaching their own retirement can remember that of their grandfather.
Many people are a bit confused about the relationship between e-mail and web sites.
Many people are a little rebellious or withdrawn.
Many people are a part of a group that is trying to adjust to a new phase in their life.
Many people are a two-vehicle family.
Many people are able to avoid the bankruptcy mistake by enrolling in our program.
Many people are able to benefit from group psychotherapy.
Many people are able to change their behavior without having formal treatment.
Many people are able to do it themselves at home, but many people prefer to have the vet do it.
Many people are able to enjoy the delights of eating cheese after years of privation.
Many people are able to get relief through prescription medicines alone.
Many people are able to lead full and active lives while taking coumadin.
Many people are able to live long, healthful lives without supplements.
Many people are able to produce their own food and are hopeful for a good season.
Many people are able to quit without medication, they just have to really make a plan and follow it.
Many people are able to reduce tension and live calmer, more relaxed lives.
Many people are able to relax when animals are present.
Many people are able to return to work several days later.
Many people are able to start an activity without seeing a doctor first.
Many people are able to wear monovision successfully at the computer.
Many people are absolutely terrified of going through that withdrawal.
Many people are accustomed to shopping every day for fresh milk, cheese, and bread.
Many people are accustomed to using a credit card and paying one monthly bill.
Many people are accustomed to using style sheets in the context of word-processing.
Many people are actually fearful of the process of dying and specifically of suffering.
Many people are acutely uncomfortable around some animals.
Many people are afflicted with maladies such as hay fever, asthmas, and eczema.
Many people are afraid of all the lens movements that the large format camera is capable of.
Many people are afraid of bears.
Many people are afraid of being irradiated.
Many people are afraid of being victims of crime.
Many people are afraid of change because it hastens the unknown.
Many people are afraid of digging up old wounds for fear of creating further divisions.
Many people are afraid of dogs.
Many people are afraid of freedom.
Many people are afraid of getting pressured into signing a bad contract.
Many people are afraid of giving their credit card number out to some anonymous person.
Many people are afraid of internet commerce and feel that all transactions are potential ripoffs.
Many people are afraid of libraries and librarians.
Many people are afraid of offending the disabled by offering assistance.
Many people are afraid of or allergic to animals.
Many people are afraid of planning.
Many people are afraid of private information about themselves falling into the wrong hands.
Many people are afraid of public speaking.
Many people are afraid of saying something insensitive or sounding stupid to someone who is gay.
Many people are afraid of snakes or mice but have never been bitten.
Many people are afraid of snakes, some pathologically so.
Many people are afraid of speaking in front of a large audience.
Many people are afraid of speaking.
Many people are afraid of such openness.
Many people are afraid of the choice to be healed because it hurts too much.
Many people are afraid of the old, outdated perception of auctions that some people have.
Many people are afraid of the pending change to the metric system.
Many people are afraid of the unknown.
Many people are afraid of their dark side.
Many people are afraid of trying to buy a new home.
Many people are afraid of working with the terminally ill.
Many people are afraid to be close because of past hurts and transgressions.
Many people are afraid to call an attorney for the first time.
Many people are afraid to call the police for fear of retaliation.
Many people are afraid to come here because of the war.
Many people are afraid to entrust their credit card numbers to cyberspace.
Many people are afraid to even sign a petition.
Many people are afraid to fly.
Many people are afraid to give feedback because they think of it as a judgment.
Many people are afraid to go by themselves.
Many people are afraid to go to work.
Many people are afraid to grow roses because they think that they requie so much care.
Many people are afraid to link to other similar sites.
Many people are afraid to make gravy.
Many people are afraid to make online card transactions on the web.
Many people are afraid to make their sites anything but dull.
Many people are afraid to open attachments because of end of the century viruses.
Many people are afraid to really live.
Many people are afraid to report child abuse for a multitude of reasons.
Many people are afraid to send their credit card info.
Many people are afraid to sew something new and different.
Many people are afraid to share their faith or to stand up for that which is right in the world.
Many people are afraid to speak in public.
Many people are afraid to swim in bodies of water where they live.
Many people are afraid to take the risk.
Many people are afraid to take the steps needed to bring a union into their workplace.
Many people are afraid to talk about suicide.
Many people are afraid to use digital phones.
Many people are afraid to use medieval recipes, for at least three reasons.
Many people are afraid to use their credit cards for internet transactions.
Many people are afraid to use windows.
Many people are afraid to write goals down, because that makes the commitment real.
Many people are afraid.
Many people are against gay marriage.
Many people are against gender quotas in sports based upon principle.
Many people are against having a nuclear power plant near their home.
Many people are against the new road.
Many people are agnostic.
Many people are alert in the morning, with a natural dip in alertness in the mid-afternoon.
Many people are alive because they have human life.
Many people are allergic to animals.
Many people are allergic to bees and Africanized bees sting more often than the European variety.
Many people are allergic to cats because they commonly carry dander in their fur.
Many people are allergic to cats, but people can be allergic to other animals as well.
Many people are allergic to certain types of perfumes.
Many people are allergic to chlorine and other contaminants.
Many people are allergic to cigarette smoke.
Many people are allergic to dairy, yet are concerned about getting enough calcium.
Many people are allergic to grains, including wheat and corn, beans, and most dairy products.
Many people are allergic to herb oils.
Many people are allergic to medications or other substances.
Many people are allergic to mold that is very common around the house, work, or where-ever.
Many people are allergic to mold.
Many people are allergic to molds, mildew, and other fungal spores.
Many people are allergic to more than one item.
Many people are allergic to mould.
Many people are allergic to nickel, which is commonly used in jewelry manufacturing.
Many people are allergic to nuts - and some allergic reactions to nuts can be fatal.
Many people are allergic to nuts, particularly Brazil nuts.
Many people are allergic to perfume or cologne.
Many people are allergic to perfumes, colognes, after-shave, etc.
Many people are allergic to poison ivy.
Many people are allergic to some foods such as chocolate, lactose etc.
Many people are allergic to spermicide.
Many people are allergic to the chemicals used as a base for synthetic vitamins.
Many people are allergic to the sun, causing painful rashes and blisters.
Many people are allergic to their bite, which can itch for days, sometimes weeks.
Many people are allergic to wheat and other grains.
Many people are allergic to wheat.
Many people are almost as impatient when checking email as when surfing.
Many people are alone or lonely in our society today.
Many people are alone when they suffer a heart attack.
Many people are already attuned to it.
Many people are already banking and shopping online using their PDAs.
Many people are already familiar with aloe vera's ability to soothe minor burns.
Many people are already immune to the viruses that cause it.
Many people are already moral relativists, or even moral nihilists.
Many people are already there.
Many people are already under the Empire's foot because of it.
Many people are also allergic to grasses such as timothy, redtops, and rye.
Many people are also at risk because of their genetic makeup.
Many people are also aware that all the government cutting over the years has taken a big toll.
Many people are also concerned about the electricity that is wasted in lighting the sky.
Many people are also evil and are children of the devil.
Many people are also excessively high in calcium.
Many people are also frightened by psychotherapy.
Many people are also interested in the nutritional and medicinal aspects of mushrooms.
Many people are also involved in neighborhood Bible studies.
Many people are also sensitive to liquid lacquer or mastic.
Many people are also sensitive to the smells left in the clothing of a tobacco smoker.
Many people are also very surprised when they here they are around.
Many people are amazed at how delicious healthy food tastes.
Many people are amazed just how affordable buying a house can be.
Many people are amazed that such a thing exists, let alone works.
Many people are ambivalent.
Many people are angry about social problems over which they have no control.
Many people are angry, shocked and generally hurt by the whole hoax.
Many people are angry.
Many people are anxious about being evaluated.
Many people are anxious about where the world is going.
Many people are anxious to find out more about our tender on cellular services.
Many people are anxious to learn more, and many people want to move in.
Many people are anxious to teach their horse tricks.
Many people are apathetic about preparedness.
Many people are apathetic about saving money.
Many people are appalled and concerned with the problem of drug and alcohol abuse.
Many people are apprehensive about going to the dentist.
Many people are apprehensive about large dogs no matter how friendly they are.
Many people are apprehensive about surgery or anesthesia.
Many people are apprehensive of having their first colonic performed.
Many people are are misinformed about what self hypnosis is and how it can be used.
Many people are ashamed of having a mental illness.
Many people are ashamed of some of their feelings - particularly of their fears and anxieties.
Many people are ashamed of the South's history and what they fought for.
Many people are ashamed to let others know their circumstances.
Many people are asleep and a few are truly alive.
Many people are astounded at how technologically accurate the book was.
Many people are asymptomatic carriers.
Many people are at risk from water-borne disease, malaria, and malnourishment.
Many people are at risk, from computer users to assembly line workers to students.
Many people are at work.
Many people are atheists or evolutionists.
Many people are automatically suspicious of Internet sources.
Many people are aware a physician needs medical skills and knowledge to treat a patient effectively.
Many people are aware of a tunnel or a light and move towards that.
Many people are aware of newts and perhaps that they live in and around ponds.
Many people are aware of outdoor air pollution.
Many people are aware of positive and negative spiritual forces.
Many people are aware of telephone wiretapping.
Many people are aware of the benefits of negative ions on our health.
Many people are aware of the importance of recycling.
Many people are aware of the narrowness of statistical analysis and attempt to counter against it.
Many people are aware of their plans for world domination.
Many people are aware our soils are depleted of minerals and nutrients.
Many people are aware that depression happens frequently among persons with cancer.
Many people are aware that farmland is being lost, but no one seems to know how to stop it.
Many people are aware that income inequality has increased over the past twenty years.
Many people are aware that our work force is getting older.
Many people are aware that the moon has a similar effect on our bodies, moods and emotions.
Many people are aware that very high returns are possible in the offshore world.
Many people are behind on their taxes.
Many people are believers in the 'biggest is best' theory.
Many people are better at certain tasks than other.
Many people are better at one than the other, or are more interested in one than the other.
Many people are bloody, dirty and barely alive.
Many people are bottom feeders when they get online.
Many people are brilliant, articulate, charismatic, innovative and tough.
Many people are busy working on putting the third international survey on line.
Many people are candidates for low vision evaluation and therapy .
Many people are capable of performing well in a job but lack interest or motivation.
Many people are capable of writing resonably well.
Many people are capable of writing their own programs to manipulate and display data.
Many people are captive of old stereotypes and prejudices.
Many people are career freelancers.
Many people are careless and let sewage go right into the ocean.
Many people are carpenters, boat builders, farmers, or fishers.
Many people are carriers, without symptoms, who unknowingly pass the genes onto their children.
Many people are caught completely off guard.
Many people are certainly dead.
Many people are certainly very upset over having unleashed dogs fight with their leashed dogs.
Many people are certainly worried.
Many people are chronically low on the essential B vitamins.
Many people are chronically under-insured.
Many people are comfortable contributing at a rate of one hour's pay per month.
Many people are comfortable talking with psychiatrists, also.
Many people are comfortable using a specific product.
Many people are comfortable using search engines to locate groups.
Many people are communists and topless sunbathing is common.
Many people are communists, and topless sunbathing is common.
Many people are communists.
Many people are completely 'indifferent' about what they watch on the boob tube.
MANY people are completely seronegative.
Many people are completely unaware of the loss of capacity from their batteries due to undercharge.
Many people are completely unaware that foreign companies are ultimately calling the shots.
Many people are concerned abaout the time commitment.
Many people are concerned about a country making the ultimate soldier or the ultimate army.
Many people are concerned about ad networks profiling and tracking people's online surfing habits.
Many people are concerned about adulteration of honey, but it is extremely difficult to police.
Many people are concerned about being excluded for pre-existing conditions.
Many people are concerned about borrowing too much.
Many people are concerned about children picking up the magazine.
Many people are concerned about children's safety, being ripped off, and avoiding computer viruses.
Many people are concerned about getting bad cards or being told of a horrible future.
Many people are concerned about getting involved in a pyramid scheme .
Many people are concerned about getting involved in a pyramid scheme.
Many people are concerned about how efficiently non-profit organizations use their contributions.
Many people are concerned about how much they weigh.
Many people are concerned about how secure their credit card information is on the internet.
Many people are concerned about how secure their credit Card information is on the internet.
Many people are concerned about invasion of privacy.
Many people are concerned about millipede bites or stings and whether they are harmful to humans.
Many people are concerned about more extremist elements in Austrian politics.
Many people are concerned about pollution.
Many people are concerned about potential privacy issues.
Many people are concerned about power lines and the possible health effects.
Many people are concerned about privacy on the Internet.
Many people are concerned about privacy.
Many people are concerned about purchasing items over the Internet with their credit cards.
Many people are concerned about reversals .
Many people are concerned about saliva as an infectious body fluid.
Many people are concerned about security issues attributed rightly or wrongly to fare-free buses.
Many people are concerned about security on the Internet.
Many people are concerned about soil conservation.
Many people are concerned about storage in the kitchen.
Many people are concerned about the amount of violence they are exposed to in the media.
Many people are concerned about the breakdown in the healthy moral development of children.
Many people are concerned about the consequences of breaking the law.
Many people are concerned about the cost of long-term care for themselves or for a family member.
Many people are concerned about the ethical issues involved in placebo-controlled trials.
Many people are concerned about the ethics and possible misuse of new genetic treatments.
Many people are concerned about the fate of the small whales, the dolphins and porpoises.
Many people are concerned about the invasive use of cookies on some commercial sites.
Many people are concerned about the labelling and availability of various items.
Many people are concerned about the lack of tripod collar in the lens.
Many people are concerned about the long run impediment, which is the invasion of people s privacy.
Many people are concerned about the nutritional labeling requirements.
Many people are concerned about the odor of the ferret.
Many people are concerned about the patenting of living things.
Many people are concerned about the power and influence that corporations wield.
Many people are concerned about the quality of service provided on the Internet by the government.
Many people are concerned about the safety of nuclear power.
Many people are concerned about the safety of their money.
Many people are concerned about the security of information communicated in an on-line environment.
Many people are concerned about the social factor of home schooled children.
Many people are concerned about the stability of the current government.
Many people are concerned about the use of animal-based fertilisers in their gardens.
Many people are concerned about the veins in their legs.
Many people are concerned about the way their personal information is used by the private sector.
Many people are concerned about their cholesterol.
Many people are concerned about their mascot disappearing.
Many people are concerned about their personal details being sold or given away.
Many people are concerned about utility disruptions.
Many people are concerned and desire to do something about it.
Many people are concerned over health implications of grazing cattle along western U.S. streams.
Many people are concerned that fire is destructive to animals but the deaths of animals are rare.
Many people are concerned that humans are harming the natural balance of life on Earth.
Many people are concerned that it is too late to start, or that they have fallen behind.
Many people are concerned that the injected foreign bodies cause illness.
Many people are concerned when they learn the cost of long term care services.
Many people are concerned with objectionable content on the Internet.
Many people are concerned with the changes in their body shape as they age.
Many people are concerned with the effect of chemicals to our air, soil, and groundwater.
Many people are concerned with the level of security and confidentiality on the Internet.
Many people are concerned with their health which is a good thing.
Many people are concerned with their weight and the levels of fat in their bodies.
Many people are concerned with what companies do with personal information gathered online.
Many people are confused about common law, failing to realize it is constantly subject to change.
Many people are confused about cookies, how they are used, and what they can do.
Many people are confused about exactly what it is.
Many people are confused about how to use supplements effectively.
Many people are confused about selecting a tablespread.
Many people are confused about the best way to treat flu.
Many people are confused about the content of an informatics curriculum.
Many people are confused about the difference between clinical psychology and psychiatry.
Many people are confused about the difference between contests and sweepstakes.
Many people are confused about the difference between estate planning and retirement planning.
Many people are confused about the difference between prayer and warfare.
Many people are confused about the difference between soap and detergent.
Many people are confused about the difference between subrogation and contribution.
Many people are confused about the effect of dietary fats on cholesterol levels.
Many people are confused about the multiple ways to enter practice as a nurse.
Many people are confused about the purpose of a home inspection.
Many people are confused about the term removed when referring to family members.
Many people are confused about unhappiness.
Many people are confused about what a well cut gemstone looks like.
Many people are confused about what addiction actually is.
Many people are confused about what it means to be fit.
Many people are confused about what it means to live in public housing.
Many people are confused about what stem cell research really is, and wonder why all the fuss.
Many people are confused about what to do if they think they have a hearing loss.
Many people are confused about what XML is and what it is good at.
Many people are confused about when to stretch.
Many people are confused about whether they are just plain fat or have cellulite deposits.
Many people are confused and frustrated by vision changes.
Many people are confused and intimidated by bible prophecy.
Many people are confused because of the flash back.
Many people are confused concerning nonlinear coding.
Many people are confused in that way.
Many people are confused or worried about purchasing a computer for use at college.
Many people are confused, and even distanced, by open source rhetoric.
Many people are confused.
Many people are Conservatives by default.
Many people are constanlty insecure, unhappy, and have low self esteem.
Many people are constantly in the company of other people.
Many people are content comparing their lives with others.
Many people are content to be under somebody's thumb.
Many people are convinced snuff films are real, possibly because it suits their ideological bent.
Many people are convinced that it is perfectly correct while just as many think it is ungrammatical.
Many people are convinced the practice has serious consequences.
Many people are convinced, though, and it can lead to strife.
Many people are curious about how massage therapy can benefit their lives.
Many people are curious about how much time they have spent online.
Many people are curious about how radio works.
Many people are curious about it, asking whether it is easy to use, and how to make best use of it.
Many people are curious about the benefits and downsides of pet insurance.
Many people are curious about the Egyptian hieroglyphics above the front door.
Many people are curious about things such as planets, stars, black holes, and much more.
Many people are curious about what's been accomplished so far.
Many people are curious to know if their pet is dreaming.
Many people are currently unable to adhere strictly to condom use during intercourse.
Many people are currently very concerned with the health of the coral reef of Belize.
Many people are dancin and there are costumes and huge heads on sticks.
Many people are deathly afraid of writing because they think it's all about spelling and grammar.
Many people are deeply aware of their sin.
Many people are deeply devoted to their Quicken.
Many people are deeply unhappy today, because they are alone.
Many people are deficient in fat digesting enzymes due to a poorly functioning gallbladder.
Many people are deficient In fat digesting enzymes due to a poorly functioning gallbladder.
Many people are deficient in the enzyme lactase and therefore have trouble digesting.
Many people are delighted to meet such a person.
Many people are dependent on carers.
Many people are desperate to change themselves and to change the world.
Many people are different colors.
Many people are disappointed at how bad the image actually looks with at high magnifications.
Many people are disappointed with their lives.
Many people are disconnected - hate their body and live in the head.
Many people are diverse in their job skills because it is a necessity in today's job market.
Many people are downright scared during their first attempt.
Many people are drawn to domestic violence counseling because they are survivors themselves.
Many people are drawn to the region in an attempt to get rich from gold prospecting.
Many people are eager to contribute something back to the Linux community.
Many people are eager to dive into the world of Internet advertising but are just plain confused.
Many people are eager to get a position in such a big company.
Many people are eager to put their years of experience with children to good use.
Many people are effectively blind to coercion, because they always automatically do as they're told.
Many people are efficient but few are effective.
Many people are egotistical and greedy.
Many people are either unaware, have negative attitudes or misconceptions about organ donation.
Many people are elated when they procure cheap legal representation.
Many people are embarrassed and awkward about receiving praise.
Many people are embarrassed by an unwanted heap of things at home.
Many people are embarrassed by the fact that they like something different.
Many people are embarrassed by the label.
Many people are engaged in fox farming, and skunks, minks, and similar animals arc raised on farms.
Many people are entrepreneurs.
Many people are equally interested in more than one subject.
Many people are equally satisfied.
Many people are especially squemish when it come to questions of mental health.
Many people are even afraid to say the word and some fear being around someone who has cancer.
Many people are even reluctant to visit doctors when they develop clear symptoms of heart disease.
Many people are exiles, either from choice or for some unrelenting reason.
Many people are extremely dissatisfied with mental health services provided by their HMOs.
Many people are extremely surprised to find out what they are truly entitled to.
Many people are extremely visual and enjoy seeing their partner while having sex.
Many people are falling ill because their homes are so polluted, say scientists.
Many people are familiar with .htaccess files in relation to password protecting directories.
Many people are familiar with a type of hand pump known as a cistern pump.
Many people are familiar with cats.
Many people are familiar with eating utensils with built up handles, elevated toilet seats, etc.
Many people are familiar with e-mail.
Many people are familiar with flight simulator programs that can be used on personal computers.
Many people are familiar with freehold and leasehold title to land.
Many people are familiar with macaws and parrots as pet store animals.
Many people are familiar with morning fog, especially after rain occurred the previous night.
Many people are familiar with personality assessments.
Many people are familiar with pneumo-coccal pneumonia, which affects the lungs.
Many people are familiar with the bottlenose dolphins that live in Sarasota Bay.
Many people are familiar with the common index found at the back of a book.
Many people are familiar with the daily routine of washing, drying, and styling their hair.
Many people are familiar with the demand for CNEs a few years ago and the certification glut.
Many people are familiar with the drummings of the ruffed grouse.
Many people are familiar with the extremely hard tendons of some birds.
Many people are familiar with the female American dog tick.
Many people are familiar with the Internet.
Many people are familiar with the mushroom, a type of fruiting body produced by some Basidiomycota.
Many people are familiar with the recent freighter disaster in Coos Bay, Oregon.
Many people are familiar with the red tide that appears in the Gulf of Mexico.
Many people are familiar with the romantic stage.
Many people are familiar with the sticky note program that they got from their neighbor.
Many people are familiar with the vibrant autumn leaf displays of the northern United States.
Many people are familiar with using prunes as laxatives.
Many people are familiar with water softening, one common type of ion exchange system.
Many people are familiar with works of literature and fiction.
Many people are far too free with a pen.
Many people are fearful of buying untitled land, and rumors abound.
Many people are fearful of the dental treatment so they put it off and things just get worse.
Many people are fearful of using the Internet.
Many people are flamingly ignorant.
Many people are fond of animals.
Many people are fond of claiming That they come from a family dysfunctional.
Many people are fond of ladybugs because of their colorful, spotted appearance.
Many people are fond of the runt of the litter.
Many people are fools.
Many people are fortunate enough to find mentors at different times in their lives.
Many people are fortunate to work in a field which is related to their ultimate career goals.
Many people are frightened and confused even by the word.
Many people are frightened at the prospect of filing a complaint against a police officer.
Many people are frightened by pesticides and thoughts of pesticide residues in food supplies.
Many people are frightened of commencing legal proceedings because of the potential cost involved.
Many people are frightened of death.
Many people are frightened of giving up smoking because of concerns about their weight.
Many people are frightened of the Greek alphabet, for example.
Many people are frozen.
Many people are functionally blind, despite having visual acuity above that of legal blindness.
Many people are furious.
Many people are gay.
Many people are generous when something is to be for educational purposes.
Many people are generous.
Many people are good at thinking fast, and have a very good sense of humor.
Many people are good in sports or have really wonderful clothes.
Many people are great at writing out goals and action planning.
Many people are great with clients, but less effective when working with other people.
Many people are guilty of expecting more from friends than they, themselves are willing to offer.
Many people are happiest when both love and sexual desire are shared by both partners.
Many people are happy about that, next week's award notwithstanding.
Many people are happy just being that place.
Many people are happy to take the standard deduction offered.
Many people are happy to travel across Europe by coach with organised groups.
Many people are happy walking at a comfortable, easy pace.
Many people are here all the time.
Many people are hesitant in purchasing products on the Internet.
Many people are hesitant to actually use and make changes on the demo site.
Many people are hesitant to cook fish at home, and most fish is consumed in restaurants.
Many people are hesitant to give their credit card numbers over the Internet and rightfully so.
Many people are hesitant to give their honest opinion because they dread the reaction.
Many people are hesitant to pray in front of others, especially in a large church.
Many people are hesitant to speak up in a group for fear of sounding foolish.
Many people are highly allergic to their dander.
Many people are homeless, no water, lots of people are refugees.
Many people are homeless.
Many people are homeowners.
Many people are hypersensitive to opiates.
Many people are hypersenstive to criticism.
Many people are hypertensive solely because of excessive alcohol intake.
Many people are ignorant about abortion and want to stay that way.
Many people are ignorant when it comes to developmental challenges.
Many people are ignorant, especially teenagers.
Many people are immune, while others contract strep throat.
Many people are impatient with theology.
Many people are impressed with their ability to spot a problem.
Many people are in a constant sleep during their lives.
Many people are in a fog most of the time, making wrong decisions and going the wrong way.
Many people are in a hurry to become a U.S. citizen.
Many people are in a perpetual struggle with emotions.
Many people are in between.
Many people are in bowel trouble.
Many people are in constant competition with the rest of the world.
Many people are in debt right now.
Many people are in denial about their alcohol problems.
Many people are in denial about their own level of ability.
Many people are in denial because they have repressed unpleasant memories into the unconscious.
Many people are in falsehood floundering for help.
Many people are in favor of allowing various private companies to enter the public transport system.
Many people are in favor of such content, and the rest are indifferent.
Many people are in for a reality check.
Many people are in front of a computer all day long.
Many people are in life roles in which they feel trapped.
Many people are in love with specific ideas.
Many people are in such a hurry during the holidays, they leave it behind.
Many people are in survival mode, angry, hostile and looking for someone to blame.
Many people are in that situation.
Many people are in the enviable position of holding greatly appreciated stock in their portfolios.
Many people are in the midst of stress and personal struggles that they are reluctant to share.
Many people are in the midst of their tunnels right now.
Many people are in the rooms and it is plent of fun.
Many people are in the same position.
Many people are in the United States in an undocumented capacity.
Many people are inactive over Michigan's long, cold winter.
Many people are incapable of recognizing and discussing problems in a productive manner.
Many people are indifferent, inconsiderate, irresponsible, or cruel to animals.
Many people are initially uncomfortable interacting with people who have disabilities.
Many people are initially wary of building an imaging system for a particular application.
Many people are inspired to try and grow fireweed after they see it in Alaska.
Many people are insulin resistant.
Many people are interested and want to be part of what is going on.
Many people are interested in astrology.
Many people are interested in buying discounted natural foods and products through a buying club.
Many people are interested in buying the Russian ladies' addresses.
Many people are interested in documenting the history of their house.
Many people are interested in establishing a sense of pride in our community.
Many people are interested in estate planning but confused about what it is.
Many people are interested in facts and figures.
Many people are interested in fighting forest fires for the summer.
Many people are interested in flags.
Many people are interested in fostering because they have enjoyed bringing up their own children.
Many people are interested in getting onto the Internet, but are unsure of their options.
Many people are interested in high-resolution isotope analysis.
Many people are interested in history.
Many people are interested in how deep the crevasses are.
Many people are interested in how to get in contact with their former crew members.
Many people are interested in if many buyers are actually finding their used textbook.
Many people are interested in increasing the size and creating better definition of their lips.
Many people are interested in knowing the future.
Many people are interested in learning how they can make money on the Internet.
Many people are interested in learning to train their pets.
Many people are interested in living in such an environmentally-sound community.
Many people are interested in locating ancestors of American Indian descent.
Many people are interested in managing their own health.
Many people are interested in old or heirloom varieties of plants.
Many people are interested in our pharmacology section.
Many people are interested in religion news and read about it when they get the chance.
Many people are interested in seeing the equipment the police use on a daily basis.
Many people are interested in such enterprises, and some have done it and made it big.
Many people are interested in taking Bible correspondence courses.
Many people are interested in the connection between days or special events and heart disease.
Many people are interested in the exploration of space.
Many people are interested in the past.
Many people are interested in the possibilities of life occurring beyond our own Earth.
Many people are interested in the use of food plots to attract dove to their land.
Many people are interested in the weather, earthquakes, volcanoes and meteorites.
Many people are interested in the weather, especially in Michigan.
Many people are interested in the wildlife of South Africa.
Many people are interested in tracing their ancestors.
Many people are interested in what sterling silver is and what the carat designation means.
Many people are interested in, and have a right to information concerning the results of assessment.
Many people are interested to know what kind of men become sperm donors.
Many people are interested to know what kind of women become donors.
Many people are interested, but only the best, most committed students are accepted.
Many people are interested.
Many people are into aromatherapy, which uses herbal oils and fragrances.
Many people are intolerant to lactose, the sugar in milk.
Many people are intuitive and are already aware of what is digested well.
Many people are inventive, sometimes cleverly so.
Many people are involved and influence the outcome.
Many people are involved in making, selling or showing pornography.
Many people are involved in preparing the chapel for use each summer.
Many people are involved in preparing the services campus ministries provides.
Many people are involved in the shoebill research project, in many different positions.
Many people are involved with bringing the movies to life.
Many people are jammed into a story.
Many people are jealous or envious of the presenter.
Many people are just down right afraid of ticks, but there is absolutely no reason to be.
Many people are just like that in life.
Many people are just plain careless but accidents do happen.
Many people are just scared to make that commitment - to be responsible for another life.
Many people are just too busy in the day to get everything done that needs doing.
Many people are just too pooped to pop anything.
Many people are just too tired to enjoy the holidays.
Many people are just too trusting, especially when it comes to important financial decisions.
Many people are killed by kind friends.
Many people are killed by well-intentioned ignoramuses.
Many people are lazy and try to wing it.
Many people are leery of buying a used car because of fears of mechanical breakdown.
Many people are lesbian.
Many people are like fertile soil, any seed that gets planted in their heart grows.
Many people are like that old cow.
Many people are like that shepherd.
Many people are like that.
Many people are like the man who almost became the dart champion of the world.
Many people are likely to react with paranoia toward the man giving the criticism.
Many people are loath to reveal their true wants and needs.
Many people are lonely and feel unloved.
Many people are lonely because they build walls instead of bridges.
Many people are lonely, in miserable state.
Many people are lonely, no matter what time of year it is.
Many people are lonely.
Many people are long-term carriers and can show no signs of disease of side effects for many years.
Many people are lucky enough to be able to observe from their backyard or a near by park.
Many people are married in one state and now live in another state.
Many people are materialistic.
Many people are members only because of the magazine.
Many people are merely indifferent.
Many people are migrant farm workers.
Many people are more able to put spatial concepts into perspective when seeing photos.
Many people are more afraid of chemotherapy than of cancer.
Many people are more afraid of public speaking.
Many people are more attracted to men or more attracted to women.
Many people are more comfortable buying from people they know.
Many people are more comfortable creating a character that is mostly like themselves.
Many people are more comfortable first scanning available homes without the assistance of a realtor.
Many people are more comfortable talking about their sex lives than their financial issues.
Many people are more health conscious than ever and it is a trend that is here to stay.
Many people are more highly motivated to participate in sports than they are in their jobs.
Many people are more receptive to the concept of biofeedback than they are to psychotherapy.
Many people are more than happy to discuss their careers.
Many people are more than just customers.
Many people are more than willing to trade links.
Many people are mostly in the dark when it comes to insurance coverage.
Many people are much better at playing politics that at taking initiatives.
Many people are naive about what is happening.
Many people are nameless to history yet their life stories are worth exploring.
Many people are natural dowsers, but have yet to recognize their skill.
Many people are naturally immune but can still spread the germ.
Many people are nervous about asking questions, and are unsure about how to get help.
Many people are nervous about donating blood.
Many people are nervous about having sharp knives hanging from a magnet.
Many people are nervous about old appliances and fixtures, etc.
Many people are nervous about seeing an attorney.
Many people are nervous about starting.
Many people are nervous about tutoring more than one person.
Many people are nervous and self conscious when meeting new people.
Many people are nervous during a visit and tend to forget to ask some important questions.
Many people are nervous in an interview and that affects their behavior.
Many people are nervous when they first start speaking in public.
Many people are nervous, but once they see how large the tank is, they're able to relax.
Many people are never out of debt because they buy everything on time.
Many people are new to Internet chatting.
Many people are new to listserv messages and are just learning.
Many people are new to online shopping.
Many people are new to the electronic world.
Many people are new to the Internet and the concept of listservs.
Many people are new to the Internet.
Many people are newbies to the listserv.
Many people are no doubt shocked and amused to recognise situations from their own workplace.
Many people are no longer around, and many others are in such poor health they can barely function.
Many people are now aware that online databases are a valuable information resource.
Many people are now comfortable with buying goods and services over the internet.
Many people are now interested in recumbents for reasons other than their speed.
Many people are now takinh hgh enhancers.
Many people are oblivious to scents, but others are extremely sensitive to offensive odors.
Many people are obviously very angry.
Many people are occasionally forgetful.
Many people are of the impression that sausage is made of inferior meats.
Many people are of the misconception that New York City subway graffiti is dead.
Many people are of the opinion that small class sizes contribute to better student achievement.
Many people are often interested how to use theories in business.
Many people are often late for their offices and for the appointments.
Many people are often opposed to taking a pill every day.
Many people are omnivores.
Many people are on a restricted calorie intake.
Many people are on a self-improvement campaign.
Many people are on a spiritual journey of exploration.
Many people are on board to make sure the cruise is successful - and safe.
Many people are on boats when an electrical storm strikes.
Many people are on fixed income and can t afford a tax increase.
Many people are on islands and have no access to canoes.
Many people are on low incomes and hold down more than one job to get by.
Many people are on months-long waiting lists.
Many people are on our side.
Many people are on restricted diets.
Many people are on salt-restricted diets because of high blood pressure or other medical reasons.
Many people are on tight budgets.
Many people are on time changes.
Many people are on vacation and the shelters are crowded.
Many people are on vacation, and have more time to read, for one thing.
Many people are on vacation.
Many people are only able to spend one quarter of their time on top priority activities.
Many people are only accessible by river, sea, or air.
Many people are only aware of the things they see and hear in their own small world.
Many people are only interested in a particular school district, city, or county.
Many people are only interested in songs that have tunes.
Many people are only one or two paychecks away from becoming homeless.
Many people are opposed to affirmative action because they believe it violates a sense of fairness.
Many people are opposed to any label that says low fat, fat free, reduced calorie, etc.
Many people are opposed to planning, because they say it destroys their sense of spontaneity.
Many people are opposed to using coaches till they try it.
Many people are opposed to using tissue from human embryos or aborted fetuses for research purposes.
Many people are or had been bullied at work.
Many people are out of jobs.
Many people are out of shape, it seems, and are exhausted and out of breath after a short ride.
Many people are out of touch with their real selves.
Many people are out of town or busy.
Many people are out of work during winter and suffer from want.
Many people are out of work, or are elderly and with no fixed form of income.
Many people are out of work.
Many people are out on bail pending bed space at the jail.
Many people are outraged at the senseless slaughter of seals, whales, pelicans, and penguins.
Many people are outraged.
Many people are over-concerned about mixing the different herbal formulae.
Many people are over-extended and bankruptcies are at an all time high.
Many people are overly focused on counting fat grams.
Many people are overweight and never develop diabetes.
Many people are overweight because they eat when stressed, nervous or anxious.
Many people are overwhelmed and frightened by the huge vastness of the internet.
Many people are particularly fearful of committing to a church.
Many people are passive job-seekers, casually surfing the Internet to gather the information.
Many people are perfectionists where their yards are concerned.
Many people are perfectly happy with a simple compact set and that is fine.
Many people are perfectly happy with their lives after reaching an advanced age.
Many people are pious, having a form of godliness, but for the wrong reason a.
Many people are plain scared about what their future holds.
Many people are pleased to learn that they can reduce or even eliminate some of their medications.
Many people are pleased with both the speed and accuracy of time-domain migrations at milliseconds.
Many people are poor and live in small simple homes.
Many people are poor listeners, even in everyday life.
Many people are poor speechreaders.
Many people are poor spellers.
Many people are poor time managers because they have no real idea of what they want to achieve.
Many people are positive that they are saved.
Many people are prepared ahead of time for their failures.
Many people are pretty smug about recent returns from the stock market.
Many people are primarily auditory learners.
Many people are primarily interested in personal security, self-defense and home security.
Many people are probably familiar with the term bursitis .
Many people are procrastinators.
Many people are professional mycologists.
Many people are proud to be able to work, even if they still rely on welfare to make ends meet.
Many people are psychologically dependent on their parents and other family members right now.
Many people are qualified to enroll in our program.
Many people are quick to point out the differences between large and small offices.
Many people are quick to scoff at such ages, claiming they are 'biologically impossible'.
Many people are quickly surprised at the number of very talented bowlers in the program.
Many people are quite familiar with emacs and it is an important research tool.
Many people are quite happy to receive such a note by e-mail.
Many people are quite happy with the activity.
Many people are quite loyal to their farriers and have become friends.
Many people are quite misinformed regarding reading and learning disabilities.
Many people are quite open to the idea of sharing their garden with others.
Many people are quite overwhelmed when they first learn they have a liver disease.
Many people are quite sensitive and ticklish on their feet.
Many people are quite surprised to learn what all their property is worth at today's prices.
Many people are quite the opposite.
Many people are quite upset about it.
Many people are quite worried the first time they experience the sensation but it is harmless.
Many people are rasists.
Many people are reactive.
Many people are ready to accept the truth that association is the law of life.
Many people are ready to lop their heads off in a disgusted panic.
Many people are really uninformed about the splendor of Egypt.
Many people are reasonable.
Many people are religious, but show no evidence of being truly born again.
Many people are reluctant to acknowledge their efficacy in such contexts.
Many people are reluctant to attend sleep studies in a clinical setting.
Many people are reluctant to be tested in a doctor's office or clinic.
Many people are reluctant to call the police due to feelings of guilt or fear of looking foolish.
Many people are reluctant to delegate.
Many people are reluctant to donate because they think their religion forbids it.
Many people are reluctant to embrace multiculturalism.
Many people are reluctant to evacuate unless they are certain that there is a real fire.
Many people are reluctant to give out their credit card number over the Internet.
Many people are reluctant to join HMOs, but are more reluctant to go without medical insurance.
Many people are reluctant to lay all their cards on the table when they don t trust all the players.
Many people are reluctant to make airline reservations for travel at the end of the year.
Many people are reluctant to rely on the kindness of others.
Many people are reluctant to reveal what they eat, when they eat, and how much they eat.
Many people are reluctant to set a deadline because it brings on pressure.
Many people are reluctant to take pain medications because of concerns about side effects.
Many people are reluctant to take treatment for their hypertension because they feel just fine.
Many people are reluctant to use or purchase PCs, but still want to use the Internet or send email.
Many people are reluctant to visit a church with which they are unfamiliar.
Many people are reluctant to wear cycling shorts because of preconceived notions about modesty.
Many people are reluctant to work out because they think it's too hard.
Many people are reluctant, however, to use large sums to purchase a new car at today's prices.
Many people are relunctant to give their personal information unless they know it's safe.
Many people are remarkably skillfull at adapting to their vision problems.
Many people are resistant to making the change.
Many people are responsible for our local accomplishments.
Many people are responsible for providing services and facilitating student life issues.
Many people are responsible for the fulfillment of that dream.
Many people are road touring on mountain bikes, and the front is the best place to carry gear.
Many people are sadly empty of Biblical stories.
Many people are said to have seen ball lightning .
Many people are said to have seen ball lightning.
Many people are satisfied to break even, instead of charging enough to make a profit.
Many people are satisfied when the dog just appears to be better.
Many people are satisfied when they can use the computer for their required needs.
Many people are scared about receiving the gift of tongues or similar gift.
Many people are scared again.
Many people are scared away with the thought of outside homework and test taking.
Many people are scared of so-called classical music.
Many people are scared of spiders.
Many people are scared off by the years of study, the scarcity of jobs and the pressures.
Many people are sceptical of claims that colloidal silver can take away pain and accelerate healing.
Many people are sceptical of their ability to influence decision making.
Many people are self-centered.
Many people are self-described chaoticians.
Many people are self-described chocoholics.
Many people are self-frazzling.
Many people are sensitive about having their picture taken.
Many people are sensitive about old age.
Many people are sensitive about pictures, so it is always good to ask.
Many people are sensitive or allergic to food additives.
Many people are sensitive to allergens given off by cockroaches.
Many people are sensitive to cat dander, dust, and pollens, for example.
Many people are sensitive to dust and other air contaminants.
Many people are sensitive to lead.
Many people are sensitive to mold and some mold species are toxic.
Many people are sensitive to mold.
Many people are sensitive to molds.
Many people are sensitive to paint odors.
Many people are sensitive to the fumes produced by the thermal lamination of dry-film photopolymers.
Many people are sensitive without knowing it.
Many people are severely deficient in many thinking skills.
Many people are shocked to discover that leprosy still exists.
Many people are shocked to hear someone getting degrees in both linguistics and photography.
Many people are shocked when they see what minimal upkeep is like.
Many people are short in their ham string and calf.
Many people are shy, but really want to ask questions about the church.
Many people are shy, but there are degrees of shyness and for some it can be very serious.
Many people are sick and have died on the journey and quite a few are very ill.
Many people are sick and have lost their spirit.
Many people are sick and several have died from cancer-related diseases.
Many people are sick and tired of the government imposing laws, or invading their privacy.
Many people are sick of the way our culture has become so consumerist.
Many people are sick, depressed and confused.
Many people are simple feed up with the political system.
Many people are simply baffled.
Many people are simply empty at the core of their being, and young people are no exception.
Many people are simply in it for the fun.
Many people are simply more comfortable around persons who share their value system.
Many people are simply reluctant to donate their bodily parts.
Many people are simply resistant to change and tend to procrastinate in order to continue resisting.
Many people are simply unaware of rapid missionary developments.
Many people are simply unaware that some of their food-handling practices can be dangerous.
Many people are single heads of household.
Many people are skeptical about long distance relationships.
Many people are skeptical about the possibility of recovery for abusive men.
Many people are skeptical about the value of self-help business books.
Many people are skeptical about the value of self-help business information material.
Many people are skeptical about their promises to consistently produce oil and gas.
Many people are skeptical of experiential training, preferring the classroom approach.
Many people are skeptical of holocaust claims.
Many people are skeptical, let s prove the skeptics wrong and create a wave.
Many people are skeptical.
Many people are slaves to the payments owed on their houses, cars and credit cards.
Many people are so busy they have problems preventing chaos in the home.
Many People are so critical.
Many people are so excited by their ideas, that they are blinded to the obstacles.
Many people are so overwhelmed with facts and information that they have no clue how to begin.
Many people are so used to inner conflict that they've accepted it as status quo.
Many people are somewhat familiar with HTML-style syntax.
Many people are spiritually hungry.
Many people are spiritually poor.
Many people are startled when they see a Jerusalem cricket for the first time.
Many people are still able to live full, active lives with cirrhosis.
Many people are still alive suffering from the old wounds.
Many people are still apprehensive about hypnosis.
Many people are still clinging to the notion, that hitting children can do some good.
Many people are still completely unaware that there is any such thing as a bi movement.
Many people are still confused.
Many people are still convinced that the majority of accidents are caused by unsafe acts.
Many people are still eager to recycle, yet some have been discouraged by bad publicity.
Many people are still in denial that it even exists.
Many people are still in hiding in caves and river beds.
Many people are still in hospital.
Many people are still in the bondage of self-incurred tutelage.
Many people are still in the process of making their long term recovery.
Many people are still new to the concepts and technology in computers.
Many people are still reluctant to shop on-line for fear of being cheated.
Many people are still stunned when they hear a layman preaching.
Many people are still unable to distinguish between problem solving and community policing.
Many people are still unaccounted for.
Many people are still unaccustomed to the Web.
Many people are still unaware that they dialling up call centres every day.
Many people are still under the impression that e-commerce is little more than a passing fad.
Many people are still under the opinion and impression that the white lion are a different species.
Many people are still unsure whether the court did the right thing.
Many people are still very confused between herbal products and homeopathic medications.
Many people are still wary about spending money on the Internet.
Many people are still wary of sending credit card information over the internet.
Many people are still without electricity and telephone services and some roads are still closed.
Many people are stone-faced and quiet, with bags under their downturned eyes.
Many people are stuck, their images are stuck.
Many people are successful and happy in challenging and interesting careers.
Many people are successful and happy in challenging and interesting health careers.
Many people are successful but live a very unbalanced life.
Many people are successful in business.
Many people are successful real estate investors.
Many people are successful working at home with their children right there.
Many people are suddenly unable to care for themselves due to an injury or illness.
Many people are superb in both.
Many people are sure of their position, and fight for it, some verbally, others with weapons.
Many people are sure they exist, but no one has ever seen one.
Many people are sure to have heard about it.
Many people are surprised about the extent of protection their homeowner's insurance policy offers.
Many people are surprised at how many Native American writers there are.
Many people are surprised at how quickly and easily they can learn a language on a computer.
Many people are surprised at how well they can control their emotions when they try.
Many people are surprised at our answer.
Many people are surprised at the size of our Galapagos tortoise.
Many people are surprised how fast they adapt to a tighter budget.
Many people are surprised how useful their work skills can be.
Many people are surprised that Canadian chiropractors treat children .
Many people are surprised that irises bloom in partial shade.
Many people are surprised that one of the world s most appealing cat breeds needs rescuing.
Many people are surprised that pineapples grow on the ground.
Many people are surprised that there are no penguins in the Arctic.
Many people are surprised that there is a blues community in Connecticut.
Many people are surprised to discover forests of large trees so close to the Antarctic Circle.
Many people are surprised to discover how much can be saved with a few small changes.
Many people are surprised to encounter vitruvius in yet another forum.
Many people are surprised to find out how much they are really worth.
Many people are surprised to find out how physically demanding braking can be.
Many people are surprised to find out that lobsters are harvested in New Jersey.
Many people are surprised to find out that several familiar substances in the home are hazardous.
Many people are surprised to find that the focus of hospice is on helping the patient to live fully.
Many people are surprised to find that the participants pay nothing to attend.
Many people are surprised to find that their ferrets are blind.
Many people are surprised to find that they are at risk from STDs.
Many people are surprised to find that they can own a piece of another planet.
Many people are surprised to find the majority of crimes occur during the day.
Many people are surprised to hear about our wide variety of shoes.
Many people are surprised to hear that Southern California has skiing and a ski history.
Many people are surprised to learn how large their estate really is.
Many people are surprised to learn how much a single plant can produce.
Many people are surprised to learn just how little their net presence costs.
Many people are surprised to learn that burdock is an edible food , cooked or raw.
Many people are surprised to learn that Celtic languages are still spoken.
Many people are surprised to learn that chicken contains as much cholesterol as beef.
Many people are surprised to learn that early sun exposure results in wrinkles later in life.
Many people are surprised to learn that horses and mules breathe air only through their nostrils.
Many people are surprised to learn that individual donations make up most of our funding.
Many people are surprised to learn that lions spend most of their time asleep.
Many people are surprised to learn that the situation is so bad.
Many people are surprised to learn that there is such a thing as math research .
Many people are surprised to learn that there is very little public land on the peninsula.
Many people are surprised to learn that there was once a North American lion.
Many people are surprised to learn there are specialists for animals.
Many people are surprised to learn they're tooth-grinders.
Many people are surprised to see a bunny in the position shown in the photograph.
Many people are surprised to see what closeness they can develop with such a tiny friend.
Many people are surprised when their star gets benched for the second half.
Many people are surprised when they go to file their return and find out they have to pay the tax.
Many people are surprised.
Many people are susceptible to contact dermatitis from some of the products used on a daily basis.
Many people are suspicious and wary about talking to strangers.
Many people are suspicious of being stopped by unmarked police vehicles.
Many people are suspicious of using medications to help with sleep, and rightly so.
Many people are taken aback at the mere thought of hunting poodles.
Many people are telepathic, and listen to each other when they share anxieties.
Many people are temperamentally incapable of perpetrating violence.
Many people are terrified of large dogs irrespective of their kind temperament.
Many people are thankful for their family.
Many people are thankful when they get well after a disease.
Many people are that perform way above average.
Many people are that way.
Many people are the same way with routine medical and dental care.
Many people are their own worst enemies when it comes to matters of employment.
Many people are theme collectors, while other art lover.
Many people are time-locked and try to do too much in a very limited time frame.
Many people are tired and fatigued during the day because they simply sleep too little at night.
Many people are tired of hotels.
Many people are tired of their business and personal machines being used for postage-due garbage.
Many people are tired.
Many people are to lazy to think.
Many people are too busy to check anything out, so they just assume that accusations are valid.
Many people are too busy with themselves to spare the time to listen to others.
Many people are too embarrassed, or think no help is available, and so never mention it.
Many people are too hard on themselves.
Many people are too sensitive to ask friends and colleagues for feedback.
Many people are too short-sighted.
Many people are too shy to ask.
Many people are too weak to make the journey and die along the way.
Many people are too wound up from work.
Many people are totally against abortion, while others feel that there is nothing wrong with it.
Many people are totally unfamiliar with the night sky.
Many people are tourists.
Many people are Tunas without even knowing it.
Many people are unable to afford automobiles and telephones.
Many people are unable to afford legal services or find greatly needed legal information.
Many people are unable to care for a cat due to the cost of maintenance.
Many people are unable to complete their high schools education, for a variety of reasons.
Many people are unable to cope with increasingly rapid civil and social developments.
Many people are unable to explain years later why the subject was never discussed.
Many people are unable to find a good doctor.
Many people are unable to find faithful mowers who want to work hard every week.
Many people are unable to pay the monies necessary to ensure full and adequate compensation.
Many people are unable to process a sugar in milk called lactose.
Many people are unable to provide a value of there improvements.
Many people are unable to subjectively assess the severity of their asthma.
Many people are unable to visualise 'birds eye view' plans as conceived by the landscape designer.
Many people are unable to visualize overhead plans from a landscape designer.
Many people are unaware about what meningitis is and how it is contracted.
Many people are unaware how common severe vision impairment is, particularly among older people.
Many people are unaware of all the service options that are possible with cremation.
Many people are unaware of business financing programs at the state and local levels.
Many people are unaware of corporate involvement in the mass media.
Many people are unaware of how loudly they communicate with their bodies.
Many people are unaware of how much caffeine they ingest in a single day.
Many people are unaware of how they got to be so large.
Many people are unaware of just how important recreation is to the health of a community.
Many people are unaware of one such complication known as diabetic neuropathy.
Many people are unaware of our large poetry archives.
Many people are unaware of our rich lighthouse heritage.
Many people are unaware of the benefits of a riparian.
Many people are unaware of the benefits of aromatherapy or have misconceptions about it.
Many people are unaware of the complexity of teamwork in professional cycling.
Many people are unaware of the damage that can be done to a gem due to neglect or abuse.
Many people are unaware of the danger of oxygen under pressure.
Many people are unaware of the dangers of shaking a baby.
Many people are unaware of the dangers posed by suction that can maim or kill in an instant.
Many people are unaware of the detrimental effects of topping.
Many people are unaware of the drastic differences between civilian and military courts.
Many people are unaware of the environmental impact of lighting installations until it is too late.
Many people are unaware of the fact that the allergy season really never ends.
Many people are unaware of the fact that there are different types of flexibility.
Many people are unaware of the fact that they also have a moon sign.
Many people are unaware of the hazards of winter recreation.
Many people are unaware of the impact that athletic trainers have in many young people's lives.
Many people are unaware of the impending problems related to a short supply of nurses.
Many people are unaware of the importance of agriculture in our society.
Many people are unaware of the large number of alumni working on campus.
Many people are unaware of the many resources contained in our loan library.
Many people are unaware of the new by-law.
Many people are unaware of the numerous differences between credit unions and banks.
Many people are unaware of the pastoral allure of the north.
Many people are unaware of the potential physical and psychological consequences of their drug use.
Many people are unaware of the proper ways to care for their game.
Many people are unaware of the realities of circumcision.
Many people are unaware of the risks associated with alcohol and other drugs.
Many people are unaware of the strictness in competition that exists in dancesport.
Many people are unaware of the tremendous variety of plants and animals found in grasslands.
Many people are unaware of their limits.
Many people are unaware of what autism really is.
Many people are unaware of what constitutes preimplantation genetic diagnosis.
Many people are unaware of zinc strip.
Many people are unaware that a typical grocery cart is very prone to tipping.
Many people are unaware that asthma can be a very serious problem.
Many people are unaware that azaleas are rhododendrons .
Many people are unaware that bicycle drivers have to follow the same set of rules as motorists.
Many people are unaware that Brazil has the world's ninth largest economy.
Many people are unaware that contract negotiations take place at the state level.
Many people are unaware that e-mail can be used for more than just sending a quick message.
Many people are unaware that exposing an allergic to a pet can be life threatening.
Many people are unaware that fall is a wonderful time to plant.
Many people are unaware that gas fumes can travel that far.
Many people are unaware that heart disease is the number one killer of American women.
Many people are unaware that high temperatures place a big burden on the heart and blood vessels.
Many people are unaware that identifying as bisexual is even an option.
Many people are unaware that men can develop breast cancer.
Many people are unaware that much of what they communicate includes joke shaming and sarcasm.
Many people are unaware that poorly kept feeders can spread infectious diseases among birds.
Many people are unaware that samples from two family members are desired for better identification.
Many people are unaware that the cost Internet access has dropped as low as it has.
Many people are unaware that the library staff gladly answer brief reference questions by phone.
Many people are unaware that the plant is deadly.
Many people are unaware that there are alternatives to suing one another.
Many people are unaware that there are any positive promises in scripture for sexual minorities.
Many people are unaware that there are, in fact, two Bushmen.
Many people are unaware that there is a great source of school data on the web.
Many people are unaware that they are allergic.
Many people are unaware that they have food allergies, for example.
Many people are unaware that they have high blood pressure.
Many people are unaware that vegetable foods have enough protein to maintain athletic body-building.
Many people are unaware they are hypertensive.
Many people are unaware they have otosclerosis.
Many people are uncertain about where to seek help.
Many people are uncertain of the United States' proper role.
Many people are uncertain of where to position the ball in relation to their feet.
Many people are unchurched.
Many people are unclear as to what exactly a stroke is.
Many people are unclear as to when drinking becomes risky.
Many people are uncomfortable about wearing a chemical pesticide against their skin.
Many people are uncomfortable and are afraid and are simply uneducated.
Many people are uncomfortable around someone going through a difficult time.
Many people are uncomfortable asking directly for contributions.
Many people are uncomfortable being around lesbians and gay men.
Many people are uncomfortable buying something with only a written description and a photo.
Many people are uncomfortable dealing with numerical data.
Many people are uncomfortable dealing with others contemplating suicide.
Many people are uncomfortable giving up any significant degree of control.
Many people are uncomfortable in the presence of the person affected by cancer.
Many people are uncomfortable negotiating deals.
Many people are uncomfortable or afraid when in the dark , especially children .
Many people are uncomfortable or afraid when in the dark, especially children.
Many people are uncomfortable putting their credit card information in an e-mail.
Many people are uncomfortable talking about cancer, especially colorectal cancer.
Many people are uncomfortable talking about sexuality, especially when a disability is involved.
Many people are uncomfortable with change.
Many people are uncomfortable with demonstrations of feelings.
Many people are uncomfortable with having their portraits taken.
Many people are uncomfortable with lucidity.
Many people are uncomfortable with negotiation.
Many people are uncomfortable with the bad sides or sins of their past.
Many people are uncomfortable with the idea and format of prayer.
Many people are uncomfortable with the issue.
Many people are uncomfortable with the use of 'cookies'.
Many people are uncomfortable with the very ambiguity of politics.
Many people are uncomfortable with unsightly birthmarks.
Many people are uncomfortable writing about themselves.
Many people are uncomfortable.
Many people are undecided about committing themselves to an occupation.
Many people are under the assumption that a 'remove request' stops additional emails.
Many people are under the assumption that if they receive the recommended daily allowance.
Many people are under the assumption that if they. is malnutrition.
Many people are under the assumption that if they. natural deep cleansing shampoo . is malnutrition.
Many people are under the assumption that if they.
Many people are under the assumption that if.
Many people are under the assumption that.
Many people are under the false impression that an enema is as cleansing as a colonic.
Many people are under the false impression that old paper is ready to disintegrate at any moment.
Many people are under the impression that implementing a firewall is a tiresome, tedious process.
Many people are under the impression that ophthalmologists deal with glasses to correct vision.
Many people are under the impression that stroke occurs in the heart.
Many people are under the impression that the root cause of colonialism was economics.
Many people are under the impression that writers and artists create characters out of thin air.
Many people are under the impression they can sell an idea if it is really good.
Many people are under the misconception that debarking a dog is cruel and inhumane.
Many people are under the misconception that scalability is a function of hardware.
Many people are under the misconception that sexual abuse only involves intercourse.
Many people are under the misconception that there is no problem and they are wrong.
Many people are under the misconception that they can be badly hurt by a paintball.
Many people are under the mistaken impression that philosophy is a useless discipline.
Many people are under the mistaken impression that their email messages are private.
Many people are under treated with drugs.
Many people are under. is malnutrition.
Many people are under.
Many people are underinsured and many are overinsured.
Many people are understandably afraid to open attachments because of a virus risk.
Many people are understandably curious about the expenses incurred by shelters.
Many people are understanding and compassionate, they really are.
Many people are uneasy about buying over the Internet or via email.
Many people are uneasy about prenatal testing.
Many people are uneasy about seeking another opinion.
Many people are unemployed and live in poverty.
Many people are unemployed.
Many people are unfamiliar with digital television.
Many people are unfamiliar with just how quick and easy it is to produce a quality spinner.
Many people are unfamiliar with the concept and shy away from unknown entities.
Many people are unfamiliar with the conditions of farm animals.
Many people are unfamiliar with the people who carry out the functions of county government.
Many people are unfamiliar with the process of online auctions.
Many people are unfamiliar with trusts and what they are used for.
Many people are unhappy with California government.
Many people are unhappy with peer review, as they equate it with censorship.
Many people are unhappy with the way their teeth look.
Many people are unhappy with their facial skin, but what they do about it differs greatly.
Many people are unhappy.
Many people are unnecessarily afraid of spiders.
Many people are unsure about what the trans community is.
Many people are unsure about what to do when their printer breaks down.
Many people are unsure as to how to properly pronounce the German Training commands.
Many people are unsure of exactly what they do for a living.
Many people are unsure of just what a wilderness area is.
Many people are unsure of their own sexuality.
Many people are unsure which it is better to have.
Many people are unwilling partners in computer security.
Many people are unwilling to limit themselves to vegetables, whether in the form of salad or tofu.
Many people are upset about leaving for college.
Many people are upset about the new time change for the show.
Many people are upset and want to protest.
Many people are upset that the campuses are treated the same except for salaries, negotiations, etc.
Many people are vegetarians - they put milk in the same category as vegetables.
Many people are very afraid of dogs.
Many people are very afraid of dying alone.
Many people are very angry with the doctors who went on strike.
Many people are very apprehensive about anesthesia, especially for older pets.
Many people are very careless about their water requirements in the outback.
Many people are very close to their animals.
Many people are very concerned about shipping and the potential risks to the animals.
Many people are very concerned about the establishment of wolves in central Wisconsin.
Many people are very concerned about the high legal fees that a lawyers charge.
Many people are very concerned because the school choice expansion was included in the budget bill.
Many people are very ego-involved with their jobs.
Many people are very emotional in their religion a.
Many people are very excited about being able to get a much more expensive house.
Many people are very generous in giving and some, through lack of thought, give very little.
Many people are very happy to speak about their jobs to people who are interested.
Many people are very interested in that.
Many people are very intimidated about talking to the phone company.
Many people are very particular about what they eat.
Many people are very private about their faith.
Many people are very sensitive to odors, bright lights, loud noises and even medicines.
Many people are very sensitive to the plants and break out in a severe rash.
Many people are very shy about singing, and nervous about their voices.
Many people are very skillful at using coupons.
Many people are very uncomfortable in making conversation, especially in meeting new people.
Many people are very unhappy at their jobs and feel unable to change their situation.
Many people are very upset over the abortion issue.
Many people are very wary about sending money to an unknown entity.
Many people are very wary and skeptical of apparent panaceas.
Many people are victims of circumstances completely beyond their control.
Many people are victims of status-quo thinking.
Many people are visual learners, absorbing best the information that they see rather than hear.
Many people are visual learners.
Many people are wary because there is a lack of liquidity before and after traditional market hours.
Many people are wary of buying goods or services online.
Many people are wary of considering massages as medical therapy.
Many people are wary of playing blackjack against an Internet based casino.
Many people are wary of providing credit card information via the Internet.
Many people are wary of putting a laptop through the x-ray machine at airport security stations.
Many people are wary of the cost of changing to a new business and accounting software package.
Many people are wary of unfamiliar animals.
Many people are weary of investing in Angola, despite government assurances.
Many people are weeping openly, others are somber.
Many people are well aware of the super energy field that is created.
Many people are when it comes to colon cancer.
Many people are when it comes to meta tags.
Many people are willfully ignorant about evolution.
Many people are willing and even longing to believe in the existence of fairies.
Many people are willing to admit that they are sinners in a theoretical sort of way.
Many people are willing to donate books and materials but are stumped on the shipping.
Many people are willing to drop off garments that are in good condition and no longer being worn.
Many people are willing to give up material things in order to avoid giving of their time.
Many people are willing to help, some by letter, some by phone calls, e-mail and on yes.
Many people are willing to make any sacrifice to please their sweetheart.
Many people are willing to pay a premium for status.
Many people are willing to pay more for a product that is environmentally friendly.
Many people are willing to provide elements of acceptance and affirmation to friends and relatives.
Many people are willing to relocate for the right person.
Many people are willing to sacrifice aesthetics on the altar of practicality.
Many people are willing to sacrifice their lives to protect Taiwan's sovereignty.
Many people are without family support and have no way to get to their appointments.
Many people are woefully unprepared for unemployment.
Many people are worried about children accessing pornography.
Many people are worried about food safety.
Many people are worried about giving out their e-mail address on a Web site.
Many people are worried about how the unusual heat is affecting young wildlife.
Many people are worried about mandatory equity programs.
Many people are worried about privacy on the Internet.
Many people are worried about that today's children are more spoiled than ever.
Many people are worried about the closure's impact on Ukraine's already precarious energy situation.
Many people are worried about the costs of using the services of a solicitor.
Many people are worried about their finances in banks.
Many people are worried about their personal finances and their personal computers.
Many people are worried about tourism and damage to the tourist facilities.
Many people are worried by internet voting.
Many people are worried or fearful at first about the use of needles.
Many people are worried that irradiated food is radioactive.
Many people are worried that they are on their way to becoming crazy.
Many people are worse off than the quadriplegic.
Many people are worse off.
Many people are wrong.
Many people are zealous for false things they believe to be true.
Many people are, at first, overwhelmed by the volume of the email.
Many people are, especially at first.
Many people are, in fact, looking at the underbelly of government.
Many people are, in one way or another.
Many people are.
Many people aren t aware of the latest technological advances that have been made in hearing aids.
Many people argue about it because know one really knows for sure.
Many people argue about the effects of inclusion.
Many people argue about what makes up the mind.
Many people argue against the use of pesticide sprays in farming.
Many people argue exactly what year the Internet was started.
Many people argue for the default of blue active links and red visited links.
Many people argue for the legalisation of marijuana.
Many people argue in favor of abortions because they facilitate their desire for unrestricted sex.
Many people argue it already is commoditized.
Many people argue public schools, by raising levels of human capital are a public good.
Many people argue taxes are immoral, illegal, counter productive, and so on.
Many people argue that a lot of foods contain both starch and protein.
Many people argue that ALL technical documents are, to varying degrees, persuasive .
Many people argue that education is the only way to make something out of one s life.
Many people argue that employer coverage has other natural advantages as well.
Many people argue that immigration is harming our country.
Many people argue that killing embryos is gravely evil.
Many people argue that members are forced to buy their friends.
Many people argue that parental responsibility is the core issue.
Many people argue that settlers do the important work.
Many people argue that test scores are a better measure of merit than anything else.
Many people argue that the death penalty is an effective deterrent to crime.
Many people argue that the dominance of corporation can be traced to efficiency of contracting.
Many people argue that the graphic depiction of some incredibly violent act merely numbs people.
Many people argue that the Internet, like all technology, is neutral.
Many people argue that the trial was never about race.
Many people argue that they are caged up and denied much movement and their natural environment.
Many people argue that with the Internet, censorship can no longer be defended.
Many people argue the fact of karate versus faith.
Many people arrange financing for larger projects.
Many people arrange spotlights or tinted lights to create interesting shadows.
Many people arrive as couples but usually do only two or three dances a night.
Many people arrive at the page through properly piped wiki-links.
Many people arrive at the pharmacy without knowing that they have to pay.
Many people arrive by boat or seaplane at the resort s marina.
Many people arrive every year a few days early to help set up.
Many people arrive home from work to find a furry friend overjoyed at their return.
Many people arrive to dance lacking musical education.
Many people arrive with very little packed, as a new summer wardrobe can be purchased cheaply.
Many people arriving in a foreign country often experience a phenomenon known as culture shock.
Many people arriving on the net in the past couple of years only know web.
Many people ascribe their own name to a particular place without regard to an actual name.
Many people ask about Aikido with relation to religion.
Many people ask about Amateur radio.
Many people ask about an average first reading.
Many people ask about ball sizes, weights and stuff.
Many people ask about lasers for bunions.
Many people ask about needing a shower after riding to work.
Many people ask about our name.
Many people ask about pitching their ideas or even pilots for a show.
Many people ask about putting up a feeder for the hummingbirds.
Many people ask about sites and contacts for software development.
Many people ask about sneakers in the city.
Many people ask about the different sound processing systems and what the differences are.
Many people ask about the effects of divorce on children.
Many people ask about the genetics of brindle .
Many people ask about the history of our company, how long it has been in business, etc.
Many people ask about the hoses that run off the end of the spacecraft.
Many people ask about the safety of birth control pills.
Many people ask about the use of pagers or beepers while they are waiting for transplant.
Many people ask about tilapia's flavor.
Many people ask about vitamins as a defence.
Many people ask about which type of modem to purchase.
Many people ask first whether there are sharks on the coast of Vietnam.
Many people ask for a stock item with some changes made to adapt to their process.
Many people ask for advice about what to do when they encounter a homeless person asking for money.
Many people ask for expandable ufs.
Many people ask for suggestions about becoming better in-house lawyers.
Many people ask for suggestions or discuss ways to implement policies.
Many people ask from time to time.
Many people ask how long it takes to weave a rug.
Many people ask how readers can read over the internet, without a physical body present.
Many people ask how scientists know the meteorite originated on Mars.
Many people ask how they can get started working with animals.
Many people ask how they can move items around to different parts of their page.
Many people ask how to call functions that are in other files.
Many people ask how to find the money and resources to discover and do what they love.
Many people ask how to make their own console background.
Many people ask if alpha hydroxyacids are safe.
Many people ask if diet affects arthritis.
Many people ask if exercising their eye muscles can help prevent the condition.
Many people ask if homebirth is safe.
Many people ask if other information is stored in the credit history.
Many people ask if poison ivy is contagious.
Many people ask if soaring is the same as hang gliding.
Many people ask if the incidence of albinism in non-whites is higher than in whites.
Many people ask if the roots of ornamental sweet potatoes are edible.
Many people ask if there are any hazards associated with handling silica aerogel.
Many people ask if there is an interactive tutorial to learn about woody plants.
Many people ask if they can save the morse code sounds to audio files on their computers.
Many people ask many things, so here are FAQs.
Many people ask questions about tapes.
Many people ask questions that have been asked many times before.
Many people ask specific yet similar questions about our curriculum.
Many people ask that question.
Many people ask the difference between training pure breeds and mixed breeds.
Many people ask the library system where they can purchase items to help with daily living needs.
Many people ask the same questions.
Many people ask the wrong questions to their cosmetic surgeon.
Many people ask their physician for a referral.
Many people ask their veterinarian to spay or neuter their pet.
Many people ask themselves that very question every day.
Many people ask to be ordained, but think that to shave their head and wear robes is to be a monk.
Many people ask what foods provide calcium while also containing needed fiber.
Many people ask what is the age range for the club.
Many people ask what MacMAME is and how it works.
Many people ask what our success rate is.
Many people ask what sharks eat and the answer to that varies.
Many people ask what the difference is between the spirituals and Black gospel music.
Many people ask when is the best time for waves.
Many people ask when the first spiral telephone cord was introduced.
Many people ask where the gold comes from.
Many people ask whether a small firm or a large firm is best.
Many people ask whether it's safe to buy online with a credit card.
Many people ask whhether cutting or shaving hair stimulates faster and thicker growth.
Many people ask who needs a guardian and what is involved in becoming a guardian.
Many people ask who painted the glaciers blue.
Many people ask who was driving.
Many people ask why is our price so low.
Many people ask why it matters if the media has a slant towards one side or the other.
Many people ask why sexual sin is treated as being so serious and damaging.
Many people ask why so many x-rays are being performed if they areso dangerous.
Many people ask why there is an edit menu at all.
Many people ask why they have to pay to volunteer.
Many people ask why.
Many people ask, or are nervous about how to ask, what our life is really like.
Many people ask.
Many people aspire to administrative positions in county offices.
Many people aspire to learn Italian in Italy.
Many people assist the community through service, fraternal and other voluntary organizations.
Many people assist with events - no one person gets lumbered.
Many people associate a memory when listening to a particular song.
Many people associate a pinched nerve with the spine, when in fact it is actually rare.
Many people associate a wiretap with a listening post able to overhear the entire content of a call.
Many people associate apparent wealth with status.
Many people associate becoming a grandparent with growing old.
Many people associate chicken and potatoes with Peru, and for good reason.
Many people associate colors with moods and feelings in their lives.
Many people associate crimp with grade but it is only an indication of grade.
Many people associate criticality with job security.
Many people associate deadly fires with poor families and crowded, big-city neighborhoods.
Many people associate fat in food with fat on the body and begin to assume that less fat is better.
Many people associate fingerprinting with criminal activity.
Many people associate grief with the death of a loved one.
Many people associate health care proxy forms and living wills with the elderly or very ill.
Many people associate lice with unclean people or homes.
Many people associate marine science only with marine biology.
Many people associate narrow opinions, prejudices, and propaganda with government.
Many people associate paganism with devil worship.
Many people associate paleontologists with the study of dinosaurs.
Many people associate privatization with corporate greed.
Many people associate prostitution with the dirt and danger of the street.
Many people associate psychology with psychological therapy and the practice of clinical psychology.
Many people associate pumpkin only with the stuff they find in cans.
Many people associate ritual with religion or spirituality.
Many people associate sleep disorders with adults, but teens suffer too.
Many people associate strong, spicy odors with uncleanliness.
Many people associate sun tans with health.
Many people associate technology with computers.
Many people associate the Dalmatian breed with firefighters and fire trucks.
Many people associate the early years of the women's movement with the symbolic act of burning bras.
Many people associate the wolf as an evil creature, but that is from fairy tales and myths.
Many people associate Tokyo with crowds and streets teeming with people.
Many people associate tracheostomy ventilation with permanent ventilation.
Many people associate weight lifting with musclebound men who eat two pounds of steak in a sitting.
Many people associate wool yarns with scratchiness.
Many people assume antidepressants are incompatible with breastfeeding.
Many people assume chicken are cowards.
Many people assume cost is the only factor preventing access to cancer services.
Many people assume dried pasta is just fresh pasta that's been set out to dry.
Many people assume genealogy is only looking at old documents on microfilm.
Many people assume incorrectly that any person can represent an individual in immigration matters.
Many people assume it is simply a fact.
Many people assume it was because of poorly-functioning O rings on the booster rocket.
Many people assume it was the actors and actresses that made it such a hit.
Many people assume kudos is the plural form, with the singular being a kudo .
Many people assume loss of vitality is a given.
Many people assume paper bags are a better environmental choice, because trees are renewable.
Many people assume pathological liars refrain from making eye contact.
Many people assume reading is a visual action.
Many people assume such deterioration is a natural process of aging.
Many people assume that a diagnosis of glaucoma equals future blindness.
Many people assume that a group of individuals who work together comprise a team.
Many people assume that a shiny floor is slippery.
Many people assume that a small vending item contains just one serving.
Many people assume that aerogels are recent products of modern technology.
Many people assume that agents and managers are pretty much the same thing.
Many people assume that agents just want to make a sale, regardless of the consequences.
Many people assume that all college professors like to teach.
Many people assume that all widescreen transfers from film to DVD video are the same.
Many people assume that anything on the Web is free for the taking.
Many people assume that bankers like having money.
Many people assume that because some one is in an official position, they are a leader.
Many people assume that bisexuality is just a phase people go through.
Many people assume that bonsai are indoor plants.
Many people assume that China's economy is already big.
Many people assume that clay science is somewhat less involved that glaze science.
Many people assume that collisions happen during bad weather or hazardous conditions.
Many people assume that drugs are the only way to control cancer pain.
Many people assume that electronic resources on the Internet are freely available to copy and use.
Many people assume that elephants that are in the wild only live in the grasslands.
Many people assume that erosion corrosion is associated with turbulent flow.
Many people assume that estate planning is for the elderly and the wealthy.
Many people assume that everyone knows.
Many people assume that federal estate taxes are no longer a problem.
Many people assume that feminism and the movement to legalize abortion are virtually synonymous.
Many people assume that getting fatter, weaker and stiffer are inevitable with age.
Many people assume that getting fatter, weaker and stiffer is inevitable with age.
Many people assume that highly intelligent children fare well in school.
Many people assume that history is an unalterable set of facts.
Many people assume that if they have shade in their backyard, then their gardens are limited.
Many people assume that if they live together, they have the same rights as a married couple.
Many people assume that incarceration reduces crime.
Many people assume that infants and children are too young to understand domestic violence.
Many people assume that it is made from bone, cartilage, or even muscle but none of that is true.
Many people assume that it is money they really want.
Many people assume that low-fat foods have to be bland and tasteless.
Many people assume that memory loss, confusion and disorientation are a normal part of aging.
Many people assume that missionaries float around on a spiritual high all the time.
Many people assume that more cops means less crime.
Many people assume that New York City only consists of crime, hookers and tons of crazy people.
Many people assume that nudity is illegal.
Many people assume that obese people are gluttonous, lazy, or both.
Many people assume that once the child reached college age, the trials and tribulations are over.
Many people assume that only English departments are concerned with writing.
Many people assume that optical devices are the way to go.
Many people assume that pacemakers prolong life and keep people's hearts beating after death.
Many people assume that poor water quality in the Don River is the result of industrial pollutants.
Many people assume that pretending is something childish, phony, or undesirable.
Many people assume that sex toys are Asian inventions.
Many people assume that shoeing is as old as horses and iron.
Many people assume that since they have used the telephone for years already, they know enough.
Many people assume that small businesses are very profitable.
Many people assume that smokers require more health care than nonsmokers.
Many people assume that soils are all more or less alike.
Many people assume that success in investing is the result of brilliance.
Many people assume that the black nurse is making mistakes.
Many people assume that the church is made from the same stone that the building is.
Many people assume that the electricity coming from the utility is pure.
Many people assume that the loofah, like the sponge, is a denizen of the ocean depths.
Many people assume that the main cause of childlessness is a female problem.
Many people assume that the male sexual anatomy is simpler than female anatomy.
Many people assume that the pixel is as bad as real-world lengths.
Many people assume that the relationship is incestuous or just plain weird.
Many people assume that the same voters remain undecided.
Many people assume that the server hardware they work with is installed and configured correctly.
Many people assume that the solution is limited to the square within the nine dots.
Many people assume that the speed of the processor is the speed of the computer.
Many people assume that the term learning disabled is synonymous with mental retardation.
Many people assume that the two are similar in design and purpose.
Many people assume that the veil had always been imposed on Muslim women.
Many people assume that there is little that can be done about mental health problems.
Many people assume that they can get a consulting position at a client sites on their own.
Many people assume that they can secure a consulting assignment with a large company on their own.
Many people assume that they'll feel isolated in an online course.
Many people assume that vaccines are our only means of fighting many illnesses.
Many people assume that weeds look ugly.
Many people assume that witchcraft disappeared after the witch-hunts of the middle ages.
Many people assume the Bible is just one source.
Many people assume the decline is because of the warnings against children taking aspirin.
Many people assume the film came first.
Many people assume the least weasel is a baby weasel since it is so small.
Many people assume the packages that foods, such as meat come in, are o.k. for the freezer.
Many people assume the speeches take place all day, which results in people missing the speakers.
Many people assume the tulip bulb grows wild in the Netherlands.
Many people assume their bones stop growing when they become adults.
Many people assume they know what other people are like by judging their appearances alone.
Many people assume they'll live only as long as their grandparents did.
Many people assume West Point teaches the 'art of war'.
Many people assume, incorrectly, that lost weight always returns in time.
Many people assume, solely, that bisexuality is just a phase people go through.
Many people attempt repairs by bending or adjusting the carburetor linkage.
Many people attempt to apply a similar technique to video poker and slot machines.
Many people attempt to beat the winter-white skin by tanning year round in salons.
Many people attempt to capture the fleeting displays with their cameras.
Many people attempt to correct bare and thin patches merely by scattering seed over the spots.
Many people attempt to delete data for the wrong reasons.
Many people attempt to quit smoking as a New Year's resolution.
Many people attempt to run idea programs without considering the consequences.
Many people attempt to sell their own home in order to save the real estate commission.
Many people attempt, in Pennsylvania, to use revocable trusts to escape taxation and probate.
Many people attend because they feel strongly about the case or think it is their civic duty.
Many people attend church and offer special prayers.
Many people attend four funerals a week for friends.
Many people attend law school the year following their graduation from college.
Many people attend our training before acquiring a supporting tool.
Many people attend parties for the wrong reasons.
Many people attend parties to celebrate with friends.
Many people attend services at the temple.
Many people attend several SIGs on a regular basis.
Many people attend.
Many people attest to the healing powers of the sauna concerning mental depression and anxiety.
Many people attribute a greater degree of certainty to science than is really there.
Many people attribute the problem to teacher pay, which is certainly a factor.
Many people automatically assume the soil is acidic when moss occurs and want to add lime.
Many people automatically blame their broker if there is a technical problem trading via the Web.
Many people automatically gift, and end up giving too much of their assets to loved ones.
Many people automatically link it to the slaughter of the Jewish.
Many people automatically receive disability insurance coverage from their employer.
Many people automatically think of a links page when they think of trading links.
Many people automatically think, 'cough, therefore chest infection'.
Many people avoid activities because they feel unfit and thus unworthy.
Many people avoid beans and other legumes because of their reputation for producing gas.
Many people avoid competitive sports altogether.
Many people avoid confronting the issue of organ donation.
Many people avoid garlic for fear of offending thy neighbor or hot date.
Many people avoid genetic tests out of fear.
Many people avoid having the exams because of the invasiveness and discomfort.
Many people avoid hypnotism for fear of losing control to the therapist.
Many people avoid initiating conversations with people who have impairments out of embarrassment.
Many people avoid physical activity for the simple reason of fear of injury.
Many people avoid sitting at third base, which is the seat immediately to the dealer's right.
Many people avoid stroke because they treat their high blood pressure and stop smoking.
Many people avoid thinking about retirement in any specific way.
Many people avoid using the place because there's no place to leave a car.
Many people avoid using their freezer because of freezer burn.
Many people bag their grass clippings because they believe grass clippings cause thatch.
Many people bail.
Many people balk at the amount of money spent on special ed.
Many people base their hopes and dreams on human and temporal things.
Many people bathe their dogs several times a year.
Many people battle with falling about in the harness.
Many people bear witness to the fact of pursuing a search for meaning in their lives.
Many people become addicted with no hope for recovery.
Many people become anemic.
Many people become angry, frustrated, depressed etc. when they are diagnosed with diabetes.
Many people become bitter because of their jealousy or envy of other people or their own misfortune.
Many people become caregivers gradually as a loved one's health condition deteriorates.
Many people become chocoholics when giving up smoking.
Many people become confused by the warm periods of the day.
Many people become continent once the actual time to self-toilet is reduced.
Many people become critical of others.
Many people become deaf, whatever the reason.
Many people become defensive and can learn how to hide their forgetfulness very well.
Many people become depressed and suicidal in prison.
Many people become depressed to various degrees when they become sick.
Many people become depressed.
Many people become derivative U.S. citizens without even knowing it.
Many people become disabled and lose quality of life.
Many people become distributors simply to be able to purchase the product at wholesale prices.
Many people become frustrated and give up on the whole thing.
Many people become frustrated because they feel awkward and give up before mastering the skill.
Many people become frustrated from feeling awkward and give up before mastering the skill.
Many people become gullible.
Many people become ill by the improper handling and cooking of poultry.
Many people become ill from worry.
Many people become ill much younger than that.
Many people become immediately defensive when religious documents are used as a point of reference.
Many people become involved with horses because they like horses.
Many people become lactose intolerant after age four.
Many people become less able to digest milk products as they leave childhood behind.
Many people become mad at the wind.
Many people become members simply to satisfy their curiosity about maps and mapmakers.
Many people become nervous about market declines.
Many people become nervous when stopped by a state trooper.
Many people become overwhelmed when they first join the Internet ranks.
Many people become refugees in their own homeland and are still living outside the valley.
Many people become sensitive to bright light, especially reflected light, such as off water or snow.
Many people become slaves to their past.
Many people become stale at work.
Many people become their own obstacles to success with negative inner talk and beliefs.
Many people become too attached to something on earth.
Many people become vegetarian instantly.
Many people become vegetarian overnight, while others make the change gradually.
Many people become vegetarians for health reasons.
Many people become vegetarians instantly, while others make the change gradually.
Many people become very attached to a dolphin during the course of rehabilitation.
Many people become very depressed.
Many people become victims of crime.
Many people become victims of investment black holes by reaching for excessive returns.
Many people become victims of risk by reaching for excessive returns.
Many people become victims of the devil's power.
Many people before have tried all of their life, But some people are lucky, they find it instantly.
Many people beg to differ.
Many people begin a motion by giving all the history, the reasons, etc.
Many people begin a small business out of their home, often while still employed by someone else.
Many people begin an extended period of intense creative or intellectual output as another bonus.
Many people begin business everyday, with little out of pocket expense.
Many people begin by praying it in rhythmn with their breathing.
Many people begin by trying to treat it themselves.
Many people begin by volunteering on research projects or at aquaria.
Many people begin cleaning for Passover a month in advance.
Many people begin exercise programs with enormous enthusiasm, then lose it over time.
Many people begin exercising because they feel bad.
Many people begin investing for their children's future soon after the child's birth.
Many people begin kundalini yogas, have strong initial experiences and then become frightened.
Many people begin looking for treatment by visiting their family doctor or a local clinic.
Many people begin pruning their crape myrtles as soon as they lose their leaves in the fall.
Many people begin the day with it by the glass, in cereal, coffee, and in baby's bottle.
Many people begin the day with the newspaper.
Many people begin their Boulder County explorations here.
Many people begin their careers in the human services field as volunteers.
Many people begin their exploration of the Internet by buying books on the subject.
Many people begin their journeys with a first phone call or visit to one of our synagogues.
Many people begin their Travel in Morocco by landing in Tangiers.
Many people begin their wireless data experience with wireless messaging applications.
Many people begin to advance in Karate and are told to go forward in order to win.
Many people begin to feel tired and ill one to two weeks before the diagnosis is made.
Many people begin to play the guitar by learning a few chord changes to their favorite song.
Many people begin to question their sexuality only after they enter a more accepting environment.
Many people begin to suffer from strange diseases once they become managers.
Many people begin to take it quite seriously.
Many people begin to worry, and some become scared.
Many people begin treasure hunting because it is an easy way to get healthy.
Many people begin volunteering only to give up after a short time.
Many people begin with tbsp.
Many people begin with tsp.
Many people behave as though they had created themselves, the others and the entire world.
Many people behave differently in stressful than in non-stressful situations.
Many people believe a democracy and a constitutional republic are identical.
Many people believe a god created a heaven in which there is no evil.
Many people believe a good bicycle has a soul.
Many people believe a mortgage is a loan against the house.
Many people believe a plastic tarp is best, as it keeps moisture out.
Many people believe a second person was involved in the bombing.
Many people believe air pollution has something to do with it, though the evidence is very weak.
Many people believe American public schools are failing.
Many people believe amethysts protect one from poison , evil , and getting drunk .
Many people believe amethysts protect one from poison, evil, and getting drunk.
Many people believe an inherently hostile environment exists in today's steel mills and melt shops.
Many people believe angelic script was given to man by the angels themselves.
Many people believe arbitration is cheaper than litigation.
Many people believe bobcat numbers have increased considerably in.
Many people believe choice of color is a matter of personal preference, and it is to a point.
Many people believe classic horror began with The Phantom of the Opera .
Many people believe colorectal cancer attacks men predominately.
Many people believe conformity is decreasing today.
Many people believe death is the end.
Many people believe drinking is an inevitable part of growing up.
Many people believe eating organic food is more healthful than eating food produced with chemicals.
Many people believe EQs are more common in certain kinds of weather.
Many people believe exposure to cold, wet or changing temperatures causes colds.
Many people believe fasting promotes self-control and strengthens the body as well as the soul.
Many people believe financial aid can only cover dormitories and meal plans.
Many people believe finding a four-leaf clover brings good luck.
Many people believe fluorite has a calming effect on the body.
Many people believe happiness is just a frivolous self indulgence.
Many people believe higher pay is the key to getting better teachers.
Many people believe hip pain or low back pain is because of bone loss.
Many people believe holding an IT cert is the ticket to big money and a corner office.
Many people believe horses are gifted with clairvoyance and can identify magickal persons.
Many people believe hot mineral springs have natural healing powers.
Many people believe hypertension refers to tension or anxiety.
Many people believe if the water tastes o.k.
Many people believe in absolute standards of morality and behaviour.
Many people believe in being honest in everything they do and say.
Many people believe in Champ.
Many people believe in exercising the lungs to increase their air power.
Many people believe in happiness, in long lasting marriage, in honesty.
Many people believe in reincarnation .
Many people believe in superstitions that involve forms of magic.
Many people believe in the occult, magic, and astrology.
Many people believe in the unity of the world.
Many people believe in timing.
Many people believe Indian artists never mass produce, that each piece is unique.
Many people believe Iowa has an edge in the field of education right now.
Many people believe iron can make a baby constipated.
Many people believe it can only happen to submissives or novices.
Many people believe it is a combination of biology and environment that causes aging.
Many people believe it is actually another country.
Many people believe it is completely innocuous and it is only our society that makes it so taboo.
Many people believe it is hard to guarantee link quality for commercial operations.
Many people believe it is important for our children to know about the past.
Many people believe it is impossible to effectively fight against the nuclear power industry.
Many people believe it is impossible to keep one's individuality and still exist in reality.
Many people believe it is inherently unfair.
Many people believe it is one of the best modern American stories of all time.
Many people believe it is something for poor street musicians.
Many people believe it is the most secure local delivery agent.
Many people believe it is the most serious.
Many people believe it is the off the top rope, body slam kind of sport.
Many people believe it is wiser to introduce young animals into a household.
Many people believe it was even more compelling then web browsing in attracting new users.
Many people believe it.
Many people believe it's difficult to bunt a high pitch.
Many people believe it's just a matter of filling out the forms and going through the process.
Many people believe it's possible.
Many people believe it's the work of a satanic cult or of college students.
Many people believe karate is for fighting.
Many people believe Long Canyon is a very special sacred place.
Many people believe luck comes by chance.
Many people believe martial arts training is helpful in building one's character.
Many people believe money is a crucial element of power and influence.
Many people believe more is better.
Many people believe natural necessarily means healthy.
Many people believe New York is the center of the universe.
Many people believe on the job injuries only come from manual labor.
Many people believe only a certified person can teach.
Many people believe only the first bird in the photos above is an almond.
Many people believe only the wealthy pay estate taxes.
Many people believe open source is less profitable than proprietary, closed systems.
Many people believe our first year of life can shape our emotionally development.
Many people believe our political system is corrupted by special interest money.
Many people believe our society is in the process of eliminating work.
Many people believe patently false and irrational things.
Many people believe play is good for burning off energy and for physical growth.
Many people believe privacy protection in the United States is inadequate.
Many people believe property taxes rise when lands in their communities are bought for public use.
Many people believe puffins are penguins.
Many people believe purple coneflowers are worthy of awards, but now it's official.
Many people believe rainforests also hold the secrets for safer pesticides .
Many people believe regeneration of neurons is key to effective treatment of spinal cord injuries.
Many people believe search firms assist in finding unemployed or displaced professionals jobs.
Many people believe seaweed is useful for lowering blood levels of fat and cholesterol.
Many people believe since Springers are hunting dogs that they make good outside dogs.
Many people believe small pork spare ribs make a better smoked barbecue.
Many people believe so, and the reasons they give often have to do with space and time.
Many people believe so.
Many people believe spanking is a good form of discipline.
Many people believe students and younger people in general are indifferent to politics.
Many people believe such mistakes indicate a lack of cultural authority and credibility.
Many people believe talk radio is about the news.
Many people believe that a bank or savings and loan are the only financial options they have.
Many people believe that a daily regimen of waste elimination is a sign of good health.
Many people believe that a faulty diet is a major cause of their health problems.
Many people believe that a food is safe to eat if it tastes, smells, or looks all right.
Many people believe that a good education is one packed full of information, facts and data.
Many people believe that a good or happy mood leads to a healthy immune system.
Many people believe that a key to feeling young is to stay young at heart.
Many people believe that a large insurance policy serves as a magnet for litigation.
Many people believe that a little anger is all right and that it just needs to be controlled.
Many people believe that a local pet store is a great way to obtain a puppy.
Many People believe that a saltwater fish aquarium is hard to maintain .
Many people believe that a scoliosis is something that develops at random for no explainable reason.
Many people believe that a shower is a much better way of getting clean than a bathe.
Many people believe that a travesty of justice occurred here.
Many people believe that acne is a problem they leave behind in their teens.
Many people believe that adolescents only live for today.
Many people believe that advocacy is fractious, inefficient, radical, or outside the mainstream.
Many people believe that air conditioning in their home is a luxury.
Many people believe that air pollution affects big cities more than rural areas.
Many people believe that alcoholics are people that are the skid row winos and bums.
Many people believe that all asthmatics wheeze.
Many people believe that all internet companies are hemorrhaging red ink.
Many people believe that all marks or stains can be removed by dry cleaning .
Many people believe that all marks or stains can be removed by dry cleaning.
Many people believe that all snakes are dangerous, slimy creatures.
Many people believe that an advanced religion worships only one god.
Many people believe that an equalizer is to boost power by raising signal levels.
Many people believe that anything and everything go in cyberspace.
Many people believe that anything on the plate can be eaten.
Many people believe that attraction is something that just happens.
Many people believe that baby shampoo is very gentle and safe to use on their hair.
Many people believe that because the coffee is in bean form that it is fresh.
Many people believe that being assaulted or raped happens to someone else.
Many people believe that being right IS being happy.
Many people believe that bicycling is inherently dangerous.
Many people believe that birds fly very fast, even a mile a minute.
Many people believe that black holes suck everything within a million miles.
Many people believe that blinking text is bad, amateurish, evil, or all of the above.
Many people believe that buy and hold is the best strategy to employ for the long term.
Many people believe that buy and hold is the right strategy for owning securities.
Many people believe that buying a recycled toner cartridge is a gamble.
Many people believe that bystanders are very effective at interrupting and preventing harassment.
Many people believe that careers are chosen.
Many people believe that cats are a more wild species who require time outdoors for their happiness.
Many people believe that cats, dogs and monkeys make up the bulk of animals used in research.
Many people believe that certain foods, e.g., chocolate, makes their acne worse.
Many people believe that certain places have a special power.
Many people believe that children have to be in school.
Many people believe that chocolate and greasy foods are a cause of acne.
Many people believe that cigar and pipe smoking is relatively safe compared with cigarette smoking.
Many people believe that computation enhances our everyday lives.
Many people believe that computers are just too difficult to use.
Many people believe that corals are found only in the waters of tropical oceans and seas.
Many people believe that corruption is an inextricable part of our life.
Many people believe that crows damage farm crops.
Many people believe that cutting calories is the answer.
Many people believe that cyclists risk being run down from behind by automobiles.
Many people believe that death is the end, but the soul is eternal.
Many people believe that debate rounds are more like legislatures than court rooms.
Many people believe that decentralization means loss of control.
Many people believe that dinky-ness is next to godliness.
Many people believe that discussions require less preparation than do lectures.
Many people believe that disposal sites for radioactive wastes are highly dangerous.
Many people believe that disposing poop in the trash is environmentally irresponsible.
Many people believe that domestic violence starts with the batterer s desire for power and control.
Many people believe that drinking alcohol makes it easier to meet people.
Many people believe that Earth is closer to the sun in the summer and that is why it is hotter.
Many people believe that earthquakes are more common in certain kinds of weather.
Many people believe that earthquakes are uncommon in Maine, but that is very untrue.
Many people believe that eating odd things is gross.
Many people believe that education is one of the most important ways to help the environment.
Many people believe that employee incentives are on their way out.
Many people believe that endo has a genetic component to it.
Many people believe that entrepreneurs possess innate, genetic talents.
Many people believe that estate planning is only for the extremely wealthy.
Many people believe that every creature has an intrinsic value.
Many people believe that everyone deserves access to health care.
Many people believe that everything in astrology is predetermined.
Many people believe that evolt.org is run by a single individual or a small group of technocrats.
Many people believe that execution is the only appropriate punishment for murder.
Many people believe that extracts of Aloe vera have the ability to reduce inflammation.
Many people believe that fall is still the best time to put in bulbs.
Many people believe that food additives cause most food reactions.
Many people believe that free markets mean that the rich get richer and the poor get poorer.
Many people believe that fresh taste comes from the juice of a freshly squeezed lemon.
Many people believe that gemstones heal and promote a feeling of well being.
Many people believe that genealogical research is simply about finding out who their ancestors are.
Many people believe that global warming is making the hole larger.
Many people believe that going out to eat is a nutritional sin and, in many cases, it is.
Many people believe that going to college is just about getting a degree.
Many people believe that good always triumphs over evil.
Many people believe that good skin is a matter of beauty, however good skin is a matter of health.
Many people believe that graffiti means that gangs are moving into their neighborhood.
Many people believe that great specs mean great sound.
Many people believe that guns are the sole reason that crimes are committed.
Many people believe that had to be the original caption.
Many people believe that having a patent means to have the right to exploit the patented invention.
Many people believe that hemophiliacs bleed a lot from minor cuts.
Many people believe that herbal supplements are safe because they are derived from natural products.
Many people believe that herbs are just as effective as drugs, but without the side effects.
Many people believe that high doses of vitamin C can prevent colds.
Many people believe that homebrewing is a hobby in decline.
Many people believe that hospice care is only appropriate in the last days or weeks of life.
Many people believe that hospitals and doctors are more sanitary and safer.
Many people believe that human olfactory acuity and specificity have deteriorated.
Many people believe that if a sexual assault victim survives a rape, the trauma is over.
Many people believe that if only they had more time, money, sex, power, youth etc.
Many people believe that if the sales presentation works, the entire business works as well.
Many people believe that if they are in an official position, they are a leader and act according.
Many people believe that if they are sad and unhappy they are also depressed.
Many people believe that if they transfer assets into someone else's name they are off the hook.
Many people believe that improved transferability of spatial data is important.
Many people believe that industrial sources cause most air pollution problems.
Many people believe that information is the key to power.
Many people believe that Information is the most valuable commodity in the world today.
Many people believe that inner city children are the only ones at risk of lead poisoning.
Many people believe that intuition comes completely unbidden.
Many people believe that invertebrates are only for mini or micro-reef tanks.
Many people believe that Iraq used chemical weapons against Kurdish people.
Many people believe that it does, but the nature of the impact is complex.
Many people believe that it is a money making scam .
Many people believe that it is a money making scam.
Many people believe that it is inappropriate to identify gifted children in the early years.
Many people believe that it is our fate to travel to other planets.
Many people believe that it takes extra time to do things right.
Many people believe that it was first used as an emu caller.
Many people believe that it's more humane to use reward than punishment.
Many people believe that joining the military is a way out of poverty.
Many people believe that joseki are only played in the corners and at the beginning of a game.
Many people believe that landscaping is expensive, time consuming, and difficult.
Many people believe that language is a unique capacity of humans.
Many people believe that Las Vegas is a town made just for adults.
Many people believe that Las Vegas is just a gaming and gambling town.
Many people believe that lawyers use their gifts simply to gum up the works.
Many people believe that leadership is leading someone else.
Many people believe that leadership is simply being the first, biggest or most powerful.
Many people believe that leadership of the husband means the wife is inferior.
Many people believe that learning occurs only in a formal classroom setting.
Many people believe that life involves something else apart from chemistry.
Many people believe that life, whatever the quality, is sacrosanct.
Many people believe that life's pressures lead to depression.
Many people believe that lighting fireworks just before the New Year brings good luck.
Many people believe that Lizards can only survive in very hot desert regions .
Many people believe that long term care can only be provided in nursing homes.
Many people believe that love is an emotion.
Many people believe that mainframes are outdated and near the end of their useful life.
Many people believe that martial arts training can remove such blockages and promote health.
Many people believe that men and women tend to have different sorts of personalities.
Many people believe that mental events are related in some way with processes in the brain.
Many people believe that mental illness is incurable and unalterable.
Many people believe that mentally ill people are prone to violence.
Many people believe that millions of heroin addicts have just quit.
Many people believe that minerals have extraordinary metaphysical powers.
Many people believe that miracles have occurred there.
Many people believe that MN is always cold and no fun.
Many people believe that monopolies charge any price they want to without affecting sales.
Many people believe that mutations are responsible for evolution.
Many people believe that New Hampshire history is required in fourth grade.
Many people believe that no death has been caused by their consumption of an egg.
Many people believe that no records of individuals can be traced from World War II documents.
Many people believe that nonprofits receive most of their funds from private contributions.
Many people believe that nonviolence is the only real answer.
Many people believe that nuclear energy is a clean, renewable energy.
Many people believe that old people are fragile and frail and won t tolerate surgery well.
Many people believe that only married couples with homes can become foster parents.
Many people believe that oral iron medications cause a false positive fecal blood test.
Many people believe that orchids are both expensive and difficult to cultivate.
Many people believe that organics exclusively refers to foods that are grown without pesticides.
Many people believe that our climate is the finest in the continental United States.
Many people believe that our trial system is out of date.
Many people believe that overeating is the cause of overweight.
Many people believe that owls can turn their heads completely around.
Many people believe that owning a home always provides a solid return on investment.
Many people believe that people have been crossing the oceans for thousands of years.
Many people believe that pet thieves cruise neighborhoods and steal dogs and cats for profit.
Many people believe that plants are less toxic and safer than manufactured drugs.
Many people believe that plants are more natural than manufactured drugs.
Many people believe that poor dietary habits can cause acne.
Many people believe that pornography is wrong.
Many people believe that power or endurance play as significant a role in swimming performance.
Many people believe that preparing for a new century can energize a community.
Many people believe that puts the base at threat from terrorists.
Many people believe that rainforests are only found in tropical areas.
Many people believe that reading is a more valuable activity than watching television or a movie.
Many people believe that real estate development is a good way to make money.
Many people believe that reasonable or small changes in their actions have no real impact.
Many people believe that red tides cause shellfish to be toxic.
Many people believe that religion is an integral part of daily living.
Many people believe that rental property is a type of investment.
Many people believe that repetition of a grade helps students catch up.
Many people believe that re-use, followed by recycling, is the best use for a plastic bottle.
Many people believe that running does more harm than good because of the impact on the joints.
Many people believe that s where they belong.
Many people believe that school is learning about the basic facts of our history and life today.
Many people believe that schooling bass are only small fish.
Many people believe that sea serpent sightings are the result of overgrown giant eels.
Many people believe that separate rheostats for the detector tube help bring in distant stations.
Many people believe that ski length is primarily a function of height.
Many people believe that small pieces of scoria look like the ash produced in a coal furnace.
Many people believe that smoking is addictive, and as that term is commonly used today, it is.
Many people believe that Smurf-hide armor looks tacky, even when covered.
Many people believe that some local taxes are fair and others are unfair.
Many people believe that someone can even read the thoughts of the one praying.
Many people believe that soy can reduce cholesterol, affect hot flashes and prevent some cancers.
Many people believe that sprawl is the inevitable outcome of population growth.
Many people believe that stones and crystals each have their own vibrational frequencies.
Many people believe that stress causes ulcers.
Many people believe that stress is only an emotional state.
Many people believe that stress is the underlying cause of migraine.
Many people believe that submitting their site to the search engines is all that needs to be done.
Many people believe that suicide is an act of selfishness.
Many people believe that suicide represents the ultimate failure to cope with life's stresses.
Many people believe that swimwear can be used under virtually all conditions.
Many people believe that synapses in the neocortex are inherently unreliable.
Many people believe that tar, cpio, afio, dump, etc are backup commands.
Many people believe that tarantulas are deadly poisonous.
Many people believe that taxes are a necessary evil.
Many people believe that technology has the potential to be a very powerful tool in schools.
Many people believe that that's what the net's about.
Many people believe that the ability to control ki can even help to heal injuries.
Many people believe that the abolition of slavery was hastened by the Methodist revival.
Many people believe that the blind are peculiar.
Many people believe that the blind have no sight at all.
Many people believe that the computer was the greatest invention of the twentieth century.
Many people believe that the current wires and optical cables can send gigabytes per second.
Many people believe that the cuts are an outcome of the market readjustment.
Many people believe that the distances between the sun and Earth are the reason for the seasons.
Many people believe that the education system is getting better and better.
Many people believe that the fonts are automatically included with their files.
Many people believe that the galactic halos are composed of particle dark matter.
Many people believe that the global warming problem has begun taking the turn towards a solution.
Many people believe that the holidays run on money.
Many people believe that the human appendix is useless.
Many people believe that the human race has been genetically seeded by other races.
Many people believe that the hyena is from the canine family, which is untrue.
Many people believe that the influenza vaccine can cause flu-like symptoms.
Many people believe that the injury is just a birth defect.
Many people believe that the interview is the last step in any job-searching process.
Many people believe that the kangaroo needs and deserves our protection.
Many people believe that the main purpose of a telescope is to magnify the object being viewed.
Many people believe that the management and harvest of timber products conflict with wildlife.
Many people believe that the marathon is the ultimate running event.
Many people believe that the meaning of education is to send children to school.
Many people believe that the most important issue is the end of rising oil prices.
Many people believe that the mud around the sea is beneficial to the skin.
Many people believe that the norm is a single daily bowel movement.
Many people believe that the ocean floor is flat.
Many people believe that the only constant is change.
Many people believe that the only good bug is a dead bug.
Many people believe that the only good rattlesnake is a dead rattlesnake.
Many people believe that the only way to make an image smaller is to scale the dimensions down some.
Many people believe that the performance of stereotypes is inherited.
Many people believe that the Second Amendment is a restatement of a fundamental, individual right.
Many people believe that the sharing of music between computer users helps record sales.
Many people believe that the shot can actually cause the flu.
Many people believe that the show is an end in itself.
Many people believe that the soul enters the fertilized egg at the instant of conception.
Many people believe that the stars direct our future and have influenced our past.
Many people believe that the test in inherently unreliable and the machines are often defective.
Many people believe that the UV rays of tanning beds are harmless.
Many people believe that the weather influences our health, happiness, and job satisfaction.
Many people believe that the Web is turning into a broadcast medium.
Many people believe that the whole purpose of practice is to achieve enlightenment.
Many people believe that the world was created rather than evolved.
Many people believe that their dreams can predict the future.
Many people believe that their thinking processes comprise only of internal dialogue.
Many people believe that their unrestrained dogs are harmless.
Many people believe that there are two or three types of ghost.
Many people believe that there is a drug for every symptom.
Many people believe that there is a free market solution to every problem.
Many people believe that there is a lot of symbolism in our dreams.
Many people believe that there is a tight control of Chinese press by an ideological hand.
Many people believe that there is currently a shortage of nurses in the United States.
Many people believe that there is no set standard for morals.
Many people believe that there is no such thing as a universal right and wrong.
Many people believe that there is some sort of fee involved.
Many people believe that they are a good person only when they perform well.
Many people believe that they are born with the voice they use.
Many people believe that they are in the hands of forces they can neither understand nor control.
Many people believe that they are one and the same.
Many people believe that they are.
Many people believe that they can get enough calcium by taking calcium supplement tablets.
Many people believe that they get respect out of fear from their horse.
Many people believe that they have lots of tasks all of which are equally important.
Many people believe that they have no say in the redistricting process.
Many people believe that they have nothing to lose.
Many people believe that they have the right to smoke in their own rooms.
Many people believe that theyknow what disability is all about already.
Many people believe that time spent addressing feelings is time that's lost for learning.
Many people believe that tiredness and burning sensation in their eyes are caused by old glasses.
Many people believe that to lose weight they have to go on a low-calorie diet.
Many people believe that to some extent.
Many people believe that too much gas causes abdominal bloating.
Many people believe that traditional community sites foster more community aura and spirit.
Many people believe that using ECNs are the only way to profitably day trade.
Many people believe that V-day is only for the romantic type of love.
Many people believe that very strongly.
Many people believe that was censorship.
Many people believe that water delivery is easier on babies as well.
Many people believe that websites are complicated and overly expensive.
Many people believe that weight training causes a reduction in flexibility.
Many people believe that when a candle is in a holder, there is little to no risk of fire.
Many people believe that when people get old they become useless.
Many people believe that when someone dies only the body dies.
Many people believe that where there's smoke, there's fire, or at least a flame.
Many people believe that whoever is paying the fee is who the loyalty is owed to.
Many people believe that Wiccan and Native American religions are the same.
Many people believe that women and men are identical but have different bodies.
Many people believe that women save less than men.
Many people believe that work has to be hard and a serious thing.
Many people believe that World War II was created specifically to produce a world government.
Many people believe that yeast can aggravate allergies.
Many people believe that young men are almost intractably and negatively competitive by nature.
Many people believe that zodiac signs determine certain traits and characteristics of people.
Many people believe that, once they go through detox, they are free of the drugs.
Many people believe that, to lose weight, they have to go on a low-calorie diet.
Many people believe that, when it comes to gemstones, more is better.
Many people believe the accent is impossible to understand, ok, but it's endearing.
Many people believe the animal rights activists are misdirected.
Many people believe the best jobs are white collar ones.
Many people believe the best way to ruin a friendship is to room with a friend.
Many people believe the chameleon changes color to blend in with their environment.
Many people believe the chances of a nuclear attack are greater now than it was during the cold war.
Many people believe the convenience is worth the money.
Many people believe the diabetic diet is an unusual and costly diet to follow.
Many people believe the equality battle has been won.
Many people believe the federal government is in the toilet.
Many people believe the government is out of control and no longer operates under the Constitution.
Many people believe the grass is always greener somewhere else.
Many people believe the horse moves away from pressure.
Many people believe the Internet can be used to help individuals enhance their lives.
Many people believe the iris is the colored part of the eye.
Many people believe the law is a great mystery-only to be understood by lawyers and judges.
Many people believe the line is supposed to halt urban sprawl.
Many people believe the moon is larger when seen at their horizon.
Many people believe the most responsible thing to do is to pay off the entire balance each month.
Many people believe the myth that having orgasms at the same time is the goal for good sex.
Many people believe the natural ways of nature are beneficial to good health.
Many people believe the next world s record bass lives in Lake Fork.
Many people believe the only good bug is a dead bug.
Many people believe the residue which remains after the cremation process consists solely of ashes.
Many people believe the solution is to ban indecent material completely.
Many people believe the victim can still be seen and heard wandering through the house.
Many people believe the Vikings to have been the first white men in the area.
Many people believe the way to teach English to deaf children is via lip-reading.
Many people believe their fund values are affected when demutualisation takes place.
Many people believe their home is their castle.
Many people believe their homeowners insurance coverage is based on their home's market value.
Many people believe themselves to be good conversationalists because they talk a lot.
Many people believe there are religious taboos concerning donation.
Many people believe there has been increased fraud as well.
Many people believe there is an increase in telephone tapping.
Many people believe there is gas in the tanks and that is why the ship has remained vertical.
Many people believe there is no relationship.
Many people believe there is no such thing as becoming more intelligent in any fundamental sense.
Many people believe there is some form of afterlife .
Many people believe there is some form of afterlife.
Many people believe there's nothing they can do about high levels of stress.
Many people believe they are now being tested in Oklahoma.
Many people believe they are too far removed from the decision-making process to create real change.
Many people believe they can deal with their problem by themselves.
Many people believe they can improve the quality of their lives by monitoring their biorhythms.
Many people believe they can rely upon the government if they become disabled.
Many people believe they can serve only one master.
Many people believe they can trust well-known companies to make quality products.
Many people believe they have free checking, that is, no fees are charged on their account.
Many people believe they have nothing of importance to pass on.
Many people believe they have seen ghosts .
Many people believe they have seen ghosts.
Many people believe they have the attributes to be successful entrepreneurs.
Many people believe they have the right to know if their neighbor is a past sex offender.
Many people believe they have to spend a fortune to make their Web site dream come true.
Many people believe they have to write a long business plan to attract capital.
Many people believe they just have to deal with the language.
Many people believe they remember nothing prior to their school years.
Many people believe they worship every god, while some think they only worship Baha'u'llah.
Many people believe they're too busy to donate blood.
Many people believe think raising a child is someone else's business.
Many people believe trolling depletes fish populations.
Many people believe welfare is a necessary service.
Many people believe what the media says, and they believe the law of averages.
Many people believe wool is an almost benign product because it can be obtained without killing.
Many people believe, but their faith is a vacillating faith.
Many people believe, falsely, that money is evil and bad.
Many people believe, though, that the war has ended, but they are wrong.
Many people belive it is the purest form of kite flying.
Many people belong to a number of different organizations.
Many people belong to both versions of the list.
Many people benefit from a little professional help to bolster their own program of recovery.
Many people benefit from attending regular group sessions.
Many people benefit from distance education.
Many people benefit from drugs to help with the withdrawal symptoms from nicotine.
Many people benefit from having specific routines in place for dealing with daily tasks.
Many people benefit from relaxation exercises or from listening to music.
Many people benefit from support groups.
Many people benefit from talking to a trusted friend, therapist, or pastor about their feelings.
Many people benefit from temporal bone donation.
Many people benefit from the power of Internet advertising.
Many people benefit from today's amazing electronic technology.
Many people benefit immediately upon reading the literature.
Many people bet exclusively on favorites without handicapping the races.
Many people bet way more than they can afford.
Many people bike in the winter as well as in the summer.
Many people binge eat at some point in their life .
Many people binge eat at some point in their life.
Many people bite the insides of their mouth as a nervous habit.
Many people blame aluminum as being a bad material for fuel tanks.
Many people blame Americas problem with crime and violence on the gun.
Many people blame emotional outbursts on external circumstances.
Many people blame low income residents of public housing for all the problems facing public housing.
Many people blame promoters for the undercutting.
Many people blame the dams on the Snake River.
Many people blame the energy department.
Many people blame the Internet.
Many people blame the medical system for blindly preserving the lives of all patients at any cost.
Many people blame the net for newspapers' declining readership.
Many people blame the victim of battering for the crime, often without realizing it.
Many people blame their upset stomachs on stress.
Many people blame video games for a lot of criminal violence.
Many people bless with their mouths, but they curse inwardly.
Many people blossom late in life because of their participation in seniors' organizations.
Many people blow that off as being innocuous.
Many people blow up or wimp out.
Many people board the wrong flight because of prejudice.
Many people board their own horses.
Many people book a year ahead to get their choice of accommodations.
Many people bookmark the site and return daily.
Many people born with spina bifida are wheelchair users because of more limited mobility.
Many people borrow money to handle emergencies or to purchase needed items.
Many people bowl for fun.
Many people brag about big wins.
Many people brag about getting away with certain acts until they are caught.
Many people break before they reach their ultimate goals because of weakness.
Many people break out in a cold sweat at the thought of having to give a presentation.
Many people breathe by using their upper chest muscles.
Many people breathe shallowly from their chest rather that deeply from their abdomen.
Many people breathe up into their chests or out into their bellies.
Many people breed their dogs with no concern for the qualitative demands of the breed standard.
Many people bring a friend or support person when they see a dentist or have a physical exam.
Many people bring a laptop PC to the conference room.
Many people bring bag lunches and prepare meals while they are here.
Many people bring blankets or portable chairs for seating.
Many people bring candles and tablecloths.
Many people bring different foods from all over the world for other people to taste.
Many people bring disposable waterproof cameras, which work just fine.
Many people bring flamingo into their life to come back from devastation.
Many people bring folding chairs to wait for the parade in comfort.
Many people bring food to eat outside in parks or at the beach.
Many people bring great unhappiness to themselves because they refuse to accept themselves.
Many people bring in wood for tops, backs, sides and fingerboards.
Many people bring ladders to parades for height advantage.
Many people bring their boats great distances to fish for catfish though.
Many people bring their lunch.
Many people bring their own beverage, but often some form of drink is provided.
Many people browse at work, and only have time for a few paragraphs here and there.
Many people browse online.
Many people browse our site and then visit an airline site or an offline agent to buy a ticket.
Many people browse the Web from their desktop computer with the help of a modem and telephone line.
Many people browse with images turned off, with text browsers, or with audio-browsers.
Many people build a sand box for their dog.
Many people build snow-forts and have snowball fights with friends.
Many people build web properties, very few do it well.
Many people build websites before they officially incorporate.
Many people burn out on exercise the first couple of weeks because they try to do too much too fast.
Many people burn out or receive constant nagging injuries from inadequate sleep.
Many people burn the waste.
Many people burn themselves out before leaving for a trip, trying to tie up all the loose ends.
Many people burn then.
Many people bury themselves in fantasies.
Many people buy a computer for educational purposes.
Many people buy a desktop computer first, and then buy a portable as a second computer.
Many people buy a home without the assistance of an attorney.
Many people buy a new piece of clothing rather than spend time mending.
Many people buy an album with a parental advisory label on it, because they feel tempted.
Many people buy annuities as a source of income for retirement.
Many people buy at amazon .
Many people buy bikes with unrealistic plans.
Many people buy birds without knowing what they are getting into.
Many people buy bottled water simply to avoid the taste of chlorine.
Many people buy bottled water, but be careful.
Many people buy carrots with tops as a sign of freshness.
Many people buy cellphones for use in emergencies, the argument goes.
Many people buy clothes in the mall.
MANY people buy day-old chicks of a totally different breed.
Many people buy dogs on impulse or because of false claims about a dog's behavior.
Many people buy dogs without becoming educated to the personality of a breed.
Many people buy dvd adult for xxx adult fun xxx material .
Many people buy food from companies that specialize in shipping perishable foods.
Many people buy goods by post in response to direct marketing methods.
Many people buy goods by post in response to direct marketing.
Many people buy group life insurance through an employer sponsored plan.
Many people buy home computers because they want to pass on cultural values to their children.
Many people buy it because it is the closest thing they can get to a home version of Pong.
Many people buy lesbian dvd adult for xxx fun lesbian dvd xxx materials.
Many people buy lesbian videos adult for xxx fun lesbian videos xxx materials.
Many people buy lilies.
Many people buy more than the basic coverage.
Many people buy only one or two fonts at a time.
Many people buy or obtain other newspapers just for the general news.
Many people buy our already finished shirts.
Many people buy prey manti and lady bugs as pets.
Many people buy rechargeable batteries to cut down on waste.
Many people buy rural property on a weekend binge or because it's the trendy thing to do.
Many people buy several for themselves, and several to give as gifts.
Many people buy sports cars even though they never intend to race.
Many people buy sunglasses because they feel the sunglasses are fashionable.
Many people buy SUVs because they look safer.
Many people buy tents in case of inclement weather.
Many people buy the box to give as a gift.
Many people buy the chromed pans just for their appearance.
Many people buy the juice.
Many people buy the product and never get around to using it.
Many people buy their equipment abroad and when it breaks down they're helpless.
Many people buy their shoes too small.
Many people buy tight shoes thinking they ll loosen up and adapt after they are broken in.
Many people buy two - keeping one and sending the other.
Many people buy videos adult for xxx adult fun xxx material .
Many people buy vitamins from a drug store, supermarket, or mail order catalog.
Many people buy wagons to carry things.
Many people buy white-noise generators to blanket distracting sounds.
Many people buy wooden clarinets for a level of performance that matches their abilities.
Many people call about getting teepee poles, fence rails and misc.
Many people call alcoholism a disease.
Many people call and note their guns give even higher velocities.
Many people call any ferocious headache a migraine, especially if they are recurrent.
Many people call fine boned animals bird legged, similar to a chesty bodied bird with tiny legs.
Many people call for free counseling it seems.
Many people call for the maintenance or reinstatement of capital punishment.
Many people call Hubble s variable nebula fan-shaped.
Many people call in for individual problems, such as coping with a recent separation or divorce.
Many people call it a course with a difference .
Many people call it a family atmosphere of nurturing and sharing and collegiality.
Many people call it a sacred place.
Many people call it as a cruel art of dwarfing trees.
Many people call it confusing.
Many people call it faith healing.
Many people call it home and more people come to visit each summer.
Many people call it intravenous feedings.
Many people call it intuition.
Many people call it love.
Many people call it sexual harassment, while others call it no big deal.
Many people call it the car capital of the world.
Many people call it the heat of America.
Many people call it the Internet.
Many people call Mars the red planet.
Many people call mucus snot.
Many people call New York City the Capital of the world.
Many people call North Dakota the end of the world.
Many people call off work or leave the farm work just to get in the woods.
Many people call our office essentially asking about getting a homestead.
Many people call the chamber daily to ask various questions about many of the local companies.
Many people call the division secretaries and request work.
Many people call the extension service to ask for coach referrals.
Many people call the face rash, the marlar butterfly rash.
Many people call the museum to ask whether a particular spider is poisonous.
Many people call the physician first and then begin to pray.
Many people call themselves financial planners, but are really out to sell insurance or securities.
Many people call throughout the summer requesting applications before they get back to school.
Many people call to get confirmation that what they have done is ok.
Many people call up to a year in advance, but six months ahead is common.
Many people call upon professional landscapers to design and install their new landscapes.
Many people campout for the weekend.
Many people can access a mainframe at one time.
Many people can achieve an enviable triglycerides level the same as their age.
Many people can add the exercise, but have trouble with the calories.
Many people can afford to collect one.
Many people can afford to eat only once a day.
Many people can also see two bluish-purple dots at the side of the hourglass.
Many people can also speak a little English, but it helps to have a basic knowledge of Mandarin.
Many people can and do cut down on their drinking while others find it easier to quit altogether.
Many people can and do have sex without love, but many also prefer sex with love.
Many people can argue that the movie was a flop, and according to the box office results, it was.
Many people can ask questions which are impossibly difficult or trivially easy.
Many people can ask their colleagues for help.
Many people can be addicted to heroin for most of their lives without serious health consequences.
Many people can be an amazon partner, because it sounds good.
Many people can be desperately unhappy away from home, away from their background and daily routine.
Many people can be equally satisfied with much lower cost analog aids.
Many people can be interested only by tests or messages dealing with material matters.
Many people can be on-line at the same time and all be talking at once.
Many people can be part of a home health care team.
Many people can be reach more efficiently through variety of media.
Many people can be sexually satisfied very well without actual intercourse.
Many people can be uncomfortable talking about it.
Many people can be very nervous about returning to a college campus.
Many people can become parties to or witnesses in lawsuit.
Many people can benefit from eating snacks.
Many people can benefit from one baby aspirin a day.
Many people can benefit from the services of a counselor.
Many people can benefit greatly from slightly increased transaction times.
Many people can benefit just from knowing that others are going through the same thing they are.
Many people can breathe in pollen, dust, and pet dander with no signs of allergies.
Many people can build their fortune by using others.
Many people can catch giardiasis or carry the organisms without having any symptoms.
Many people can choose the time they drive.
Many people can clearly remember words of praise their parents spoke years ago.
Many people can comfortably cycle five miles in twenty minutes.
Many people can compensate for less vision by relying on their knowledge of the environment.
Many people can concentrate more effectively during the day.
Many people can control or lower their blood pressure by making small lifestyle changes.
Many people can control the expression of their eyes.
Many people can control their diabetes with diet and exercise alone.
Many people can control their dreams once they become lucid.
Many people can control their high blood pressure by changing some of their daily habits.
Many people can create graphics.
Many people can develop a 'tolerance' to the nicotine in tobacco.
Many people can die as well.
Many people can disagree on the color of any given star.
Many people can do just fine with a plain-vanilla camera for years.
Many people can do little things to help that can make big changes.
Many people can do many things.
Many people can do that.
Many people can do the work and parts are available.
Many people can do use heart rate for determine how hard they exercise.
Many people can double their ram by just buying more.
Many people can dream great dreams but have no follow-through.
Many people can easily sleep more than their usual amount.
Many people can eat and drink with a tracheostomy tube in place.
Many people can experience credit problems from time to time.
Many people can experience some form of anxiety when in a social situation.
Many people can fall into a pattern of just making it through each day.
Many people can feel that way.
Many people can feel the grief as physical sensations.
Many people can figure out one solution to a layout problem.
Many people can finally stop drooling over screenshots and can start drooling over in game screens.
Many people can force themselves to wake up when they have a bad dream.
Many people can forgive, but they never forget and keep bringing it up again and again.
Many people can fully resume daily activities within one to two days.
Many people can get a feel for what it is like to be blind by simply closing their eyes.
Many people can get a good view of the fireworks and still be in a safe area.
Many people can get a headache from strong chemicals like bleach or from breathing heavy perfumes.
Many people can get help for the short term by using sleeping pills.
Many people can get into their first home with as little as zero down.
Many people can get online and make a stock transaction in seconds.
Many people can give that explanation and never offend anyone.
Many people can go through life without touching a computer and be none the worse for it.
Many people can go through rehabilitation and lead fully functioning lives.
Many people can handle a second language much easier in writing.
Many people can handle their affairs for most of their lives.
Many people can have a relatively problem-free sexual response through to very old age.
Many people can have an aortic aneurysm for years before any symptoms develop.
Many people can have gonorrhea and spread it without having any symptoms at all.
Many people can have the bacteria in their noses or throats without developing meningitis.
Many people can have the same goal-travel the same road.
Many people can have the same initials or use the same numbers.
Many people can have very subtle forms of recurring herpes that heal quickly, in a matter of days.
Many people can house relatives in their homes.
Many people can how become drive many cars.
Many people can join in a conference and there can be multiple conferences in use at any one time.
Many people can just relax as easily without music.
Many people can live for years without knowing they have gallstones.
Many people can live very well on that amount, especially if they've paid off their mortgages.
Many people can log in to a database and get a few journal articles from which they find a few more.
Many people can look at nature and simply shrug.
Many people can lose weight without drugs.
Many people can make change.
Many people can no longer afford basic fruits and vegetables.
Many people can no longer afford to buy beef because it is very expensive.
Many people can now improve their smiles without the necessity of braces.
Many people can now sell their homes completely tax-free.
Many people can offer their experiences and the library has some great articles on the topic.
Many people can only afford two meals a day anyway.
Many people can only get to 'ftp' sites.
Many people can only travel in the dark, and even then they are risking their lives.
Many people can participate.
Many People can plant what one orders.
Many people can play at one time.
Many people can play notes quickly.
Many people can provide suitable housing for themselves.
Many people can put information on the Internet.
Many people can read a single publication simultaneously, even when the library is closed.
Many people can read an answer and understand it.
Many people can reform from even a violent crime committed as a child.
Many people can register as partially sighted and a small number can register as blind.
Many people can relate on a superficial and social level.
Many people can remember at least one large quake.
Many people can remember walking out to the pool for a dip in the early days.
Many people can remember when they lived year in, year out, without ever locking their doors.
Many people can rememver at least one large quake.
Many people can report similar experiences.
Many people can resume their normal daily activities immediately.
Many people can save money by refinancing.
Many people can save money under their state's drug product selection law.
Many people can see in stereo with the unaided eye.
Many people can see in stereo with their unaided eyes.
Many people can see windmills in the Danish landscape every day.
Many people can sense when a person is trying to project an image other than their own.
Many people can show a picture of themselves or their children on a tricycle.
Many people can shrug off and ignore racial slurs.
Many people can spare only a few hours, or even one hour.
Many people can speak both French and English .
Many people can speak both French and English.
Many people can speak some English which is the most widely studied foreign language.
Many people can speak some English, which is the most widely studied foreign language.
Many people can start exercising without seeing a doctor first.
Many people can stop doing things, but nobody can change their sinful nature.
Many people can stop on their own.
Many people can study a lifetime and never reach the stage of going on unto perfection.
Many people can substantially control their diabetes with insulin.
Many people can succeed with one or two constituencies, a few with three but even fewer with all.
Many people can successfully treat diabetes by careful attention to diet and exercise.
Many people can t afford and can t get access to the system.
Many people can t leave their homes without seeing a car manufactured by a Japanese company.
Many people can take liquids best when they are at room temperature.
Many people can take several streams of the stuff square in the face with no immediate ill effects.
Many people can taste the difference between lagers and ales.
Many people can think of only two ways to manage conflict - fighting or avoiding the problem.
Many people can trace their ancestry back to Germany.
Many people can use applets at the same time.
Many people can use some help from time to time, and the net is one place to find that help.
Many people can use the same computer in the lab in a given day.
Many people can visualize and tell a good story about what they are going to do.
Many people can wear the below the knee stocking and can control their condition quite adequately.
Many people can well identify with the main character's feelings of sibling rivalry.
Many people can work and their entire focus is money.
Many people can write much faster with a keyboard than they can by hand.
Many people can write one story, but writing many stories is a different thing.
Many people can, although some find it preferable to have it done by a professional.
Many people can.
Many people care a lot about whether they are up or down today.
Many people care about effects and want to do something about it.
Many people care about profitability.
Many people care about what time it is enough to wear a wristwatch.
Many people care but fail to act responsibly.
Many people care deeply about the subject.
Many people carelessly interchange the word entity with the word table.
Many people carry a sachet pouch mojo of their favorite herb for luck, health and protection.
Many people carry a squeeze bottle or sports bottle to sip from throughout the day.
Many people carry an umbrella with utter disregard of the eyes and headgear of the passing crowd.
Many people carry an useen and mostly-unused bag of both good and bad tricks.
Many people carry around a separate notebook.
Many people carry coverage from more than one plan.
Many people carry deep scars from bad marriages and relationships.
Many people carry good luck charms.
Many people carry grudges against others from past clashes.
Many people carry in their heads a set of unconscious purchasing criteria.
Many people carry insurance that is managed by a managed care company.
Many people carry it without knowing.
Many people carry little guns.
Many people carry out from here.
Many people carry strep A in their nose and throat areas and never actually become ill.
Many people carry streptococci in their mouth and throat without complaints.
Many people carry the bacteria in their systems but have no symptoms, and no ulcer is formed.
Many people carry the bacteria in their throat or on their skin.
Many people carry the chlamydia bacteria for months or years without knowing it.
Many people carry the disease for many years with few symptoms.
Many people carry the fungus on their skin.
Many people carry the virus with mild, if any, symptoms.
Many people carry their lunch to work because of convenience, necessity, or just to save money.
Many people carry their wares on their heads, they use rags to make the tops of their heads flat.
Many people castigate themselves for getting older or feel like failures about a natural process.
Many people catch it with their front foot first, but two feet is always more solid.
Many people catch water-borne diseases such as typhoid, dysentery and cholera.
Many people categorize rats as filthy and scary.
Many people caution the use of utensils and surfaces to be used for clay only.
Many people celebrate at picnics and cookouts with family and friends.
Many people celebrate birthdays now with cake and candles.
Many people celebrate birthdays, engagements, anniversaries and honeymoons at the theme parks.
Many people celebrate libraries and librarians.
Many people celebrate Thanksgiving by cooking a turkey.
Many people celebrate the new year on dates established by their religion.
Many people celebrate the shortest night of the year with drumming parties, singing, and dancing.
Many people change after living there for a few years, some after living there for only a few weeks.
Many people change careers several times before retirement.
Many people change careers three or more times in their lifetime.
Many people change careers.
Many people change dial-up providers a few times per year.
Many people change email addresses and wish to have TidBITS delivered to their new address.
Many people change even after a brief visit.
Many people change partners at least once, and possibly more than once, during their adult lives.
Many people change their legal name as part of the naturalization process.
Many people change their minds and go back when confronted with the cables.
Many people change their names during the course of their careers.
Many people change their online name to protect their identity.
Many people change their position on an issue they formerly supported.
Many people change their relationship with alcohol before it is too late.
Many people change to pork or other meat.
Many people check the yellow pages and call before actually ever entering the business.
Many people check their balances too often, leading to frequent buying and selling.
Many people check their e-mail from different computers.
Many people cheer for all-star teams.
Many people cheer for high school.
Many people cheer the ship that leaves the harbor, but few notice the ship that returns.
Many people cheerfully describe themselves as 'chocoholics'.
Many people cherish even a minute of silence or time to themselves.
Many people cherish the vanished sounds.
Many people chew or dip when they are bored.
Many people chip in a little time to make work go smoothly.
Many people choose a favorite musician or artist who they find most inspiring.
Many people choose a lifetime annuity to be assured of an income they can t outlive.
Many people choose a major because it sounds exciting or exotic.
Many people choose a mover based on price.
Many people choose a package then add extra pages to suit their specific needs.
Many people choose a particular technology based on what is already being used by their company.
Many people choose a plan based on cost.
Many people choose a primary care doctor for their immediate and preventive care needs.
Many people choose a real estate agent based simply on a relationship.
Many people choose a style because the school is close to home.
Many people choose a vegetarian lifestyle.
Many people choose careers for the rewards they bring.
Many people choose communities based on schools.
Many people choose community foundations that operate within a specific geographic area.
Many people choose contact lenses because they think they look better without glasses.
Many people choose family members to serve as trustees.
Many people choose live plants.
Many people choose massage therapy as a health maintenance program.
Many people choose monogamy because it agrees with their moral, religious or personal beliefs.
Many people choose New Year's Day as a quit date.
Many people choose optical discs for backing up their most important files.
Many people choose other ways to deal with their debts.
Many people choose patterned tiles, often with a complex design.
Many people choose recreational activities that include their dogs.
Many people choose science as a career and derive great pleasure from doing science.
Many people choose science as a career and devote their entire lives to studying it.
Many people choose science as a career.
Many people choose scientific beliefs the same way they choose religion.
Many people choose temporary work as an employment option.
Many people choose termination of pregnancy in the presence of major abnormalities.
Many people choose the bathroom.
Many people choose the beginning of a new year, after the stress of the holiday season is past.
Many people choose the car instead of the train as a result.
Many people choose the fitness industry for one reason or another.
Many people choose the frame they like before having a prescription for lenses in hand.
Many people choose the island they want to go to.
Many people choose the last four digits of their social security number.
Many people choose the Phoenix, Arizona area when looking for a place to retire.
Many people choose the solid color background, to maximize text visibility.
Many people choose the vegetarian life because of the cruelty of slaughtering innocent animals.
Many people choose their investments based in part on how they feel about specific issues.
Many people choose their parents, which is all well and good.
Many people choose their pets because of appearance, and that's usually a mistake.
Many people choose their spouse or main heir as executor.
Many people choose their spouse, an adult child or another family member.
Many people choose to abstain from sexual intercourse.
Many people choose to add levers over time to help spread out the cost.
Many people choose to be more stringent on various issues.
Many people choose to be oblivious, unaware, and unconscious to avoid pain.
Many people choose to believe that surrealism was just a way for people to make easy cash.
Many people choose to buy a home or rent for many different reasons.
Many people choose to chat or watch for wildlife or recline in the sun to read a book.
Many people choose to come in and get it over with.
Many people choose to commemorate a birthday, anniversary, or special occasion.
Many people choose to complete the process on their own without the aid of a lawyer.
Many people choose to contact a funeral director in advance to make plans for their own funeral.
Many people choose to convert an old box into a desk side recycling container.
Many people choose to decorate their homes with colors that create warmth, beauty or excitement.
Many people choose to deprecate, reject, and even caricature economic policy.
Many people choose to die at home rather than in a hospital or residential hospice facility.
Many people choose to drive cars.
Many people choose to express themselves in harm to others.
Many people choose to feel nothing, and become numb because it is easier to feel numb.
Many people choose to gamble.
Many people choose to get periodic readings as they alter their paths by their decisions.
Many people choose to give by volunteering.
Many people choose to give over multiple years.
Many people choose to go as part of their spiritual discipline.
Many people choose to go back to university after they retire.
Many people choose to go barefooted.
Many people choose to have advance directives.
Many people choose to have mercury fillings removed for health reasons.
Many people choose to have no kids at all and live quite happily.
Many people choose to have several small bins as opposed to one heavier, large wood bin.
Many people choose to have their checks sent to the bank.
Many people choose to have their second eye done a week later.
Many people choose to have their web page professionally designed and constructed.
Many people choose to hire a professional company to help maintain their lawn.
Many people choose to hire an experienced building contractor from the very start.
Many people choose to hire professional web site designers.
Many people choose to hold interest-bearing investments in their RRSPs.
Many people choose to hold the ceremony on the terrace by the beach.
Many people choose to homeschool their children for many different reasons.
Many people choose to just say no, and hit the delete key.
Many people choose to keep their animals on it permanently as part of their health regime.
Many people choose to keep their identity disguised while interacting by e-mail or in chat.
Many people choose to keep their pets in a retriever clip.
Many people choose to leave the church without any formal counseling.
Many people choose to live where their children can get a better education.
Many people choose to lose weight for cosmetic reasons.
Many people choose to make relocation even easier by using the help of a professional.
Many people choose to make volunteering a lifelong activity on a part-time basis.
Many people choose to mix ash into a shrub row to provide extra height.
Many people choose to name a family member as cotrustee with a corporate trustee.
Many people choose to name their computer the same as their user name.
Many people choose to offset the introduction with lines.
Many people choose to open their own day care centers, often working out of their homes.
Many people choose to park unresolved, painful experiences in some part of their body.
Many people choose to phone or meet some of the friends they make online.
Many people choose to pre-plan their funeral.
Many people choose to preplan their own funerals or the funeral of someone they love.
Many people choose to privately publish family histories, either in book form or on the Internet.
Many people choose to pursue a sub relationship with one person and a dom with another.
Many people choose to put their computer system case directly onto a carpeted floor.
Many people choose to re-adopt in New Jersey in order to obtain a New Jersey birth certificate.
Many people choose to retire to the warmth and laid-back lifestyle of the South Pacific.
Many people choose to sample the local night-life.
Many people choose to simplify life by making both password the same.
Many people choose to sleep out in the open to enjoy the night.
Many people choose to smoke, abuse alcohol, or snort cocaine.
Many people choose to stay awake during surgery, while others choose to be sedated for a short time.
Many people choose to stay in Central London.
Many people choose to stop eating animal flesh out of their concern for animal rights.
Many people choose to stop smoking because they are getting sick.
Many people choose to suppress their aliveness, and are never fully present in their lives.
Many people choose to take a narrow view of life, keeping within their circle.
Many people choose to tell others a bit about themselves and their interests in their resumes.
Many people choose to use a program designed specifically for writing web pages.
Many people choose to use condoms or simply abstain from sex.
Many people choose to use non-toxic chemical repellants.
Many people choose to use thes trainings to assist in recovery from abuses in the past.
Many people choose to walk from the city centre to the football ground.
Many people choose to wash clothes only once a week.
Many people choose to wear padded biking gloves to alleviate some of the pounding of riding.
Many people choose to write about themselves or their hobbies.
Many people choose traditional essay, because traditional essay is normal style of writing essay.
Many people choose vegetarian diets for a variety of reasons.
Many people choose white to be transparent.
Many people choose wood siding because they want the weathered look of wood.
Many people cite escaping the pressures of city life as one of the great benefits of rural living.
Many people cite swimming, walking and yoga as favorites.
Many people cite the experience as frustrating.
Many people cite the popular HOPE scholarship program.
Many people cite the television as the chief home-based cause of artistic inactivity.
Many people claim an ability to predict quakes.
Many people claim an end of aging is impossible while others claim it's possible but undesirable.
Many people claim free and very efficient energy devices have been invented.
Many people claim it does.
Many people claim it is just a popular puzzle that poets use to show off.
Many people claim lying is merely a survival technique in our modern world.
Many people claim many things about their dogs.
Many people claim ownership, albeit in a metaphorical sense.
Many people claim religious experience as a light to truth.
Many people claim religious experience as such a light to truth.
Many people claim success in luring martins by playing a tape of their dawn song.
Many people claim that addictions are diseases.
Many people claim that all the good domain names are gone.
Many people claim that computer animation is the new age of animated features.
Many people claim that it is the new Switzerland.
Many people claim that it orgicated in China.
Many people claim that mathematics is a language.
Many people claim that meditation is beneficial for stress reduction.
Many people claim that people are the greatest asset .
Many people claim that psychology is just common sense and others that psychology is nonsense.
Many people claim that Sabbath observance is impossible.
Many people claim that several ducks keeps a garden slug free.
Many people claim that technology makes people more productive.
Many people claim that the fifth element is life.
Many people claim that the opening of the tunnel was the only reason behind the clashes.
Many people claim that the smoking marajuana provides better nausea relief than the oral version.
Many people claim that the United Stated had no reason to get involved in Vietnamese affairs.
Many people claim that their health has improved after silver fillings have been removed.
Many people claim that there is no spare land in the densely populated areas.
Many people claim that there is.
Many people claim that they are relativists and proponents of tolerance.
Many people claim that they have been abducted by aliens from outer space.
Many people claim that they have been helped on account of it.
Many people claim that they have grown past their partner and wonder what to do now.
Many people claim the Monkey Island adventure series to be the best ever created.
Many people claim the odor and taste are a pleasant combination of onion and garlic.
Many people claim the principles of honesty and fidelity.
Many people claim the unborn child is merely a part of the woman's body.
Many people claim they are in true love without knowing the meaning of the word.
Many people claim they automatically buckle up in their vehicles, without even thinking about it.
Many people claim they can.
Many people claim they suffer from headaches much less after having a colonic treatment.
Many people claim they're too busy to fit exercise into their schedules.
Many people claim to be a disco queen.
Many people claim to be abductees.
Many people claim to be Christian because their grandparents used to go to church.
Many people claim to be experts on trading stock.
Many people claim to be having great results with the product.
Many people claim to be psychic.
Many people claim to be using use cases.
Many people claim to have a passion for chocolate.
Many people claim to have been helped by such tapes, and perhaps they have been.
Many people claim to have felt tugs on their own rings.
Many people claim to have had a religious experience, to have experienced the divine directly.
Many people claim to have had serious problems related to consuming products containing aspartame.
Many people claim to have had visions.
Many people claim to have seen super-natural events and things.
Many people claim to have the spirit.
Many people claim to have the truth.
Many people claim to posses the ability to predict future events.
Many people claim to see a difference in their horses' performance, gaits, or attitude.
Many people claim total ignorance about the Christian faith, and some even hold it in disdain.
Many people claim Venice in winter is the real Venice.
Many people claim writing notes is too hard.
Many people clamber out on the limestone shelves of the canyon for a closer view.
Many people class our award winning work as new media or digital media based.
Many people classify solvents-inhalants as drugs.
Many people clean the house, pay the bills, do the shopping, and fix the car on the weekend.
Many people clean the keyboard by turning it upside down and shaking.
Many people click on at work.
Many people climb it each year.
Many people climb mountains who confess to a fear of heights.
Many people climb Mt. Fuji every year .
Many people climb Mt. Fuji every year.
Many people cling to the belief that the origin of life required a unique divine act.
Many people clip birds' flight feathers at, or slightly below, the level of the upperwing coverts.
Many people close their eyes and relax completely during a massage.
Many people collect a country of interest.
Many people collect agates and they are sometimes made into jewelery.
Many people collect all the different carnival glass patterns.
Many people collect antique guns or guns owned by famous people.
Many people collect fair condition coins, especially the rarer dates and types.
Many people collect law enforcement shoulder patches.
Many people collect lures made by one company.
Many people collect memorabilia from tragic events.
Many people collect music that they like and surround themselves with it.
Many people collect obsolete notes from their home state or county.
Many people collect plates.
Many people collect reverse-painted snuff bottles simply for their beauty.
Many people collect stamps or baseball cards.
Many people collect their herbs when they are already dried on the plant.
Many people collecting minerals want it.
Many people com e to hear the music and drink.
Many people combine a cycling holiday in Scotland with other activity pursuits or exploration.
Many people combine a foreign trust with a family limited partnership.
Many people combine a trip to have laser vision correction with a vacation in southern California.
Many people combine a visit to the ballpark with a visit to downtown.
Many people combine media to suit their watering habits and preferences.
Many people combine the first two pitches.
Many people combine the request to use a reference with the process of briefing, cited above.
Many people combine the request to use a reference with the process of briefing, cited below.
Many people combine their love of outdoors and camping with canoeing.
Many people combine two or more methods to get greater relief.
Many people combine winter camping with an extended trip into their favorite lake.
Many people come along to shac for a check-up before starting a new relationship.
Many people come and ask if they can be involved.
Many people come and leave.
Many people come and read.
Many people come and then look for a job.
Many people come annually to participate in their favorite one.
Many people come away with design ideas for their own properties.
Many people come back again and again.
Many people come back every year.
Many people come back for another special kitty.
Many people come back year after year to see another game and kill a few more brain cells.
Many people come back year after year.
Many people come both days.
Many people come by skidoo but others walk or drive their vehicles down onto the ice road.
Many people come earlier and stay later.
Many people come for a year and end up staying two or even longer.
Many people come for consultations, counseling.
Many people come for daily prayers.
Many people come for lectures, seminars and conferences.
Many people come for the party, never see a horse and leave happy.
Many people come for the spas, which are famous for the healing effects.
Many people come for the sunshine and year-round beautiful climate.
Many people come for the thrills of the rapids, the big drops.
Many people come from all parts of China to seek legal assistance.
Many people come from around the world to visit the Grand Canyon .
Many people come from around the world to visit the Grand Canyon.
Many people come from communities where they are one of many who are similar.
Many people come from each part of Japan and foreign countries.
Many people come from far away to walk through the gorge and take pictures.
Many people come from other denominations for meetings, fellowship and for help and information.
Many people come from the southern states, where herbs flourished.
Many people come having lost their employment due to drug and alcohol dependency.
Many people come here and fall in love with the Kingdom.
Many people come here and very few have reason to regret it.
Many people come here every year to take a little vacation and see excitement.
Many people come here for refuge and to start a new life.
Many people come here for the first time because of what some indexing robot saw when it visited.
Many people come here from somewhere else.
Many people come here in the summer to vacation on the beach.
Many people come here just to relax.
Many people come here looking for animals to purchase.
Many people come here on New Year's Day to see the first sunrise of the year.
Many people come here once and never want to return.
Many people come here to dig for short-necked clams in a natural setting.
Many people come here to enjoy a relaxing weekend, and enjoy the city's abundant hot springs.
Many people come here to experience the peace and quiet of the outdoors.
Many people come here to honeymoon or to retreat from city pressures.
Many people come here to make wishes.
Many people come here to praise the rocks.
Many people come here to pray for the reunification of North and South Korea.
Many people come here to see a treasure of architecture.
Many people come here to take a break form there everday classes.
Many people come here to take clogging lessons.
Many people come here without having any contact with the population.
Many people come here.
Many people come ignorant of our way, wanting to learn.
Many people come in and are familiar with our system.
Many people come in for specific things.
Many people come in groups from other charities for the disabled and local voluntary groups.
Many people come in here with all of their beliefs, their convictions and their dogmas.
Many people come in just to learn how to relax, and they learn how.
Many people come in just to learn to relax, and they learn more.
Many people come in simply to relieve stress in the unique atmosphere of the bookstore.
Many people come into our cafes to book holidays or flights.
Many people come into our seminaries with very little church experience.
Many people come into the country and start living off the government.
Many people come into the movement through first having been attracted by astrology.
Many people come into therapy without any sense of identity at all.
Many people come just to relax in the land of the sun.
Many people come just to view the geese during the winter months.
Many People Come Looking.
Many people come out at night to try their hand at a team sport.
Many people come out of a hairdressers wondering why they ever went in.
Many people come out of the games with some bruises but nothing really serious.
Many people come so they can be close to family who relocated.
Many people come to a homeopath for help with a specific symptom or condition.
Many people come to a school and want to learn a particular focus.
Many people come to a school wanting to learn a particular focus.
Many people come to acupuncture for help with specific symptoms or conditions.
Many people come to add rare species to their birding life lists.
Many people come to Alaska to see glaciers.
Many people come to America for freedom.
Many people come to bingo, mostly women and children.
Many people come to Blue Ridge for a quiet, cozy mountain getaway.
Many people come to campus year after year to participate.
Many people come to Canada to see our wonderful Northern Lights.
Many people come to church for many different reasons.
Many people come to church to be entertained.
Many people come to church to look good.
Many people come to cities to find jobs and a better standard of life.
Many people come to class with a clear goal.
Many people come to climb the rock.
Many people come to counselling with lack of confidence in themselves, and low self esteem.
Many people come to Cumbria to be married from outside the area.
Many people come to Dawson City in the summers looking for work.
Many people come to depend on pets for comfort, company, security and nonjudgmental affection.
Many people come to eat and stay for the band.
Many people come to enjoy the merry go round and choice of games for adults and kids.
Many people come to events wanting to assist.
Many people come to fish, some come for the birds, and all enjoy both.
Many people come to Houston to see the architecture.
Many people come to Jakarta from surrounding areas because the supplies here are better.
Many people come to linguistics through a love of languages.
Many people come to Maine to vacation and check out the great scenery.
Many people come to mediation as a last resort, feeling frustrated by the situation.
Many people come to meet friends and drink.
Many people come to our doors because no other agency is able to assist.
Many people come to our special mountain community for that reason.
Many people come to Palm Springs for the golf, which is spectacular.
Many people come to pray and sit there.
Many people come to relax on the spacious lawns.
Many people come to running with strides that are long enough already.
Many people come to salvation in time of pain and distress.
Many people come to see it bloom every spring.
Many people come to see it.
Many people come to seek fame and fortune.
Many people come to that conclusion for a variety of reasons.
Many people come to the Apostle Islands seeking the adventure of exploring the area by boat.
Many people come to the Bay of Islands with marlin in mind.
Many people come to the borders because of the vices that are readily and easily available.
Many people come to the clothing store for clothing to wear to job interviews.
Many people come to the farmer's market to buy vegetables.
Many people come to the free clinic for their pharmacy.
Many people come to the gallery looking for small, inexpensive gifts.
Many people come to the gathering from all over the world.
Many people come to the house just out of a treatment program for their addiction.
Many people come to the law because of deep feelings of conscience and social concern.
Many people come to the law with a problem.
Many people come to the Northland with marlin in mind.
Many people come to the outdoors to listen to nature.
Many people come to the park for several years without seeing any bears and are disappointed.
Many people come to the park to view the bald eagles that congregate here during the winter months.
Many people come to The Polynesian Spa just to soak in the pools.
Many people come to the Ranch with one purpose, to discover another while there.
Many people come to the refuge throughout the year, especially in the spring and summer.
Many people come to the seminary from other fields.
Many people come to the smokies to see black bears.
Many people come to the United States to study here.
Many people come to their first club meeting out of curiosity.
Many people come to town to ride and walk the trail.
Many people come to treatment under duress and unaware of their illness.
Many people come to Vancouver to see the traditional Native art of the Northwest Coast.
Many people come to visit in the winter to renew a romantic relationship .
Many people come to visit winter or summer just to relax or renew a romantic relationship .
Many people come to VLAS looking for justice.
Many people come to volunteer work with years of experience in relevant areas.
Many people come to walk and to savour the peace and quiet and mountain air.
Many people come to waterski, sail, houseboat, snorkel and jet ski.
Many people come to win, but most are there to just have fun.
Many people come to Yemen for different reasons.
Many people come touring through to see the beautiful scenery of the mountains.
Many people come with marlin in mind.
Many people come, and go.
Many people come, troubled in mind or body, and seek counselling, advice or just a sympathetic ear.
Many people comment about the roll generator.
Many people comment how good looking the boat is too.
Many people comment on how human their pets seem to be.
Many people comment on the lack of graphic images here.
Many people comment on the peace, simplicity and beauty of our friaries.
Many people comment that dining on the river was the most pleasant surprise of their journey.
Many people comment that the hardest part is waiting to get started.
Many people comment that they generally feel better.
Many people commit horrendous acts of physical violence against each other.
Many people commit suicide when they believe that they have become worthless and useless.
Many people commit themselves to good things.
Many people commit two very big mistakes when estimating costs for their hand-made products.
Many people commonly confuse scholarly journals with trade magazines.
Many people communicate telepathically with animals, too.
Many people communicate via the internet.
Many people commute from the Valley to work in nearby communities.
Many people commute here from all over the state.
Many people commute, by ferry, to work in Hiroshima.
Many people compare it to sales because that's exactly what it is, selling.
Many people compare it to veal.
Many people compare opening a box of our hay to walking into a hay field.
Many people compare siphonophores to ant or bee colonies .
Many people compare their delicate taste to that of a scallop.
Many people complain about a lack of desire or interest in sex and sexual intimacy.
Many people complain about being too busy.
Many people complain about black spots, specks or cobwebs floating in their vision.
Many people complain about colleagues who take calls during meetings.
Many people complain about excessive daytime sleepiness.
Many people complain about it, just like they do junk mail and telemarketers.
Many people complain about it.
Many people complain about lockups within hours, etc.
Many people complain about needing more time in a day.
Many people complain about other users in chat rooms or email bandits.
Many people complain about others stealing their people.
Many people complain about pages 'being too long'.
Many people complain about parking and traffic congestion on campus.
Many people complain about sleep difficulties.
Many people complain about street prostitution in the Tenderloin.
Many people complain about taxes, crime, and other perceived problems of society.
Many people complain about the complexity of doing their own taxes.
Many people complain about the English language dominating the net.
Many people complain about the lack of details about the units and land.
Many people complain about the lack of quality films, but few do anything about it.
Many people complain about the postcards.
Many people complain about the program content.
Many people complain about the way things are but never get around to do anything about it.
Many people complain about the weather.
Many people complain about the X-windows standard.
Many people complain about western cultures limited view of life.
Many people complain among themselves about criminal activity.
Many people complain of a disturbed sense of taste.
Many people complain of blurred vision before the diagnosis of a brain tumor is made.
Many people complain of heel pain.
Many people complain of lack of motivation because of boredom.
Many people complain of low energy from time to time.
Many people complain of the acidity of typical vitamin C supplements.
Many people complain of thirst especially right after surgery.
Many people complain that adding fiber to the diet causes gas.
Many people complain that golf courses ruin animal habitats.
Many people complain that miscegenation waters down their culture.
Many people complain that movies and TV programs create violence in our society.
Many people complain that movies are increasingly divorced from real life.
Many people complain that punk songs are too short.
Many people complain that some computer games offer no challenge.
Many people complain that the refereeing process is spiraling out of control.
Many people complain that the squirrels are eating the birds' food and destroying the bird feeders.
Many people complain that their organization is either too rigid or too chaotic.
Many people complain that their seizure medications cost a lot.
Many people complain that they have trouble switching off their mind at night.
Many people complain that they have worn themselves out through overwork.
Many people complain that they never see their pastor.
Many people complain that traditional lifejackets are too bulky and uncomfortable.
Many people complain today about the lack of creative statesmanship.
Many people complete an associate degree and start a career.
Many people complete the testing over a period of time.
Many people complete their treatment with little or no difficulty at all.
Many people complicate short-term sleep deprivation by turning it into a habit.
Many people conceal their ownership or interest in property.
Many people concentrate only on the goal they wish to attain.
Many people concentrate too much on preventing waste and the ease of cage cleaning.
Many people conclude in error that the Scriptures are vague regarding immortality.
Many people condemn the horror genre, saying it s dumb and overly violent.
Many people condemn the mindless violence, sex and profanity that come out of Hollywood nowadays.
Many people conduct interviews and hire people all the time.
Many people conduct job hunting on the Internet to help maintain confidentiality.
Many people configure their machines by hand.
Many people confine their associations to the physical world.
Many people confuse a case management program and a document management program.
Many people confuse a compost pile with a garbage pile, but there are certainly deep distinctions.
Many people confuse a home inspection with the county and state building code inspections.
Many people confuse a mask with an appliance.
Many people confuse an environmental problem with an environmental issue.
Many people confuse and abstract with an introduction.
Many people confuse assertiveness with aggressiveness.
Many people confuse bees with wasps.
Many people confuse being self-effacing with politeness.
Many people confuse between an insect sting and bite.
Many people confuse body fat with obesity.
Many people confuse breathing with respiration, but breathing is just the first step of respiration.
Many people confuse browsers and search engines.
Many people confuse civility and politeness.
Many people confuse computer memory with hard disk space.
Many people confuse cut with the shape of a diamond.
Many people confuse cut with the shape of the diamond.
Many people confuse depression with feeling blue or down.
Many people confuse depression with sadness, but there are important differences.
Many people confuse difficulty for impossibility.
Many people confuse downloading with actual installation.
Many people confuse empathy with sympathy, but empathy is much more.
Many people confuse empathy with sympathy, but empathy is really so much more.
Many people confuse empty religion with real relationship which is the heart of the Christian life.
Many people confuse fighting arts with self defense.
Many people confuse flu with a common cold.
Many people confuse Forensic Psychology with forensic science.
Many people confuse frame sizing with wheel sizing.
Many people confuse frogs and toads, but they are different in many ways.
Many people confuse goblins with demons.
Many people confuse heart attack with heart failure.
Many people confuse income taxes and estate taxes.
Many people confuse influenza or flu with the common cold.
Many people confuse information with knowledge.
Many people confuse knowledge management with intellectual capital.
Many people confuse left and right while awake or dreaming, for instance while driving a car.
Many people confuse long-term memory with events which happened a long time ago.
Many people confuse looping with having a multi-aged classroom.
Many people confuse love with the desire of the body or the personality of another.
Many people confuse lust with love, over and over again.
Many people confuse manual analysis, slice and dice, drill down, etc. with data mining.
Many people confuse more bears at lower elevations with a growing bear count.
Many people confuse multiple personality with schizophrenia.
Many people confuse negative reinforcement with punishment.
Many people confuse ozone depletion as a cause of climate change.
Many people confuse plantains with bananas, some of the differences are noted above.
Many people confuse population growth with population density.
Many people confuse post production with mastering and mastering with glass mastering.
Many people confuse probate and estate taxes.
Many people confuse project delivery systems with procurement methods.
Many people confuse punishment and discipline.
Many people confuse race and gender discrimination.
Many people confuse ravens and crows, and even experienced bird watchers slip up now and then.
Many people confuse respect with awe.
Many people confuse schizophrenia with multiple personality disorder.
Many people confuse sea kayaking with whitewater kayaking.
Many people confuse seeding and ranking .
Many people confuse spiders with insects.
Many people confuse strength training with weight lifting and power lifting.
Many people confuse technical expertise with talent.
Many people confuse the above example of uncertain reasoning with fuzzy reasoning.
Many people confuse the application statement with the conclusion.
Many people confuse the centipede with the slow-moving millipede.
Many people confuse the cut with the shape of a diamond.
Many people confuse the cut with the shape of a Diamond.
Many people confuse the difference between acute toxicity and chronic toxicity.
Many people confuse the effects of an altered diet with the symptoms of more serious illnesses.
Many people confuse the emotion depression with clinical depression.
Many people confuse the five-year recertification requirement with annual renewal.
Many people confuse the improbable with the impossible.
Many people confuse the Net with the Web.
Many people confuse the passive voice with the past tense .
Many people confuse the terms and have little understanding of the real meaning of the word quality.
Many people confuse the terms line speed and interface speed.
Many people confuse the terms sensuality and sexuality, thinking they are synonymous.
Many people confuse the two roles.
Many people confuse the two types of applications.
Many people confuse the two types of reactions.
Many people confuse the two.
Many people confuse the words affect and effect.
Many people confuse the words.
Many people confuse the work of a nurse with the work of an aide.
Many people confuse the work of pastors with that of preachers or evangelists.
Many people confuse their profession with their business.
Many people confuse trademarks with registered trademarks.
Many people confuse transsexuals with homosexuals, especially with male homosexuals in drag.
Many people confuse video and digital cameras.
Many people confuse walking with day-hiking.
Many people confuse watches and warnings.
Many people connect at work using their network, some of which contain firewalls.
Many people connect good verbal communication skills with intelligence.
Many people connect the color frequency of a specific chakra with that of the stone being used.
Many people connect their computers to the Internet to roam the information superhighway.
Many people connect their fax machines to a power surge protector.
Many people connect with each other through the support groups.
Many people consider a confession to be the strongest kind of evidence of guilt.
Many people consider a numeral a number.
Many people consider a shark's jaw being a dangerous weapon.
Many people consider adding another dog when they find out how well one dog fits into their home.
Many people consider alchemy to be simply an outdated forrunner of chemistry.
Many people consider an insect a bug.
Many people consider arthritis to be a condition that strikes only the elderly.
Many people consider autocrossing to be the best driver training in the world.
Many people consider bamboo a nuisance, in the same league as kudzu.
Many people consider bass fishing to be a southeastern activity, but it is a national pastime.
Many people consider beans and peas as vegetarian alternatives for meat.
Many people consider both to be stabilising features of our national life.
Many people consider calculus to be one of the greatest achievements of the human intellect.
Many people consider cash as the only method of giving.
Many people consider catfish to be ugly or weird in appearance and a necessary evil as scavengers.
Many people consider chairs to be things to sit on, but they can be more than that.
Many people consider childhood and youth the happiest periods of life.
Many people consider children with unusual talents to be advantaged, and in some ways they are.
Many people consider coconut a fruit.
Many people consider coin collecting to be a hobby, but it can be more than that.
Many people consider collectible figurines and bears to be a hobby,but it can be more than that.
Many people consider computers as the cure to all of education's problems.
Many people consider conspiracy theories to be unworthy of serious discussion.
Many people consider consumer use or household products to be non-toxic .
Many people consider cookies to be dangerous.
Many people consider corvids to be among the most intelligent birds.
Many people consider cotton to be the purest fibre on earth.
Many people consider crating as unbelievably cruel.
Many people consider death to be a complete invalidation of a healing arts practitioner.
Many people consider dreams the most important part of sleep.
Many people consider driving a good car more important than owning one.
Many people consider ear coning as necessary a part of personal hygiene as is tooth brushing.
Many people consider energy and water conservation as futuristic, impractical or too expensive.
Many people consider engineering a hands-on profession.
Many people consider excess weight to be only an issue of cosmetics.
Many people consider fat a substance to be avoided at all costs.
Many people consider garlic's odor offensive.
Many people consider hardcore as punk with a message.
Many people consider health care providers as very credible role models for health behaviors.
Many people consider idling and going to work in their own car as ordinary things.
Many people consider interviews to be an uncomfortable experience.
Many people consider it a chore.
Many people consider it a delicacy.
Many people consider it a sanctuary, a refuge, and some call it home.
Many people consider it a special occasion, so they dress up.
Many people consider it a weed.
Many people consider it basically non-toxic.
Many people consider it good luck to have 'Barnies' nesting on their porches or under their eaves.
Many people consider it 'good' to convert someone for their own good.
Many people consider it impractical to try to measure public sector assets.
Many people consider it ineffective.
Many people consider it investing, but experts say it is far from it.
Many people consider it lovely .
Many people consider it lovely.
Many people consider it lucky to wear the stone associated with their birthday.
Many people consider it one of the best films of all time.
Many people consider it one of the most interesting French cheeses.
Many people consider it quite a challenge to be able to identify the different species.
Many people consider it quite good.
Many people consider it rude to do so for the whole evening.
Many people consider it superior to famed Italian marble.
Many people consider it the best for using whole or grinding fresh in a peppermill.
Many people consider it the best midi pedal ever produced.
Many people consider it the home to the poorest people on the earth.
Many people consider it the most powerful tank in the game.
Many people consider it their most basic, useful report.
Many people consider it to be intrusive.
Many people consider it to be one of the important novels about a different view on history .
Many people consider it to be one of the important novels about a different view on history.
Many people consider it to be the best encyclopedia, because it is accurate and has lots of detail.
Many people consider it to represent the 'true' Mexico.
Many people consider it well worth the effort.
Many people consider jellies a delicacy.
Many people consider jogging wrong.
Many people consider jury duty an inconvenience, an intrusion, and a hardship.
Many people consider knives the perfect gift.
Many people consider lead to be an environmental issue but have no idea of the far-reaching effects.
Many people consider learning a leisure pursuit.
Many people consider meetings to be, at best, a necessary evil.
Many people consider menudo a cure for hangovers.
Many people consider money an idol.
Many people consider mountain rescue boring.
Many people consider our goat milk products to be the best tasting that they have ever tried.
Many people consider ozone a side benefit because it zaps contaminants in the air.
Many people consider Palau a diving mecca.
Many people consider philosophers to be the founders of the modern animal rights movement.
Many people consider programming fun.
Many people consider reading the classified employment adds as a genuine effort in finding a job.
Many people consider red hickory to be a northern ecotype of the pignut hickory.
Many people consider religion to be mindless inspiration, but true religion requires thought.
Many people consider rent to be a fixed and an inflexible part of their expenses.
Many people consider renting the perfect option.
Many people consider science fiction to be trashy, escapist literature, with little redeeming value.
Many people consider sins of a sexual nature to be the worst kind of sin.
Many people consider skimming and scanning search techniques rather than reading strategies.
Many people consider something to be art only if it portrays some lofty ideal or setting.
Many people consider speaking in front of a crowd to be a fate worse than death.
Many people consider stamp collection to be a hobby, but it can be more than that.
Many people consider steep hills, or sharp inclines, to be barriers.
Many people consider sugar a legal, but deadly drug.
Many people consider switching their mortgage but few actually do.
Many people consider Tatum the most inspired and technically gifted improviser in jazz history.
Many people consider televangelists to be the pro wrestlers of religion.
Many people consider term limits necessary because of the unfair advantage enjoyed by incumbents.
Many people consider Thai cuisine to be the most complex and delicious in all of Asia.
Many people consider that only half the job.
Many people consider that theory akin to a declaration of independence.
Many people consider that they are very productive knowledge systems.
Many people consider the attributive use of lady, as in lady doctor, offensive and outdated.
Many people consider the best hospitals in the world to be located in Boston.
Many people consider the challenge insurmountable.
Many people consider the climate ideal far year-round living.
Many people consider the comma to be at best a minor annoyance and at worst an interference.
Many people consider the cost an investment in their future happiness and well-being.
Many people consider the cross a religious symbol.
Many people consider the death of a loved one to be the worst experience they have to face in life.
Many people consider the diet, excluding meat, distasteful and boring.
Many people consider the effects less manageable and harder to work with than other entheogens.
Many people consider the fruit and seeds dropped by female trees to be annoying litter.
Many people consider the gull to be a nuisance, but they actually perform a very valuable service.
Many people consider the most delicious part of the lobster.
Many people consider the nutritional information they get to be a maze of contradictions.
Many people consider the opening theme to be more popular than the show itself.
Many people consider the possibility of additional education sometime during their lives.
Many people consider the present calling structure arbitrary and unfair.
Many people consider the schools unsafe and unsanitary.
Many people consider the United States opossum revolting.
Many people consider the United States to be an international human rights leader.
Many people consider the use of the term automatic acceptable.
Many people consider their dog to be part of the family.
Many people consider their home loan separately from the rest of their finances.
Many people consider their office a second home.
Many people consider their sound harsh.
Many people consider themselves birdwatchers or birders to some degree.
Many people consider themselves satisfied with their ACP without completion of an AD form.
Many people consider themselves to be active library users yet never enter the building.
Many people consider there to be an essential tension between science and religion.
Many people consider touring Europe by bicycle.
Many people consider unconfined domestic ducks a nuisance.
Many people construct their own.
Many people consult astrologers and use astrology in their daily lives.
Many people consult geomancers before buying a house or building a new office.
Many people consume drugs for medicinal or recreational purposes.
Many people consume garlic as a preventive measure.
Many people consume milk for a good source of protein.
Many people consume too little calcium, folic acid and dietary fiber, to name three.
Many people contend that orgasms are highly intensified when the body is cut off from oxygen.
Many people continually give themselves negative messages.
Many people continually roll more and more negative equity into new purchases.
Many people continue bad habits even when they know it is unhealthy.
Many people continue stocking up on food and supplies.
Many people continue their same lifestyle after a job loss by financing it with lines of credit.
Many people continue to be exposed to electromagnetic fields or live near power lines.
Many people continue to debate the issue today.
Many people continue to die of their illness or of complications related to treatment.
Many people continue to engage in certain behaviors against medical advice.
Many people continue to function well with some assistance in their homes.
Many people continue to get a Master's Degree which takes two or three years.
Many people continue to have asthma problems, even though they try to avoid irritants and allergens.
Many people continue to listen to the music even after they pass the course, it's that entertaining.
Many people continue to plant trees with an auger.
Many people continue to question whether a business run by a woman can be productive.
Many people continue to regard nursing as a woman s profession.
Many people continue to stay overweight despite their sincere efforts to slim down.
Many people continue to suffer and struggle to escape poverty.
Many people continue to suffer discrimination, inequality and poor health.
Many people continue to suffer distress associated with hallucinations and delusions.
Many people continue to use it, however.
Many people continue to view addiction as a moral weakness.
Many people continue to view depression as a personality trait, something to snap out of.
Many people continuously work on business or personal tasks that are leading nowhere.
Many people continuously work on personal tasks that are leading nowhere.
Many people contract several colds and flu every year.
Many people contribute ideas and effort to a study and ultimately to the report.
Many people contribute on a regular basis.
Many people contribute patches to Python.
Many people contribute to a magazine or newspaper.
Many people contribute to a successful mission.
Many people contribute to diversity.
Many people contribute to the project without ever lifting a hammer.
Many people contribute to the work on people-centric, ultralight methodologies.
Many people cook with myrtlewood leaves in place of bay leaves.
Many people cooperate if and only if others cooperate in return .
Many people cooperate if and only if others cooperate in return.
Many people cope with difficulties in their lives in ways which are risky and harmful to themselves.
Many people couldn t take it.
Many people count and pace their drinks.
Many people cover only a part of a glass object.
Many people cover the canes with cones only.
Many people cover their compost with plastic to prevent the outer layers from drying too much.
Many people cover their entire spa for the winter, if in a location exposed to the weather.
Many people crave chocolate.
Many people crave nonstandard objects and situations.
Many people crave sweets more when in the mountains.
Many people create a separate section on their resume, dedicated to their computer experience.
Many people create and prolong stress by delaying a decision that needs to be made.
Many people create compost bins in their yards, where they throw out their food garbage.
Many people create fictitious names to protect their identity.
Many people create living trusts and then forget to put their assets in the trust.
Many people create or engineer interactions, presentations, and experiences for others.
Many people create schedules in table view but print in calendar format.
Many people create their own designs with excellent results.
Many people create their own home pages.
Many people create their own negative reality through negative visualization.
Many people create their own Web pages, and it is very easy to learn.
Many people create their own Web pages.
Many people create web pages about themselves or others.
Many people create wildlife around their homes without realizing it.
Many people cringe at any book that is named a kind of 'classic'.
Many people cringe at the word 'custom', when in reference to art.
Many people criticize Jordan as being wordy.
Many people criticize people in authority, and some even criticize the existence of authority.
Many people criticize the decision to have Russia responsible for a critical part of the station.
Many people cross domains.
Many people cross open bodies of water.
Many people cross over the border from Guatemala to see the ruins on a daytrip.
Many people cross state lines to buy a car in a state that has no or a very low sales tax.
Many people crowd around to see the sea lions, but many others never even realize they are there.
Many people crowd young plants together to make a new planting look good when it is planted.
Many people cruise the web with graphics turned off anyway.
Many people cultivate and nurture the rose in their gardens.
Many people cultivate the tree because it is used in making apricot oil.
Many people currently shop online with their credit cards.
Many people customarily breath through their nose.
Many people cycle through the stages more than once before effecting a permanent change.
Many people dance it with different styles and influences.
Many people dance looking down at the floor, and thus are out of touch with the set as a whole.
Many people dance looking down at the floor, and thus are out of touch with the square as a whole.
Many people deal with guilt by drowning it.
Many people deal with it successfully and the event becomes little more than a bad memory.
Many people deal with slow connections by turning off default display of images.
Many people deal with the customer service concept only on a technical basis.
Many people decide a party is the way to celebrate a joyous occasion.
Many people decide on our future.
Many people decide that they are going to work from home when they go freelance.
Many people decide to do a thorough spring-cleaning.
Many people decide to leave it.
Many people decide to remove moles for cosmetic reasons.
Many people decide to save what's left over after expenses.
Many people decide to sue, expecting to win huge verdicts.
Many people decide to take things as they come.
Many people decide what to read and what to delete based on the subject line of a message.
Many people decide whether they want to read a message based on the content of the subject line.
Many people decide whether to read the paper on the basis of the abstract.
Many people declare a fear of heights.
Many people decorade their houses and territorys with lights around trees and bushes.
Many people decorate a child's room based on the latest hot theme.
Many people decorate the outdoors for the holidays.
Many people decorate their motor bikes with lights and stickers.
Many people decrease food consumption due to suppression of appetite, and nausea.
Many people decry the blind partisanship of others, but nevertheless practice it themselves.
Many people decry the failure of moral leadership in our nation.
Many people deduct utility costs and other home-maintenance costs for a home office.
Many people deem swearing unsuitable language.
Many people define faith as a mental acceptance of certain facts.
Many people define frequently as monthly.
Many people define listening as the experience of receiving sounds.
Many people define poverty in primarily material terms.
Many people define reading in a very traditional sense.
Many people define success as money and responsibility.
Many people define themselves by what they do for a living.
Many people delay or avoid making decisions until a crisis occurs and immediate action is needed.
Many people delay treatment as long as possible.
Many people delete mail un-read based on the subject line.
Many people delete messages without any subject.
Many people delete old files or programs thinking they're gone.
Many people delight in a green esrog, preferring it to a yellow one.
Many people delude themselves about money and fundraising.
Many people delve into self-employment and entrepreneurial pursuits.
Many people deny it today, and the warning of it is stifled.
Many people deny that they grind and clench their teeth.
Many people deny the desire to crossdress for years.
Many people depend on having lab equipment running smoothly.
Many people depend on it.
Many people depend on the experiences and opportunities provided by regional activities.
Many people depend on the river for recreation and our crops water supply.
Many people depend on weather.
Many people derive great pleasure from doing science.
Many people derive their power from the presence of conflict.
Many people describe a crisis as an event in which they faced a turning point in their lives.
Many people describe being brainwashed by the religion, and lured in to it.
Many people describe being emotionally numb and having problems concentrating and sleeping.
Many people describe church as a time for renewal in their week.
Many people describe fibromyalgia as feeling like a persistent flu.
Many people describe it as a heavy pressure or squeezing sensation in the center of their chest.
Many people describe it as a sweet taste of the very essence of ocean.
Many people describe it like being in a fog or sleepwalking through their daily activities.
Many people describe our products as simply beautiful.
Many people describe the dog as being stoic and brave.
Many people describe the feeling as a pins and needles sensation.
Many people describe the flavor as smoky, nutty, or comparable to mushrooms.
Many people describe the greys as being emotionless.
Many people describe the mortgage lending process as a tangled maze, difficult to navigate.
Many people describe their experience of anger as their blood boiling.
Many people describe warts as going down to the bond.
Many people deserve a great deal of thanks for the work they did.
Many people deserve thanks for being part of what led up to and culminated in the bar mitzvah.
Many people deserve thanks for IROW s recent successes.
Many people deserve thanks for making the archive a success.
Many people deserve thanks for making the repository a success.
Many people deserve thanks for their parts in the rechartering process.
Many people design for the LCD or lowest common denominator.
Many people design their own landscape plans.
Many people design websites and think that is all that is necessary to bring it to the world.
Many people designate their favorite charities in their wills.
Many people desire a living reminder of departed loved ones or coworkers who touched their lives.
Many people desire only to receive, receive and receive.
Many people desire the professional and social interactions of the office.
Many people desire to be free, yet continue to find themselves in bondage.
Many people desire to belong to and be accepted by the group.
Many people desire to learn more but initial frustration discourages and hinders progress.
Many people desire to learn, but early difficulties discourage and hinder progress.
Many people desire to understand the path their life has taken.
Many people destroy it just because it was there.
Many people determine the quality of the water they consume by how it smells, tastes or looks.
Many people detest honesty.
Many people develop a distaste for red meat and meat broths.
Many people develop a more assertive attitude about what is happening and what to do about it.
Many people develop a skin rash after contact with poison ivy.
Many people develop a substantial income and net worth by investing in real estate.
Many people develop a taste or smell disorder as a result of an injury or illness.
Many people develop allergies to cockroaches.
Many people develop an enzyme deficiency because of the foods they eat.
Many people develop an intensely emotional connection with their pets.
Many people develop back or neck pain as the result of rounding their back while cycling.
Many people develop cataracts which cause cloudiness in the lens of the eye.
Many people develop difficulties in their lives.
Many people develop eating disorders to cope with pressures they receive from the outside world.
Many people develop emotional attachments to their vehicles.
Many people develop epilepsy as children or teens.
Many people develop free software for free operating systems.
Many people develop gingivitis and it is primarily due to inadequate bacterial plaque control.
Many people develop lifelong relationships that begin with roommates and house mates.
Many people develop lifelong relationships that begin with roommates, suite mates and hall mates.
Many people develop macular degeneration late in life.
Many people develop new and effective techniques and programs, which regrettably remain hidden.
Many people develop opinions of a person, just because of the color of a persons skin.
Many people develop osteoarthritis as they age.
Many people develop preferences for particular search tools.
Many people develop rashes on their skin following contact with certain chemicals.
Many people develop severe allergic reactions to the hairs of gypsy moth caterpillars.
Many people develop severe allergies to dust mite droppings.
Many people develop skin rashes and assorted other reactions after exposure to the plant.
Many people develop solar lentigines early in adult life, particularly people from the Southwest.
Many people develop spiritual health through organized religions.
Many people develop their own study methods.
Many people develop what they regard as shrewd ways of moving around society.
Many people devise their own means of overcoming problems or use ordinary labour-saving devices.
Many people devote their lives to caring for their souls and preparing for an afterlife.
Many people devote their lives to caring for their souls, while others doubt souls exist.
Many people devote too much time and effort looking for the right evidence.
Many people didn t even know about the elections.
Many people didn t like taking the test before.
Many people die because of alcoholic intoxication.
Many people die because of earthquakes.
Many people die because of war.
Many people die because they simply give up hope.
Many people die before their glaucoma causes blindness.
Many people die before they reach a hospital.
Many people die by drinking too much alcohol, an addictive drug.
Many people die by violence, war and famine each day.
Many people die doing aerobics each year.
Many people die each year as a result of alcoholism.
Many people die each year as the result of hypothermia.
Many people die each year because of the lack of matching bone-marrow donors.
Many people die each year due to allergic reactions to antibiotics.
Many people die each year due to leaving candles unattended or placed in unsafe locations.
Many people die each year from allergic reactions to antibiotics.
Many people die every week.
Many people die every year due to drought.
Many people die for independence.
Many people die from being wet and cold , every year .
Many people die from being wet and cold, every year.
Many people die from exhaustion, malnutrition or torture and other severe abuse.
Many people die from heart attacks and strokes caused by high blood pressure.
Many people die from heart attacks each year as they shovel the snow from a storm.
Many people die from pneumonia , especially old people , or people with a weak immune system .
Many people die from pneumonia, especially old people, or people with a weak immune system.
Many people die from their first attack.
Many people die in car accidents caused by drunken drivers.
Many people die in hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and fires.
Many people die in institutions.
Many people die in Liberia because they can t afford to go to the hospital.
Many people die in times of emergency because of fluid losses.
Many people die in vain because of arrogant and emotional decisions made by men.
Many people die in war.
Many people die inside their homes in a fire because they feel afraid.
Many people die never fulfilling their purpose.
Many people die of cancer needlessly.
Many people die of malaria or other diseases at young ages, for no good reason.
Many people die prematurely because of opportunistic infections.
Many people die waiting for a needed organ or bone marrow transplant.
Many people die waiting or get so sick that the transplant success is diminished.
Many people die when they try to walk to safety.
Many people die while waiting for an organ.
Many people die with cancer.
Many people die, most after contact with the health care system.
Many people die.
Many people differ in their assessment of the seriousness of the gang problem.
Many people diligently follow their horoscopes and believe in their astrology signs meanings.
Many people diminish it until the good idea is but a mere memory.
Many people dine out for Chinese food rather than attempting to make it at home.
Many people dip the sticks in mediums or Alkyd driers and then attack the surface.
Many people disagree about the death penalty.
Many people disagree because they're confusing fear with hatred.
Many people disagree on how to define art.
Many people disagree with the courts.
Many people disagree without becoming nasty.
Many people disagree, judging from the numbers of people who appeared to be enjoying their dinners.
Many people disagree.
Many people disapprove and so be it.
Many people disapprove, of course.
Many people discard the Bible's teaching because it seems scientifically incorrect.
Many people discard trading stamps.
Many people discount nutrition because of all the conflicting information.
Many people discover art at certain points in their lives.
Many people discover hedgehogs in their garden cause they think theres a burglar out there.
Many people discover new technology through advertising.
Many people discover new things about others and themselves every day.
Many people discover that all they have to do is ask.
Many people discover that living in the community is a powerful and transformative experience.
Many people discover that mild to moderate alcohol use can quiet the tremors.
Many people discover that only their chest expands when they breathe.
Many people discover that their catered event is the biggest expense of their wedding or party.
Many people discover that there is hope after death.
Many people discover the belts are an excellent accessory for our capes.
Many people discover the car of their dreams is simply too expensive to insure.
Many people discover they have osteoporosis when their weakened bones cause painful fractures.
Many people discover they have the virus during a routine blood test.
Many people discriminate and perpetuate negative stereotypes.
Many people discuss all the knowledge for the taking on the Internet.
Many people discuss nutrition as analogous to gas for a car.
Many people discuss sexual techniques, and ways to modify plushies for sexual stimulation.
Many people discuss the internationalization of their campus.
Many people discuss their experience with their doctors.
Many people disdain burbot because they're a bottom feeder.
Many people disdain the command line in favor of using the mouse for almost everything.
Many people dislike and even fear recruiting and selling.
Many people dislike change.
Many people dislike cold calling, although it can be very effective.
Many people dislike even simple frames.
Many people dislike framed pages.
Many people dislike or feel anxious about math.
Many people dislike radical feminism a lot.
Many people dislike ratios of variation over the mean.
Many people dislike robots for a wide variety of reasons, which slows the robotic industry.
Many people dislike serving people.
Many people dislike the appearance of the traditional aluminum storm door.
Many people dislike the phrase mental handicap which is both stigmatising and imprecise.
Many people dislike the slight bitterness of endive, but others consider it rather sprightly.
Many people dislike the uncertainty of something like that.
Many people dislike the vastness and totalitarian feel of the building.
Many people dislike the wasteful habits of the blue jay.
Many people dislike their name or some part of it, and often wish to change it.
Many people dislike their names.
Many people dislike using voice mail systems.
Many people dislike, hate or fear snakes.
Many people dismiss planning for their retirement because it seems too overwhelming.
Many people dismiss police data are being worthless.
Many people dismiss that as a quaint, agrarian notion.
Many people dismiss the book because of the title.
Many people dismiss video, thinking that it s too expensive.
Many people dispense advice with dire warnings about failing to follow their techniques.
Many people displaced by Chernobyl can expect never to return home.
Many people displaced by the war live here, adding to the overall problem of ethnic reintegration.
Many people display ribbons of various colors symbolizing various causes.
Many people display the directory they are currently is as their prompt.
Many people display thumbnails in a vertical pattern, as shown below.
Many people dispute the existence of multiple personalities.
Many people disregard safer sex while high.
Many people distinctly prefer white lights, which are fuller spectrum.
Many people distribute documents electronically via Blackboard.
Many people distrust online gambling.
Many people divide their body up and work different areas each workout.
Many people do - and they find symptoms increasing with age.
Many people do a great deal of good work without just applause.
Many people do a little here and a little there and in the end, nothing is accomplished.
Many people do a lot of work for their chapter and nobody knows about it.
Many people do all their comestible shopping and pay for petrol by credit.
Many people do an enema once or twice a day.
Many people do and it can lead to injury.
Many people do and there are good reasons for at least considering it.
Many people do appear to be consciously aware that they are littering.
Many people do ask zso they can get cheaper contacts by mail order.
Many people do believe that crossing a one-year mark in a job is indicative of a serious employee.
Many people do believe that it is possible, but only some few do know that it is.
Many people do believe that the recessive mutations are genetically weaker.
Many people do best when they plan exercise into their schedules.
Many people do better with a disciplined payment schedule.
Many people do better with camaraderie and an instructor.
Many people do bring their own picnic style lunches however.
Many people do business or work on a strictly cash basis and are entirely outside the tax system.
Many people do eat fresh Bay-caught fish in spite of the warnings.
Many people do end up enjoying themselves - and the benefits to weight loss and health are enormous.
Many people do exactly like that.
Many people do exactly that.
Many people do experience a complete change of sexual orientation.
Many people do experience sexual difficulties.
Many people do far more damage when they cut than they do good.
Many people do feed supplements.
Many people do feel that the idea of personified agents in the user interface is a misguided notion.
Many people do find relief from their symptoms with pantothenic acid.
Many people do find their way.
Many people do fine without it.
Many people do get such lenses and are perfectly happy.
Many people do get well.
Many people do have allergic reactions to pollen, bacteria and dust mites.
Many people do have an aversion to tofu, but they are really missing out on a great food.
Many people do have problems with that today.
Many people do have the appropriate skills and qualifications to do a job.
Many people do home automotive care in the spring.
Many people do hunt the plant and harvest it.
Many people do if that is more convenient for their schedule.
Many people do immigrate into other countries besides the United States.
Many people do it as a hobby.
Many people do it as an economical form of transportation.
Many people do it for exercise and many do it for fun.
Many people do it in different ways.
Many people do it to justify their conduct in relation to the group they have stereotyped.
Many people do it too often.
Many people do it while watching TV or reading a book.
Many people do it.
Many people do jobs because they have to, while yearning and longing for something more fulfilling.
Many people do just that, and have been doing so for ages.
Many people do just that.
Many people do know about Nepal.
Many people do Let's Play videos as a series of videos showing a play-through of a video game.
Many people do live full time here but have to be pretty independant and self-employed.
Many people do live with it, and others' disease progresses and sometimes fast.
Many people do lose a lot of weight on the diet.
Many people do lose the joy along the way.
Many people do lose weight by dieting and exercising but then gain it back.
Many people do manage multi-cat households in which they keep infected and uninfected cats separate.
Many people do many of the same things.
Many people do many wrong things in real life.
Many people do marvelous things in wondrous ways.
Many people do multiple jobs in order to make ends meet.
Many people do nothing and intend to continue doing so.
Many people do nothing but criticize others.
Many people do now.
Many people do one once a week, beginning the process just before a break or lunch.
Many people do plan for their earthly retirement.
Many people do quit here.
Many people do recover from cancer.
Many people do rely on credit in times of crisis.
Many people do see a bear from a safe distance, and they consider it a thrill of a lifetime.
Many people do several different kinds of work over the course of their life.
Many people do sit on the anti-vandalism channel though.
Many people do so .
Many people do so every week in church.
Many people do so for other reasons as well, such as to protect one's skin from the sun.
Many people do so in municipal court.
Many people do so initially in order to buy their own products at a discount.
Many people do spoon bending, and it's done with misdirection.
Many people do take advantage of such opportunities to donate to a good cause.
Many people do that and are able to develop a modest readership for their sites in the process.
Many people do that at first.
Many people do that by refraining from working, buying or selling.
Many people do that listening to a good sermon in a Protestant church.
Many people do that today when making sourdough bread.
Many people do that today.
Many people do that well and receive better search engine rankings.
Many people do that.
Many people do the latter.
Many people do the opposite, holding in their stomachs and breathing only with their upper chests.
Many people do the same things every day.
Many people do the treatment when they are watching TV or chatting.
Many people do their banking with a co-op.
Many people do their best speaking when they have less time to prepare.
Many people do their best work when under moderate pressure.
Many people do their best work when under pressure.
Many people do their one day thrill dive , then go home and get certified.
Many people do things around the house that can make office work more painful.
Many people do think of veterans as individuals who fought in a war.
Many people do time in adult facilities and never return.
Many people do understand, however, what's at stake with the loss of the publication.
Many people do view that kind of medical proceedure as murder.
Many people do visit both over two days.
Many people do voluntary work.
Many people do well following a stroke, and most improve somewhat or a lot.
Many people do well on a single dose.
Many people do well on one a day.
Many people do well with a combination of medication and psychotherapy.
Many people do well, while others struggle with the amount of time and travel involved.
Many people do wonderful things for their local communities and for the country as a whole.
Many people do work as legitimate, self-employeed, independent contractors from their homes.
Many people do work as self employed people and have done so for many years.
Many people DO work effectively in casual dress.
Many people do worse because of the false claims of the manufacturers.
Many people do youth ministry but are unsure of the big picture.
Many people do, and are missing out on some of the most amazingly wierd and wonderful scapes.
Many people do, and some of our employees even prefer to do so.
Many people do, and they often talk themselves out of exploring a potentially promising opportunity.
Many people do, and they've had some success.
Many people do, but it is nonetheless illegal.
Many people do, but that can waste energy.
Many people do, especially after the last presidential election.
Many people do, especially the elderly.
Many people do.
Many people dodge problem-solving activities because they have a low tolerance for uncertainty.
Many people doing a little can make a big difference .
Many people doing even a little bit of work can produce exponential growth.
Many people don t care whom they step on in order to get to the top.
Many people don t even know it s there.
Many people don t feel comfortable ordering certain items over the Internet.
Many people don t get a second chance to change their lives after a heart attack.
Many people don t get enough calcium from foods and rely on calcium supplements.
Many people don t have a PC, but almost everyone has a phone.
Many people don t have much to do on the weekend.
Many people don t have someone else that has been there, too.
Many people don t have symptoms until the cancer is quite advanced.
Many people don t have the luxury of deciding to avoid unpleasant thoughts.
Many people don t have the opportunity to experience what are called slice of life dramas.
Many people don t have the space to devote just to cut flowers.
Many people don t have the time or energy to fight for others children.
Many people don t have the time to fix a healthy lunch to bring to work.
Many people don t have the time to learn at night because of family responsibilities.
Many people don t know hate when they see it.
Many people don t know how to respond to an unexpected kindness.
Many people don' t know the best time to plant garlic is in the fall.
Many people don t know the symptoms, and in other cases, the abuse is covered up.
Many people don t know what that serving size looks like.
Many people don t know who they are any more.
Many people don t like cold.
Many people don t like to receive large attachments.
Many people don t listen which irritates many agents, directors and photographers.
Many people don t make it.
Many people don t notice when they are breathing in a wrong way.
Many people don t realise it is a powerful drug.
Many people don t realise that there's more to hosting a web site than just monthly hosting fees.
Many people don t realise the role that Bird Island played during the Second World War.
Many people don t realize how important the mining industry is in their daily lives.
Many people don t realize how involved the printing process is.
Many people don t realize how much work goes into planning a successful occasion.
Many people don t realize that inhalants are a popular form of drug abuse among teens.
Many people don t realize that multiple factors contribute to losing weight and keeping it off.
Many people don t realize that the unique individual is formed at the moment of conception.
Many people don t realize that there is a technical side to nursing.
Many people don t realize that yarrow can be used in cooking.
Many people don t realize that.
Many people don t realize the many health risks posed by computer use.
Many people don t realize what it s like to go through something as painful as cancer.
Many people don t see mistakes in their typing.
Many people don t seek help with depression.
Many people don t take weight training into account when they diet.
Many people don t think of sediment as being a pollutant.
Many people don t understand that a mental illness is a medical illness.
Many people don' t understand that or accept that.
Many people don t understand that the login doesn t forgive spelling or syntax mistakes.
Many people don t want excess tax money to pay for new stadiums.
Many people don t want to owe money at the end of the year.
Many people don t.
Many people donate a kidney for transplantation to a family member or friend.
Many people donate at blood drives at their workplace.
Many people donate by participating in blood drives at their workplaces.
Many people donate clothes to groups, and buy presents at holidays.
Many people donate platelets twice a month for decades.
Many people donate their old computers to our program in exchange for a tax write-off.
Many people donate time to help others.
Many people donate valuable dolls and without realizing what they are giving away.
Many people dont recognize the power of river water.
Many people dont think twice when they get in a car after drinking.
Many people dont watch TV anymore because the shows and movies are repeats and the quality is low.
Many people double that amount, especially if malnourished.
Many people doubt it.
Many people doubt the existence of things until they see the ruins.
Many people doubt their ears when they hear of a tavern located right on the campus.
Many people dout the boy's wild tales.
Many people download a song and find that the song is only a clip.
Many people download and install both.
Many people download everything, then read offline.
Many people download files and images from the Internet onto their own computers or floppy disks.
Many people download it immediately.
Many people download their own satellite images.
Many people downplay their physical limitations.
Many people dowse for optimum health, good foods, vitamins etc.
Many people doze off unintentionally during the day despite getting their usual night of sleep.
Many people drag a bucket or sea-anchor when trolling flies to slow the boat down.
Many people drag galvanized and plastic tubs and trash cans around the yard.
Many people draw conclusions about the care a house has had by examining the inside of an oven.
Many people draw inspiration from occasional, moderate use of the herb.
Many people draw parallels between Korea and ancient Israel.
Many people dread dealing with car salespeople.
Many people dread having their position audited.
Many people dread paying their tax to get their decal.
Many people dread serving jury duty.
Many people dread the interview.
Many people dream about being successful.
Many people dream about doing great things.
Many people dream about getting on the Internet.
Many people dream about looking across a crowded room and seeing the love of their life.
Many people dream about reaching for the stars.
Many people dream about the perfect vacation.
Many people dream about weddings during times of stress and difficulty.
Many people dream of a career in the performing arts.
Many people dream of a caribbean vacation.
Many people dream of a wonderful job or career, but comparatively few actually go and find it.
Many people dream of becoming a paid professional athlete.
Many people dream of becoming a professional angler.
Many people dream of becoming independently wealthy over the course of a lifetime.
Many people dream of becoming their own boss.
Many people dream of being able to live here.
Many people dream of being able to play a musical instrument, let alone two or three.
Many people dream of being part of something bigger than they are.
Many people dream of building their own home.
Many people dream of chucking it all, walking away and starting a new life.
Many people dream of coming to Hawaii.
Many people dream of falling.
Many people dream of going into business for themselves.
Many people dream of going into business with friends.
Many people dream of going to a far away place, to a different life.
Many people dream of having a swimming pond for their ducks and geese.
Many people dream of having their own business.
Many people dream of leading a consultant's life, but few take the leap.
Many people dream of living in a rustic lodge home.
Many people dream of moving to the country.
Many people dream of owning a bed and breakfast.
Many people dream of owning a new car.
Many people dream of owning their own business some day, but are afraid to try it.
Many people dream of owning their own business.
Many people dream of sailing into the sunset - and many do.
Many people dream of sailing into the sunset.
Many people dream of starting their own business.
Many people dream of starting their own restaurant.
Many people dream of success.
Many people dream of turning something they love, such as an art form, into a living.
Many people dream of working from the comfort of their home.
Many people dream of working in the movies.
Many people dredge scrapple in a light coating of flour before frying.
Many people dress as if they're on the beach, and that comes in handy on a hot day.
Many people dress casually to eat there.
Many people dress formally and attend parties.
Many people dress in costume for the event.
Many people dress in the color red to symbolize happiness and a bright future.
Many people dress up as traditional characters.
Many people drift to crowded nearby cities to look for work.
Many people drink alcohol in social settings.
Many people drink alcohol socially or to relieve stress.
Many people drink alcohol to boost self-confidence and to relax around others.
Many people drink alcoholic beverages at social gatherings or during evenings out on the town.
Many people drink aloe vera juice as a dietary supplement.
Many people drink as much two gallons of Ionized Water per day.
Many people drink coffee for breakfast, but others prefer to drink tea.
Many people drink coffee or tea with their breakfast .
Many people drink coffee or tea with their breakfast.
Many people drink coffee, tea, water, and soda pop in the pub.
Many people drink every day for a variety of reasons with no subsequent problems.
Many people drink far more than they normally do.
Many people drink ginger teas or soft drinks.
Many people drink it in the morning with milk or cream.
Many people drink more than they think.
Many people drink socially, or occasionally, and are able to stop after a few drinks.
Many people drink the water to ease digestive and intestinal disorders.
Many people drink to experiment, to act sociable, or to show off.
Many people drink to get away from life's worries, while others prefer to drink socially.
Many people drive an hour or more each way for the two programs.
Many people drive around to the most promising sales even before the advertised starting time.
Many people drive around town and burn up gasoline in search of garage sales.
Many people drive by the beach to take a break from their daily routine.
Many people drive by the storage lot and see the rows of white trucks.
Many people drive further than that to attend a community college or go to the theater.
Many people drive in the middle of the street, which makes two-way traffic a hazard.
Many people drive in their own vehicles.
Many people drive past it without noticing.
Many people drive to and from work or other places by the same route everyday.
Many people drive to the campus early in the morning and have their morning walk through the campus.
Many people drive too fast for conditions.
Many people drive under Fort Columbia without knowing it.
Many people drive up and park, then walk, ride bike, etc.
Many people drive with relatively new cars in the UK since many employees have company cars.
Many people drop by the lessons because they are interested in pursuing such amusement.
Many people drop their email address without any thought.
Many people drown while trying to rescue their cars.
Many people drown while trying to save their cars.
Many people dry salmon on racks to preserve it for later use.
Many people dump things into the water.
Many people dunk food in a drink or take a swallow of liquid with each bite of food.
Many people dye their hair to hide gray or white hairs.
Many people earn a nice second income by joining affiliate and revenue sharing programs.
Many people earn high returns on their investments, and the economy grows.
Many people easily take on identities of other individuals in order to conceal their own.
Many people eat a big dinner and go to bed shortly thereafter.
Many people eat a dish with black-eyed peas on New Year's day to bring good luck in the coming year.
Many people eat a lot of fast food.
Many people eat as an outlet for stress.
Many people eat at that time of night out of boredom.
Many people eat cactus fruits or grind the seeds into a meal for cakes.
Many people eat different food.
Many people eat for pleasure as well as for health.
Many people eat for reasons other than physical hunger.
Many people eat in response to emotional rather than physical hunger.
Many people eat in response to negative emotions such as boredom, sadness, or anger.
Many people eat it in combination with 'upma'.
Many people eat or move about during the transfusion.
Many people eat out of stress, boredom, frustration, or for pleasure.
Many people eat plant foods simply because they are cheaper than animal products.
Many people eat pollen straight.
Many people eat quahogs raw.
Many people eat repetitively from a narrow range of foods thus compounding food sensitivity.
Many people eat the raccoon meat which they say tastes like lamb.
Many people eat the same vegetable salads every day.
Many people eat the seeds shelled and cooked with no adverse reactions.
Many people eat their chili with crackers.
Many people eat their country's food and dishes.
Many people eat three main meals a day.
Many people eat to fill a void in their lives.
Many people eat too much because they have something inside that feels empty.
Many people eat too much simply because it's pleasurable.
Many people eat too much, drink too much, talk too much.
Many people eat turkey leftovers.
Many people eat when stressed.
Many people eat when they are really tired or thirsty.
Many people eat when they feel stressed, angry, lonely, depressed, or disappointed.
Many people eat when they're bored, tired, depressed, or upset.
Many people eat, rather than drink, when they feel thirsty.
Many people effectively excuse themselves from life.
Many people elect to bring their transfer requests in person.
Many people elect to endow their charitable commitments.
Many people elect to have declawing done at the same time as neutering.
Many people elect to use an industrial vacuum cleaner as a first attempt.
Many people eliminate animal foods from their diet because of health concerns.
Many people eliminate milk, cheese, dairy products, eggs and their derivatives for moral reasons.
Many people embark upon one or another planning regimen with attention primarily to time.
Many people embrace a faith that advocates non-violence.
Many people embrace the changes brought about by the computer revolution.
Many people embrace the precepts, and there are many people of virtue.
Many people embrace the precepts, but few are virtuous.
Many people emigrate from their country every year.
Many people employ boric acid dust.
Many people employ genealogists to find missing relatives or lost friends.
Many people employ inappropriate tools for handling data.
Many people employed by small businesses, or making low wages are still uninsured.
Many people employed in the public sector find themselves facing dwindling budgetary resources.
Many people encounter barriers when attempting to further their education.
Many people encounter difficulties during their college years.
Many people encounter obstacles when trying to improve the quality of their lives.
Many people encounter problems with studying during their course.
Many people encourage stress by saying yes too much.
Many people end the war unilaterally.
Many people end their shopping trip in the last aisle and go immediately to the closest line.
Many people end up buying term and spending the difference.
Many people end up in careers far from their major.
Many people end up in nursing homes or assisted living because home care becomes unaffordable.
Many people end up meeting future life long friends on our dive boats.
Many people end up moving only to go from the house to work and back again.
Many people end up on anti-depressants, stress drugs and still fight through sleepless nights.
Many people end up on one side of the fence or the other.
Many people end up putting additional information in their member profiles.
Many people end up suffering alone and unnecessarily.
Many people end up visiting one doctor after another, trying to get a handle on their symptoms.
Many people end up weighing more than they did when they started their diet.
Many people end up with funny truncations or contractions in their login name.
Many people end up with twins.
Many people end up with unwanted chemicals because they over-purchased in the first place.
Many people endure life as a minority every day, without reprieve.
Many people endure the stigma of bad breathe, even though a cure is usually within their reach.
Many people engage their mouth well before they engage their brain.
Many people enjoy a drink with friends.
Many people enjoy a glass of reconstituted orange juice every day.
Many people enjoy a good word puzzle.
Many people enjoy a massage, swim or trip to the spa during a cleanse.
Many people enjoy air rifle and pistol shooting either for fun or hunting .
Many people enjoy air rifle and pistol shooting either for fun or hunting.
Many people enjoy alcohol in moderation.
Many people enjoy an after-work cocktail.
Many people enjoy being in close proximity to exhibits.
Many people enjoy being outdoors, especially in the winter.
Many people enjoy being surrounded by plants at work, at home or while dining.
Many people enjoy bird watching, but bird feeders do attract bears.
Many people enjoy bottle-feeding more, however, because it prolongs contact with the kittens.
Many people enjoy building and installing wood duck nesting boxes and mallard nesting cylinders.
Many people enjoy catching catfish or bullheads.
Many people enjoy collecting cinderellas.
Many people enjoy collecting coins .
Many people enjoy collecting coins.
Many people enjoy collecting such items as bottle caps and pull tabs from soda cans .
Many people enjoy collections.
Many people enjoy combining camping with other hobbies or activities.
Many people enjoy commiserating with fellow employees about the great injustices of the workplace.
Many people enjoy contemplating the various things they can represent.
Many people enjoy cooking and eating their own catch.
Many people enjoy discovering, photographing, sketching, or collecting rocks, minerals, and fossils.
Many people enjoy diving to visit the many wrecks along our coast and see the amazing sea life.
Many people enjoy dogs.
Many people enjoy doing presentations and training, just for the thrill of it.
Many people enjoy drinking alcohol in social settings or to relax.
Many people enjoy drinking alcohol.
Many people enjoy drinking flavored beverages instead of plain water.
Many people enjoy eating invertebrates such as lobster, shrimp, and crayfish, clam.
Many people enjoy eating seolleongtang with diced radish kimchi, kkakttugi.
Many people enjoy eating the fresh-picked fruit.
Many people enjoy eating the greens attached to the end.
Many people enjoy either raw or parboiled fish.
Many people enjoy entertainment and information lines.
Many people enjoy exercise more and find it easier to do regularly in the company of others.
Many people enjoy feeding and watching birds.
Many people enjoy finding themselves and their relatives on the Internet.
Many people enjoy fish either raw or parboiled.
Many people enjoy fishing and boating.
Many people enjoy flying remote controlled aircraft.
Many people enjoy flying to the cabin in a helicopter and skiing down.
Many people enjoy gambling and have no problem walking away.
Many people enjoy gambling occasionally.
Many people enjoy gambling once in a while.
Many people enjoy gardening as a hobby, or even as a profession.
Many people enjoy gardening, playing golf, or biking.
Many people enjoy ginger tea.
Many people enjoy going out and feeding the ducks and just basking in the sun.
Many people enjoy going shopping and spending time with friends.
Many people enjoy going to the fast food places specifically for unhealthy food, however.
Many people enjoy going to the school.
Many people enjoy growing strange and beautiful plants in their gardens and homes.
Many people enjoy having the real fire though.
Many people enjoy helping out in other ways.
Many people enjoy hiking in the foothills and mountains.
Many people enjoy hiking on holidays.
Many people enjoy holidays.
Many people enjoy hummingbirds their colors their sounds and the way they react to people.
Many people enjoy hunting, fishing, bird watching, and photography in wetland areas.
Many people enjoy introducing their dogs when they have the time.
Many people enjoy it all year round.
Many people enjoy it as a relaxing way to unwind from the stresses of the day.
Many people enjoy it so much that if there is no delicious gossip available, they'll invent some.
Many people enjoy jerky with a lot of pepper.
Many people enjoy keeping bees.
Many people enjoy keeping journals and diaries.
Many people enjoy keeping the occasional smallmouth bass to cook and eat for food.
Many people enjoy living in a home that offers excellent natural lighting.
Many people enjoy long soaks here.
Many people enjoy looking into their family's heritage.
Many people enjoy magic shows.
Many people enjoy marine sports such as windsurfing and yachting.
Many people enjoy mild pain as a regular part of sex.
Many people enjoy monitoring others as a hobby.
Many people enjoy more visitors for a full month.
Many people enjoy musical accompaniment for relaxation.
Many people enjoy observing wildlife in many different ways.
Many people enjoy outdoor winter recreation in Nevada.
Many people enjoy outings to harvest mushrooms, apples, and chestnuts.
Many people enjoy owning American cars.
Many people enjoy owning toucans as pets due to their intelligence and unique appearance.
Many people enjoy peanut butter which is a mixture of peanut oil and peanut water soluble compounds.
Many people enjoy planting herb varieties in their garden.
Many people enjoy playing and listening to music.
Many people enjoy playing casino games such as bingo or poker just for the fun of it.
Many people enjoy playing in large groups.
Many people enjoy practicing yoga techniques throughout the day.
Many people enjoy putting on their water proof clothes and walk the beach during the storms.
Many people enjoy puzzling because it usually relieves stress.
Many people enjoy raising chickens for eggs.
Many people enjoy reading about the world of real math and science.
Many people enjoy reading series of books by the same author.
Many people enjoy recreational activities on the water such as boating, fishing, swimming, etc.
Many people enjoy recreational aspects of the wetlands through fishing, hunting, and observing.
Many people enjoy riding motorcycles on Delaware's roadways.
Many people enjoy running or hiking with their dogs.
Many people enjoy science fiction is a true statement.
Many people enjoy searching for their Scottish roots.
Many people enjoy seeing large bodies of water.
Many people enjoy setting up boxes for the Eastern bluebird.
Many people enjoy sharing rumors about the sexuality and sexual orientation of celebrities.
Many people enjoy sharing their home with travellers.
Many people enjoy sharing their living space with a few iguanas.
Many people enjoy shopping at malls on the weekends.
Many people enjoy showing their animals in donkey and mule shows.
Many people enjoy showing their donkeys in driving, halter or pack classes.
MANY people enjoy significant savings.
Many people enjoy small ponds in their yards.
Many people enjoy smiting others with their tongue.
Many people enjoy snacking on the whole root, similar to eating a carrot.
Many people enjoy solving puzzles with elementary logical reasoning.
Many people enjoy some aspects of garden care and dislike others.
Many people enjoy sports or other activities in their exercise program.
Many people enjoy sweet aperitifs before dinner and drier digestifs afterwards.
Many people enjoy swimming and picnics at the park.
Many people enjoy that rush of adrenaline.
Many people enjoy the added stimulation of anal toys when masturbating.
Many people enjoy the added support and sharing inherent in group interactions.
Many people enjoy the benefits of cottage ownership.
Many people enjoy the choices and opportunities that direct marketing provides.
Many people enjoy the combination of anonymity and participation the web offers.
Many people enjoy the comfort of soft contact lenses.
Many people enjoy the companionship of animals.
Many people enjoy the diversity of styles and the versatility of camera work.
Many people enjoy the ease of dining at a restaurant.
Many people enjoy the fall foliage by driving or biking through country roads.
Many people enjoy the fiery bite of hot peppers.
Many people enjoy the gift of a newspaper subscription.
Many people enjoy the herbal flavor, but some find it distasteful.
Many people enjoy the long walks along the mountain ranges.
Many people enjoy the look that plant or grass growth brings to a stone walkway.
Many people enjoy the many species of birds in the park throughout the spring and summer.
Many people enjoy the nutty taste of flaxseed oil.
Many people enjoy the parade of rafts, the waterfights, and getting off the river by late afternoon.
Many people enjoy the passive nature television.
Many people enjoy the process of making as many parts as possible.
Many people enjoy the sandwich as it is easy and quick to make in a hurry .
Many people enjoy the sandwich as it is easy and quick to make in a hurry.
Many people enjoy the serene natural settings offered by golf course communities.
Many people enjoy the sounds and sights of the seashore.
Many people enjoy the taste of various pieces of the salmonberry plant.
Many people enjoy the terrain by canoeing down the Brazos River.
Many people enjoy the visual arts.
Many people enjoy the windows on their home for the lighting, ventilation, and view they provide.
Many people enjoy the wonderful relaxing sound of water fountains.
Many people enjoy their lives outside their homes.
Many people enjoy tonic or soda water with a twist of lime or lemon.
Many people enjoy tracing their family tree.
Many people enjoy trying the latest shareware available on the net.
Many people enjoy trying to figure out a mystery.
Many people enjoy trying to mimic their songs.
Many people enjoy using a radiation shield or hands-free device.
Many people enjoy using amateur radio to talk to other amateur radio hobbyists in other countries .
Many people enjoy using amateur radio to talk to other amateur radio hobbyists in other countries.
Many people enjoy visiting a working Western cattle ranch.
Many people enjoy visiting national parks and other scenic attractions.
Many people enjoy visiting the corridor.
Many people enjoy visiting zoos and seeing the animals.
Many people enjoy volunteer work in their free time.
Many people enjoy Walking for exercise or to compete.
Many people enjoy walking in the parks and on trails with their dogs.
Many people enjoy watching birds by going on bird walks.
Many people enjoy watching ducklings in a pond.
Many people enjoy watching magic in theaters, on television, and all over the place at Las Vegas.
Many people enjoy watching or photographing raccoons.
Many people enjoy watching the social behaviors of beaver.
Many people enjoy watching wildlife.
Many people enjoy water for recreational uses like fishing, swimming and boating.
Many people enjoy water sports.
Many people enjoy wearing jewelry made from their birthstones.
Many people enjoy welcoming others into their homes and serving as host or hostess.
MANY people enjoy winter sports such as ice skating and skiing.
Many people enjoy writing in diaries.
Many people enjoy writing poetry as it seems to have a calming effect to it.
Many people enjoy yoga.
Many people enroll in physical fitness programs.
Many people enter a kind of depression when they finally find someone they love.
Many people enter a nursing facility for rehabilitation or short-term intensive nursing care.
Many people enter a nursing facility for rehabilitation or short-term skilled care.
Many people enter a nursing facility for rehabilitation or short-term skilled nursing care.
Many people enter a nursing home because they are considered too forgetful to manage their own care.
Many people enter a nursing home for rehabilitation or short- term intensive nursing care services.
Many people enter a nursing home for rehabilitation or short-term intensive nursing care services.
Many people enter a nursing home paying for care with their own income and savings.
Many people enter a web site because they have a specific question to answer.
Many people enter dating relationships with no intention of ever offering any long term commitment.
Many people enter into marriage with similar expectations.
Many people enter management positions with a bachelor's degree.
Many people enter Only Once.
Many people enter religious life after being in a career for years.
Many people enter social movement groups with a great deal of idealism.
Many people enter the business through p.a.'ing on a set.
Many people enter the business with a preconceived notion of what auto sales is about.
Many people enter the church for the first time through the music program.
Many people enter the city without a permit, by taking a risk of detention.
Many people enter the contract without much more than simple desire.
Many people enter the field because they want to travel.
Many people enter the field following an undergraduate program in teacher education.
Many people enter the Web from modems rather than direct connections.
Many people enter therapy hoping to get rid of pain.
Many people enter totally unprepared and find themselves having problems making the distance.
Many people enter vocations each year.
Many people entering the news business have little or no experince.
Many people entertain fears for the future.
Many people envision information-age warfare as precise, antiseptic, elegantly woven operations.
Many people envy the entrepreneurial lifestyle.
Many people envy the stature a big diamond ring projects.
Many people envy the stature a cool tee shirt projects.
Many people equate biological control with organic farming and gardening.
Many people equate commissions, which are fairly easy to determine, with transactions costs.
Many people equate defects with programming errors.
Many people equate large websites with small home pages.
Many people equate loop-level parallelism with automatic parallelization .
Many people equate or confuse aggressivness towards other dogs with aggressivness towards humans.
Many people equate personalization with customer-relationship management.
Many people equate quantitative research with statistical analysis.
Many people equate radio power output with performance.
Many people equate the horse industry with the carriage horse.
Many people equate the market system with exploitation of the environment.
Many people equate the phrase with an admission of guilt.
Many people equate the supplement business with small health food stores.
Many people equate the term with fighting, loud voices, and hurt feelings.
Many people equate volatility only with risk of loss.
Many people equate youth ministry with church school.
Many people erroneously assume that the patent date on an item is the date it was manufactured.
Many people erroneously believe deadly insecticides are a good control measure against mosquitoes.
Many people erroneously believe that astrology is a science, and it is often advertised as such.
Many people erroneously believe that cats can fend for themselves.
Many people erroneously believe that loss of urine, called incontinence, is a normal part of aging.
Many people erroneously think that all trees of one species turn brilliant hues in the fall.
Many people erroneously think the family farm ceases to exist as farms get bigger.
Many people especially appreciate our wonderful meditation room.
Many people establish rich and fulfilling relationships with children other than their own.
Many people evaluate their backup solution based on how smoothly the backup itself goes.
Many people even center their flower gardens around roses.
Many people even change majors a couple times.
Many people even change majors two or three times.
Many people even choose nicknames for their Web sites.
Many people even claim that their hair grows back healthier and thicker than before.
Many people even claim to have been abducted by extraterrestrial beings.
Many people even commit robberies, thefts and crimes because of their gambling debts.
Many people even do business of registering domain names for sell.
Many people even experience an improved mood, especially in winter when natural light can be scarce.
Many people even grow orchids using artificial lights in their basement.
Many people even hang their laundry out to dry after a thunderstorm to capture the fresh scent.
Many people even have business assembling computers.
Many people even have difficulty performing right-brain activities.
Many people even have slower ones lying around because they just had to have a faster one.
Many people even live into their fifties and sixties.
Many people even perceive it as a sign of disrespect.
Many people even print their e-mail messages.
Many people even put lenses on their noses or directly on their eyeball to correct their vision.
Many people even return then and when to check out what is new.
Many people even see new hair growth before the end of their treatment.
Many people even use a simple willow-branch, with line attached to one end, out on the ice.
Many people even use Aerobed as their everyday bed.
Many people even use company job descriptions as guides to developing their resumes.
Many people even use their company job descriptions as a guide to developing their resumes.
Many people even wear shorts.
Many people eventually develop some arthritis in their feet.
Many people eventually quit or change jobs, because of dissatisfaction in their work.
Many people eventually require canes and are limited to walking short distances.
Many people evolve into chemical, electrical or other engineers after years of studying.
Many people exaggerate a bit during an interview.
Many people excel at the various firemaking methods.
Many people exchange gifts on new year's eve as an alternative to Xmas giving, so take advantage.
Many people exchange wordprocessing files and pictures.
Many people exclusively collect posters, and prefer to avoid all other movie collectibles even.
Many people exercise daily, but at the wrong intensity level.
Many people exercise for weight control.
Many people exercise to help with weight loss.
Many people exhibit some obsessive thoughts or compulsive actions.
Many people exhibit stress by tightening their neck and shoulder muscles.
Many people exhibit violent tendencies at a very early age.
Many people expect a gratuity for doing their job.
Many people expect a shakeout among all the Internet business communities.
Many people expect art and beauty to be synonymous.
Many people expect instant changes.
Many people expect instant results.
Many people expect such flavors when dining out eat ethnic restaurants.
Many people expect that once children are in school child care worries are over.
Many people expect that there is only one kind of relationship reading, a romantic kind.
Many people expect that to change very soon.
Many people expect the cars to stop.
Many people expect the government to shoulder all responsibilities and solve all problems.
Many people expect the row index to come first.
Many people expect the surveyor to estimate repair costs.
Many people expect to be in a lower bracket after they're retired.
Many people expect to instantly get a lot more hits after registering their site.
Many people expect to see many fish on their electronics.
Many people experience a certain amount of amnesia after surgery.
Many people experience a clearer mental state and increased energy after a short-term fast.
Many people experience a complete remission of their condition after a course of corticosteroids.
Many people experience a corresponding wave of emotion.
Many people experience a critical incident at some stage of their life.
Many people experience a greater serenity about life in general as well.
Many people experience a new level of clingyness to their therapist.
Many people experience a newfound freedom from glasses and contact lenses.
Many people experience a period of spontaneous euphoria when they stop using.
Many people experience a sense of personal failure, a child-like shame.
Many people experience a variety of intense emotions when they first find out they have herpes.
Many people experience a warning, or aura , just before their seizure.
Many people experience all kinds of sensations involving other objects or visuals involving UFOs.
Many people experience an alleviation of their depressive symptoms in a reasonable amount of time.
Many people experience an amazing mind lift as soon as they stop clogging their system.
Many people experience an autoimmune reaction during their lifetime.
Many people experience an internal conflict.
Many people experience an unpleasant feeling in-flight.
Many people experience an unpleasant flushing sensation and headache when they take niacin.
Many people experience both vegetative and emotional symptoms of depression.
Many people experience cardiac symptoms that come and go.
Many people experience chiropractic as a natural drug-free way to get healthy.
Many people experience chiropractic care as a natural, drug-free way to get healthy.
Many people experience dating that is superficial and destructive.
Many people experience death anxiety after the sudden loss of a loved one.
Many people experience deep relaxation, tranquility and serenity during and following a treatment.
Many people experience deep remorse after having sex before marriage.
Many people experience depression as a lack of pleasure rather than as the presence of pain.
Many people experience depression without considering suicide.
Many people experience devastation as a result of natural hazards.
Many people experience difficulties in understanding normal news channels.
Many people experience double vision or temporary, partial blindness.
Many people experience dry itchy eyes, coughs and scratchy throats.
Many people experience dry mouth soon after starting interferon therapy.
Many people experience dry skin.
Many people experience dryness and tightness of the skin after washing.
Many people experience extremely stressful events.
Many people experience fatigue with loss of energy and concentration.
Many people experience forms of arthritis or arthritic pain as they age.
Many people experience freedom from pain and aches that have built over months of tension.
Many people experience gingivitis to a varying degree.
Many people experience grave uncertainty surrounding retirement.
Many people experience guilt when they discover that their sexuality interferes with their marriage.
Many people experience habitual sins.
Many people experience increased fatigue during the summer months, as the heat takes it toll.
Many people experience irritation when salt residue on the inside of the suit rubs against the skin.
Many people experience it to varying degrees.
Many people experience it.
Many people experience marked improvement in their late teens or early twenties.
Many people experience mental confusion and persistent drowsiness.
Many people experience mental disorders or mental health problems for the first time late in life.
Many people experience mental health problems at some time during their lives.
Many people experience mental ill-health at some point of their life.
Many people experience mild to moderate winter depression.
Many people experience more energy, strength, and vitality after swimming with dolphins.
Many people experience more improvement from imaginary movements than from actual ones.
Many people experience more limited eyesight in the dark than they do in the light.
Many people experience more than one anxiety disorder at one time.
Many people experience motion sickness when they travel, here are some ideas on how to battle it.
Many people experience muscle aches and general soreness during recovery.
Many people experience natural evil.
Many people experience nervousness or fear when they have to take a polygraph test.
Many people experience no discomfort.
Many people experience no side effects.
Many people experience no symptoms at all.
Many people experience occasional heartburn.
Many people experience pain as a result of or while doing yoga.
Many people experience pain from time to time, but chronic pain is different.
Many people experience pain in their legs brought on by exercise such as walking a short distance.
Many people experience pain that gets worse with the activity and is lessened by rest.
Many people experience pain with the first few steps taken in the morning.
Many people experience premature ventricular contractions, or PVCs, with no apparent pathology.
Many people experience problems in attempting to move gracefully to music.
Many people experience problems in creating compost.
Many people experience problems with speaking, understanding, reading and writing.
Many people experience profound emotional, mental, and spiritual benefits as well.
Many people experience recurring dreams, or even recurring nightmares.
Many people experience results after the first listening.
Many people experience rush hour commutes where traffic is bumper to bumper for ten minutes or more.
Many people experience seemingly overwhelming problems for the first time during adolescence.
Many people experience sensory overload while looking for a place to live.
Many people experience serious stress during their lives.
Many people experience setbacks on a daily basis.
Many people experience severe back pain.
Many people experience severe headaches, lethargy, etc.
Many people experience shocks when they get out of their car.
Many people experience short-term bronchitis when they have a very bad cold.
Many people experience significant barriers in accessing adequate healthcare services.
Many people experience some anxiety before a test.
Many people experience some degree of rejection in their early years.
Many people experience some difficulty when searching the Internet for specific information.
Many people experience some form of alcohol and drug problem during their lives.
Many people experience some form of stress now and then.
Many people experience some hoarseness with advanced age.
Many people experience some relief by eliminating chocolate from their diet.
Many people experience some sadness at the end of their childbearing years.
Many people experience some sort of foot pain.
Many people experience that in a spiritual way.
Many people experience the devastation of flood.
Many people experience the urge to urinate after sex for any number of reasons.
Many people experience their attacks at the same time each year.
Many people experience their grief alone.
Many people experience tinnitus occasionally for a minute or two.
Many people experience tremors, even at an early age.
Many people experience undue anxiety about visiting the dentist.
Many people experience various forms of allergic reactions.
Many people experience very strong mental distractions while they are trying to pray.
Many people experience weight loss by increasing daily water intake only.
Many people experience weight loss from increasing daily water intake only.
Many people experience yeast elimination very quickly.
Many people experiencing heartburn have symptoms at least two times each week.
Many people explore transgender behavior without identifying themselves as transgendered.
Many people express a cynical view about politicians and the public process.
Many people express an increased sense of freedom and flexibility.
Many people express concern about applying insecticides where food or foodstuff is stored.
Many people express concern over the high prices of blockbuster drugs.
Many people express confusion about Salt Lake City addresses.
Many people express desperation about the status quo in the world.
Many people express guarded optimism about women finding more employment today in craft areas.
Many people express jealous rage.
Many people express their thanks to our staff verbally or by sending cards and letters.
Many people express their thoughts by means of stories.
Many people express very strong views on the subject.
Many people exult at the explosion of bombs.
Many people face a legal barrier to paying the uttermost farthing.
Many people face a position that is paradoxical.
Many people face death in unnecessary pain.
Many people face discouragement in life and are unsure where to turn for help.
Many people face economic hardship even as they seek to minister to needy neighbors.
Many people face financial crises and get through it.
Many people face financial crises at some time in their lives.
Many people face financial debt at some.
Many people face financial troubles at some time in their lives.
Many people face locked doors in their lives even in prosperous Johnson County.
Many people face overwhelming money concerns.
Many people face parole revocations.
Many people face particular toxic loads because of the work they do.
Many people face the challenge of saving for college and saving for retirement at the same time.
Many people face the confusing proposition of choosing health insurance.
Many people face the new millennium with fear and anxiety.
Many people facing a serious illness have difficulty expressing their fears and emotions.
Many people fail before they even begin because they fail to ask for what they want.
Many people fail in life because they give up easily.
Many people fail in their fat loss or muscle gain goals because of improper diet.
Many people fail in their fitness efforts because they set unrealistic goals.
Many people fail to breathe properly while exercising.
Many people fail to complete many things because of that kind of fatigue and discouragement.
Many people fail to distinguish between the two types of estimates.
Many people fail to drink enough of it.
Many people fail to find their sites in worthy positioning and constantly rework and resubmit.
Many people fail to live the abundant Christian life because of drivenness and over work.
Many people fail to make the best use of such help.
Many people fail to plan adequately for a lifetime disability.
Many people fail to proofread their documents.
Many people fail to reach their ideal weight because their diet and body needs are out of balance.
Many people fail to realize how much aid is really available, just for the asking.
Many people fail to realize just how much of an influence education has on their lives today.
Many people fail to realize that every transition begins with an ending.
Many people fail to realize the power of music when it comes to seducing women.
Many people fail to recognize the dangers of traveling or playing in the back of a pickup truck.
Many people fail to report it, even to their own physician.
Many people fail to think creatively because it involves intellectual risk-taking and mental play.
Many people fail to truly read the Bible for themselves, to take the time to see what it is saying.
Many people fail to understand that bookstores exist to make a profit.
Many people fail to understand the incarnation and the broad scope of redemption.
Many people fail to update their subject line and so mislead the receiver.
Many people fail with any affiliate program because of one simple thing.
Many people fall and injure themselves after drinking too much.
Many people fall asleep and begin to release fear,tension and stress.
Many people fall asleep and feel great afterwards.
Many people fall back on beer for Indian, Japanese, or Thai food.
Many people fall behind from time to time in their reading.
Many people fall down because they can t exit the pedal fast enough.
Many people fall for it.
Many people fall here.
Many people fall in love with one of our standard models.
Many people fall into grad school out of default.
Many people fall into imbalance and disharmony.
Many people fall into more than one protected category.
Many people fall into overexercising due to good intentions but poor information.
Many people fall into that categorie.
Many people fall into the doldrums in the winter months.
Many people fall into the trap of doing a lot of work without ever getting anything done.
Many people fall into the trap of going overboard in keeping E-mail short.
Many people fall into the trap of trying to do too many things perfectly.
Many people fall into the trap of using the same password for all situations.
Many people fall prey to a common misconception and seek shelter from a storm under a tree.
Many people fall prey to such delusions at election time.
Many people fall unto the trap of spending most of their time on less important tasks.
Many people fall when drunk.
Many people fall while bending over in the shower chasing down a loose bar of soap.
Many people fall, collapse, yield.
Many people fall, in real or apparent ways, and live with the consequences every day.
Many people fall.
Many people falsely assume graffiti represents thoughtless vandalism.
Many people falsely assume that germline gene therapy already is being done with regularity.
Many people falsely believe that bad breath is due to a lack of oral hygiene.
Many people fantasize at one time or another about going into business and being their own boss.
Many people farm or fish part time to supplement income from regular jobs.
Many people fast monthly, others every change of season.
Many people favor giving lots of power to the federal government and less to the states.
Many people favor the South Shore because it offers the most opportunities for recreation.
Many people fear a bat getting trapped in their hair, which is considered to now be a myth.
Many people fear a painful death.
Many people fear and hate wolves.
Many people fear cancer and with good reason.
Many people fear casual contact, such as embracing, sharing food, etc.
Many people fear change and spend their lives trying to avoid it.
Many people fear change but it always happens.
Many people fear computer software or hardware malfunction.
Many people fear contagious diseases.
Many people fear discrimination if they disclose their epilepsy.
Many people fear dying in pain almost more than death itself.
Many people fear even for their own lives.
Many people fear extinction or upheaval from social, economic, or nuclear reasons.
Many people fear flying.
Many people fear for their jobs.
Many people fear for their lives on a daily basis.
Many people fear getting tested.
Many people fear hurting someone else s feelings if they share angry feelings.
Many people fear insect stings, often believing themselves to be dangerously allergic.
Many people fear living together, and for some, it ends a relationship.
Many people fear market declines.
Many people fear moving to a nursing home.
Many people fear or dislike spiders, but in fact they are one of our most useful allies.
Many people fear or distrust the mentally ill.
Many people fear pain more then anything.
Many people fear passion but basically for two opposing reasons.
Many people fear picnics can take the chill out of their favorite slaw.
Many people fear predators, especially big cats such as the lion, cheetah, and leopard.
Many people fear pregnancy as a result of physical intimacy.
Many people fear social interaction of almost any kind.
Many people fear spiders, but actually the majority of spiders are too small to bite humans.
Many people fear surfing because they fear the water and surf.
Many people fear that in using Linux, they lose their favorite applications.
Many people fear that making a claim means going to court.
Many people fear that the answer to both questions is, most likely, the rich and powerful.
Many people fear that the rebel leadership is being rewarded for atrocities.
Many people fear that they are exposed to harmful doses of radiation when they use a computer.
Many people fear the criminal justice process.
Many people fear the diagnosis of autism or other developmental disorders.
Many people fear the ethical consequences of human cloning.
Many people fear the future.
Many people fear the hospital and the memories it brings back are of traumatic experiences.
Many people fear the move from their own home to a nursing home.
Many people fear the outburst of violence on a much larger scale.
Many people fear the possibility of an audit.
Many people fear the prospect of aging, believing it a panther.
Many people fear the unknown which accompanies a transition into the new millennium.
Many people fear the unknown.
Many people fear their privacy is endangered.
Many people fear they are dying, having a heart attack or going insane or losing control.
Many people fear they'll be labeled crazy or emotionally weak if they go for help.
Many people fear waking up during the surgery.
Many people fear wolves and think they are a threat to humans.
Many people feed birds in the fall and winter then stop.
Many people feed birds year-round.
Many people feed waterfowl for the pleasure of birdwatching.
Many people feed year round, as the game ranches do.
Many people feel a bit claustrophobic in dense forests.
Many people feel a brief stinging sensation, like a pinprick, during insertion of the needles.
Many people feel a dramatic improvement in mood within three to four days.
Many people feel a heart felt desire to help people who are hurting.
Many people feel a physical sense of loss, and even physical pain.
Many people feel a pleasant sensation of warmth or gentle tingling in the treated area.
Many people feel a sense of duty or guilt to care for a parent or other family member at home.
Many people feel a sense of loss and grief when they lose a body part.
Many people feel a sense of panic when they are told they have cancer.
Many people feel a sense of power and self knowledge in naming themselves.
Many people feel a social pressure to conform to the lifestyle of the two-income family.
Many people feel a veterinarian who is also a horse person is best.
Many people feel a vibration, most soon feel an impulse to move, to utter sounds or to sing.
Many people feel a wonderful glowing radiance, a sense of peace and deep relaxation.
Many people feel administrators have too much power.
Many people feel adopted horses make great companion horses.
Many people feel an unexpected loss of recognition when they finally leave the workplace.
Many people feel anger, loneliness, guilt, confusion and fear after a loved one dies.
Many people feel anonymous on the Internet.
Many people feel anxious about meeting with a therapist for their first appointment.
Many people feel anxious about reading and signing documents and communicating with physicians.
Many people feel anxious and often scared about having surgery.
Many people feel anxious in public situations.
Many people feel as if they are losing their mind.
Many people feel as if they have little energy.
Many people feel as though they want to stop living their own lives, and that they can t go on.
Many people feel ashamed about seeking treatment.
Many people feel ashamed or humiliated as a result of the harassment.
Many people feel awkward and at a loss in knowing what to say to mourners.
Many people feel awkward approaching a guest.
Many people feel awkward with the concept of networking.
Many people feel bad getting caught up in lies, and find it a relief to finally be honest.
Many people feel bad when their behavior is bad.
Many people feel bad when they have to use the brakes.
Many people feel better after cutting back on fat, alcohol, and caffeine.
Many people feel better with fewer activities.
Many people feel biometrics is invasive.
Many people feel blue due to stress or tension.
Many people feel comfortable managing their investments without assistance.
Many people feel compelled to offer excuses for why they left former jobs.
Many people feel constrained by the role they are required to perform in.
Many people feel crushed and remain depressed for a long time.
Many people feel dancing is playing around.
Many people feel dating means being together forever.
Many people feel depressed after the loss of a pet.
Many people feel depressed and rundown during the dark days of winter.
Many people feel depressed, bewildered and anxious - all of which is perfectly natural.
Many people feel devastated.
Many people feel disappointed or even angry that they can t do the things they used to do.
Many people feel disconnected from their community for a number of reasons.
Many people feel discouraged, even angry.
Many people feel elation at points in the coming out process.
Many people feel embarrassed about the appearance of their mouth.
Many people feel embarrassed or isolated after they are diagnosed.
Many people feel embarrassed, helpless, or angry.
Many people feel emotionally and physically drained for some time afterwards.
Many people feel emotionally overwhelmed.
Many people feel extreme pressure, as if someone piled a load of bricks on their midsection.
Many people feel fearful, anxious, angry, or depressed at some point during their chemotherapy.
Many people feel fearful, worried, angry, or depressed at some point during their chemotherapy.
Many people feel fearful, worried, angry, or depressed at some point during their radiation therapy.
Many people feel frightened to use nasal sprays that have steroids.
Many people feel frustrated and powerless when dealing with large financial institutions.
Many people feel guilt, shame, and remorse when they feel anger.
Many people feel guilty after a sexual assault, but sexual assault is never the victim's fault.
Many people feel harassed or highly uncomfortable when they receive email messages from strangers.
Many people feel helpless and immensely fearful.
Many people feel helpless when they are first told they have cancer.
Many people feel helpness when they are first told they have cancer.
Many people feel indifferent about dogs, horses or caged birds.
Many people feel intimidated by counselors.
Many people feel intimidated by doctors.
Many people feel intimidated by taxes.
Many people feel intimidated when it comes to troubleshooting a server.
Many people feel isolated.
Many people feel it adds a warmth to the sound of a silver instrument that is highly desirable.
Many people feel it improves the appearance of the tube while in operation.
Many people feel it is cruel to crate a puppy or a dog.
Many people feel it is impolite to hang up on callers.
Many people feel it is rude to refuse a request.
Many people feel it is their duty to worry.
Many people feel it is their responsibility to report such crimes, which is all right.
Many people feel it is time for people to re-assess their values.
Many people feel it was a more charming way to interact.
Many people feel itching or burning sensations with certain brands of cream, foam, or jelly.
Many people feel it's because of a softening, more permissive attitude.
Many people feel it's important to be a virgin until marriage.
Many people feel less energetic and gain weight in the winter.
Many people feel like intruders when the owners are there and tend to hurry.
Many people feel like orphaned children in a scary world.
Many people feel like that, but they go job hunting while they still have a paycheck coming in.
Many people feel lost after the death of a mother or father.
Many people feel lost when facing a crossroad in their lives.
Many people feel lost, especially in adolescence, which is all a part of growing up.
Many people feel mildly depressed during the winter.
Many people feel more at home and less self-conscious in a group than when alone with a therapist.
Many people feel more comfortable expressing themselves through writing.
Many people feel more comfortable in a committed relationship.
Many people feel more comfortable initially seeking information in a group setting.
Many people feel more comfortable when they know what to expect.
Many people feel more comfortable with a small folded towel in the small of their back.
Many people feel more comfortable with a tour.
Many people feel more confident about themselves when they are in a relationship.
Many people feel more connected to their animals than their own family.
Many people feel more secure discussing their case with an attorney when they receive the denial.
Many people feel more uncomfortable with feelings of intense pleasure and bliss.
Many people feel much better after initiating treatment.
Many people feel nature is immutable.
Many people feel negatively about masturbation.
Many people feel nervous or out of control of their emotions.
Many people feel nervous when they have to appear in Court as a witness.
Many people feel networking is pushy, so they avoid it.
Many people feel obligated to respond to police questioning.
Many people feel oppressed by time.
Many people feel out of control of their own lives, and want to be heard.
Many people feel overlooked and left out.
Many people feel overwhelmed at first, but as they learn it step by step, they get quicker at it.
Many people feel overwhelmed by economic realities today.
Many people feel overwhelmed when told they have a diagnosis of skin cancer.
Many people feel overwhelmed with the amount of material covered as a white belt.
Many people feel overwhelmed.
Many people feel panicked or depressed when they first learn that they have genital herpes.
Many people feel passionate about the misuse of standardized testing in our schools.
Many people feel placing such data in a public forum is both cruel and embarrassing.
Many people feel profoundly calm after praying.
Many people feel relief at having an answer and disbelief that the answer is accurate.
Many people feel reluctant to admit ignorance.
Many people feel rushed in a booming market.
Many people feel scared when learning to skate backward.
Many people feel secure ordering online with credit cards.
Many people feel self conscious wearing glasses.
Many people feel self-conscious about the shape or appearance of their ears.
Many people feel selfish or guilty for taking time out for themselves.
Many people feel shame for no reason other than the misplaced opinion of others.
Many people feel shy about buying the book in a bookstore.
Many people feel sicker inside their home than they do outside.
Many people feel slower powders give tighter core densities.
Many people feel some anxiety when visiting an attorney for the first time.
Many people feel substantial relief in just weeks or months.
Many people feel terribly wounded, or even broken.
Many people feel that a dog is better running 'free' than caged and possibly killed at the 'pound'.
Many people feel that a person comes to know themselves through introspection.
Many people feel that ad impressions are valuable in and of themselves for building brand awareness.
Many people feel that admitting they are depressed is a sign of weakness.
Many people feel that adverse reactions to marihuana are relatively uncommon.
Many people feel that alternative remedies are harmless.
Many people feel that an infinite sentence for a finite crime is fundamentally unjust.
Many people feel that an overweight dog is a happy dog.
Many people feel that any chlorine at all in their water is very BAD as it is a poison.
Many people feel that arbitration is less costly than litigation and in many cases that is true.
Many people feel that as they grow older, time seems to speed up.
Many people feel that atheism is simply the absence of theism.
Many people feel that being the youngest child in a family is a sure way to obtain spoiledness.
Many people feel that boldly marching past such a person is the best way.
Many people feel that bottled water is the safe approach to take.
Many people feel that cage training is best.
Many people feel that censorship is a violation of Freedom of Speech.
Many people feel that creation science is only an attempt to side step the religious issue.
Many people feel that credit cards and the debt they lead people into is a modern form of slavery.
Many people feel that disaster assistance is one of the best uses of their tax dollars.
Many people feel that discussing money destroys romance.
Many people feel that distance education offers the ability to increase learning productivity.
Many people feel that dolphins are here to assist humanity evolve.
Many people feel that equal rights for women also means equal responsibilities.
Many people feel that estate planning is an unpleasant and morbid subject.
Many people feel that even their small insurance co-pay is too much.
Many people feel that following a budget inhibits their freedom of choice.
Many people feel that graphs help make a clearer picture of the data.
Many people feel that having a distro specifically for scientific users in general is appropriate.
Many people feel that herbal medicines are non-toxic.
Many people feel that herbs are safer than traditional medicines because they're more natural.
Many people feel that HTML is more difficult to use compared to Web composer.
Many people feel that if a phone rings they are required to answer it.
Many people feel that if employees are talking then communication is occurring.
Many people feel that if the food is low fat, they can eat as much of it as they want.
Many people feel that important new inventions going forward are going to be done in software.
Many people feel that is a safe stopping point on the way to a gay or lesbian identity.
Many people feel that it does.
Many people feel that it has gone on too long.
Many people feel that it is an inconsistent spelling, a holdover.
Many people feel that it is best to mix a male and a female to avoid same sex conflicts.
Many people feel that it is best to unload every four hours or so.
Many people feel that it is dangerous to exercise after a certain age.
Many people feel that it is rude to refuse a request.
Many people feel that it's healthy to eat a muffin for breakfast, but most muffins are high in fat.
Many people feel that it's impolite to hang up on callers.
Many people feel that it's time to revisit that decision, but the requirements are still in place.
Many people feel that Jewish people are immune to wife abuse.
Many people feel that leaving their dog in the yard allows the dog to get exercise.
Many people feel that line was crossed with a vengeance in the Elian affair, and they are right.
Many people feel that looking for a job is much harder work than having a job.
Many people feel that management was incompetent.
Many people feel that mental health remains a second class cousin within the health care system.
Many people feel that moving is a good excuse for giving up a dog.
Many people feel that on-site cold storage is too expensive.
Many people feel that our water is too cold.
Many people feel that paying money for a product confers an aura of legitimacy on it.
Many people feel that penguins are the most interesting bird on the planet.
Many people feel that prayers and good wishes can somehow have beneficial effects.
Many people feel that psychic powers are stimulated or heighten by the use of pyramids.
Many people feel that pumps are better for everyone who uses insulin.
Many people feel that self-employment is the way to do it.
Many people feel that sending passwords over the Internet as plaintext is no big deal.
Many people feel that setting up a filing system is a complicated and time consuming chore.
Many people feel that some videos display immoral sexual content.
Many people feel that stock prices are in part determined by dividends paid.
Many people feel that talking about sexual health can be awkward or embarrassing.
Many people feel that technology has alienated humans from the natural world.
Many people feel that the ability to be funny is a natural skill.
Many people feel that the best fruit in the world is grown here in northwestern Michigan.
Many people feel that the best thing government can do to promote e-commerce is to let it be.
Many people feel that the best time to go is in the winter which is the dry season.
Many people feel that the church is irrelevant today.
Many people feel that the government spends taxpayers' money in a heedless manner.
Many people feel that the holiday season has become too commercialized.
Many people feel that the Maine woods are their most spectacular and beautiful in the winter.
Many people feel that the passivity of the Internet alienates people from the 'real world'.
Many people feel that the plethora of changes is designed to keep taxonomists employed.
Many people feel that the priorities in our society are failing.
Many people feel that the rainy season is the best time of the whole year.
Many people feel that the refereeing process in the astronomical journals needs some improvement.
Many people feel that the rigid walker imposes a slow pace and an artificial walking style.
Many people feel that the skin needs oil, but actually insufficient water is the problem.
Many people feel that the traditional rituals around death are somehow morbid.
Many people feel that the use of too much energy is the major problem facing the world.
Many people feel that the vouchers are issued for too short a term.
Many people feel that the Web is full of filthy material.
Many people feel that their inner feelings are none of an employer's business.
Many people feel that there is too much violence in hockey.
Many people feel that they have a calling in life to do something.
Many people feel that they have been tricked by buying inferior dogs or problem dogs.
Many people feel that they have no choice but to take a drink to fall asleep at night.
Many people feel that they have too much stress in their lives.
Many people feel that they know how to give their pet's vaccines.
Many people feel that they pass too much gas.
Many people feel that they save personal time by using the Internet.
Many people feel that they want to do more to help protect the environment.
Many people feel that to allow elephants to die of malnutrition is cruel and inhumane.
Many people feel that way in our time.
Many people feel that way.
Many people feel that weddings tend to break the bank.
Many people feel that winter is one long, miserable cold.
Many people feel that wolfdogs have more in common with mutts than mutts do with purebreds.
Many people feel that working out takes up a lot of time.
Many people feel the battle over the Florida vote has begun to resemble a three-ring circus.
Many people feel the current stock market is over valued.
Many people feel the effects immediately.
Many people feel the First Amendment protects all forms of speech.
Many people feel the gram is too small and the kilogram is too large.
Many people feel the guilt first.
Many people feel the long, deep valley resembles a hog trough.
Many people feel the merit process represents the best of both worlds.
Many people feel the military has no business in space.
Many people feel the only important ones are the incoming hit trackers - they're dead wrong.
Many people feel the preparation for the retired life becoming heavy burden.
Many people feel the price is high for a 'mere deodorant'.
Many people feel the relationship between humans and dogs is symbiotic.
Many people feel the same way.
Many people feel the traditional advantages of working for a large employer are gone.
Many people feel the tube vibrating as well.
Many people feel their life is over when they first discover they have herpes.
Many people feel their prayers go unanswered.
Many people feel their self-esteem has been shaped by circumstances beyond their control.
Many people feel there's a curse on their life and they want it removed.
Many people feel they acqure a very desirable sound.
Many people feel they are going short.
Many people feel they are like dogs in their attachment to their family.
Many people feel they are living through unusual times.
Many people feel they are nothing and in order to escape from the reality they hide from it.
Many people feel they are too stiff or too tired to exercise.
Many people feel they are worthy because of the things they have accomplished in life.
Many people feel they can get away with acting out anger in the anonymity of their car.
Many people feel they can ignore the past, yet feel something is lacking from their lives.
Many people feel they can out-smart the bears by taking their feeders in at night.
Many people feel they have been conned and let down by New Labour.
Many people feel they have nothing to hide, and are eager to have their stories made public.
Many people feel they have to find the perfect name for their site.
Many people feel they have to go overseas to be in mission.
Many people feel they have to make several trips to our site just to take it all in.
Many people feel they have to put a lot of money away in order for saving to be beneficial.
Many people feel they have to sit at their desks to sort it all out.
Many people feel they have to stay in the relationship or that they are trapped.
Many people feel they lack control in the job search process.
Many people feel they lack the information needed to make wise financial planning decisions.
Many people feel they look better in contact lenses.
Many people feel they look better without the presence of eyeglass frames on their face.
Many people feel they receive too much e-mail.
Many people feel thirsty after a massage.
Many people feel threatened by an enlightened spirit.
Many people feel threatened by change and are concerned about the costs.
Many people feel threatened or hostile when they hear about certain gender issues.
Many people feel tired or fatigued.
Many people feel totally exhausted at the end of their working day.
Many people feel trapped in their current jobs.
Many people feel unable simply to eat or attend a movie alone.
Many people feel unable to accept a sticker or be seen reading a poster.
Many people feel unable to write.
Many people feel uncertain about which occupation to choose.
Many people feel uncomfortable about experiments involving the 'higher' animals like chimpanzees.
Many people feel uncomfortable about the nature of change.
Many people feel uncomfortable around individuals with disabilities.
Many people feel uncomfortable asking for the repayment of their money.
Many people feel uncomfortable at parties.
Many people feel uncomfortable at the thought of networking.
Many people feel uncomfortable dealing with controversial issues.
Many people feel uncomfortable dealing with people who have disabilities.
Many people feel uncomfortable discussing salary or benefits.
Many people feel uncomfortable talking about sex and sexual issues.
Many people feel uncomfortable talking to a person who stutters.
Many people feel uncomfortable with the shoe companies giving amateurs equipment.
Many people feel uneasy about buying goods and services via the Internet.
Many people feel unhappy with their current career or uncertain about which career to pursue.
Many people feel unsure about what type of camera and what type of film to use.
Many people feel very alone when someone they love dies.
Many people feel woried about buying products online.
Many people feel, though, that the local ISPs provide better and less expensive service.
Many people fertilize their lawn too much, too often.
Many people fervently believe that once saved, they can never lose their salvation.
Many people fight even for a trivial matter.
Many people file e-mail by subject.
Many people file for divorce before trying counseling - or other programs that can repair marriages.
Many people file their tax returns late.
Many people fill the box for the whole week.
Many people fill their days with swimming, deep-sea fishing, scuba diving, or biking.
Many people find a combination of drug therapy and alternative methods achieve the best results.
Many people find a combination of the two choices can achieve the best results.
Many people find a computer and the Internet a bit daunting to operate.
Many people find a cup of hot chocolate soothes their stomachs after meals.
Many people find a fresh clearcut a disturbing sight.
Many people find a general-interest search site they like and stick with it.
Many people find a great deal of enjoyment in playing.
Many people find a low monitor to be more comfortable for the eyes and neck.
Many people find a physics background useful, but have their sights on a career in another field.
Many people find a relaxation technique helpful when they are lying down.
Many people find a sanctuary by creating a ritual with which to celebrate the deceased's birthday.
Many people find acupuncture useful in relieving intractable pain and other health conditions.
Many people find advertisements annoying and wish they'd go away.
Many people find all kinds of dogs in all kinds of ways.
Many people find an inner-spring mattress atop a box spring most comfortable.
Many people find an online relationship to be more convenient.
Many people find an outdoor setting is ideal for relaxation.
Many people find an outlet for expressing and satisfying their sexual needs through masturbation.
Many people find an SWR class to be their coldest paddling experience.
Many people find answers to their questions by talking with friends or pastors.
Many people find applying for disabily benefits to be a horrible and stressful experience .
Many people find aquatic plants interesting and attractive.
Many people find background muisic to be annoying.
Many people find banners annoying.
Many people find baseball type caps easy to wear.
Many people find benefit in speaking with other survivors.
Many people find calipers to be uncomfortable and invasive.
Many people find campaign advertising misleading, offensive and objectionable.
Many people find camping to be very romantic.
Many people find cell phones an invasion of their personal space.
Many people find certain types of music very relaxing.
Many people find chemistry difficult.
Many people find chewing more difficult.
Many people find chocolate irresistible.
Many people find comfort in hard times by seeking something larger than themselves.
Many people find comfort in nature during stressful times.
Many people find comfort in the feminine and masculine gender scripts dictated by social norms.
Many people find computers difficult to understand and unfriendly.
Many people find copper helpful for their arthritis.
Many people find cross-eyed viewing easier to master than parallel.
Many people find deep sky observing to be very frustrating, disappointing, or both.
Many people find diet to be very helpful.
Many people find dimension variables confusing and cumbersome to use.
Many people find dog shows captivating even if they never plan to have a show dog.
Many people find donating money an easy alternative to committing time.
Many people find Douglas County to be the perfect place to retire.
Many people find eating out in the South of France rather expensive.
Many people find election ballots hard to understand.
Many people find e-mail to be the most useful use of online technology.
Many people find engaging in negotiations to be very hot preliminaries before play.
Many people find escorting to be an empowering experience.
Many people find exercising gently and getting more rest makes a good beginning.
Many people find exhibitionism to be arousing.
Many people find exposure to the sunlight enjoyable and relaxing.
Many people find extremely loud music to be pleasing.
Many people find family involvement and support helpful in managing their diabetes.
Many people find fish and other underwater creatures strange, as well as interesting.
Many people find flag burning distasteful.
Many people find gardens relaxing especially if the garden is full flowers with strong scents .
Many people find gardens relaxing especially if the garden is full flowers with strong scents.
Many people find ginger tea a refreshing drink for during the day.
Many people find global aliasing useful if they want to trap all mail coming to their domain.
Many people find goat's milk cheeses barnyardy, particularly aged ones.
Many people find grape seed extract helps improve the tone of their skin.
Many people find great satisfaction in making a gift in memory of a friend or loved one.
Many people find great value in being part of a group led by an experienced professional.
Many people find hand raising kittens rewarding.
Many people find hand reachers a great help when dressing.
Many people find happiness and even adventure in their later years.
Many people find happiness in the fourth or fifth marriages.
Many people find horses through newspaper and magazine advertisements.
Many people find incontinence disabling and a source of major distress in their lives.
Many people find independent study to be a valuable form of continuing education.
Many people find inner calm and peace through sincere religious beliefs.
Many people find inspiration here through the experience of being so close to the natural world.
Many people find internships simply by word of mouth.
Many people find it a great blend of the old and the new.
Many people find it a great comfort.
Many people find it a much better solution than going public or finding venture capital.
Many people find it annoying that happiness fades away as soon as the value is produced.
Many people find it annoying when a user types entirely in capitals.
Many people find it annoying.
Many people find it attractive to make a gift of stock.
Many people find it best to keep both eyes open, since squinting strains the working eye.
Many people find it comfortable to support their wrists with a wrist rest .
Many people find it comforting to know that others are having the same problems.
Many people find it comforting to talk to others who share similar problems.
Many people find it convenient to picture a newsgroup as a bulletin board.
Many people find it difficult to adhere to such a long course of treatment.
Many people find it difficult to ask questions in a large group.
Many people find it difficult to believe that dying to self is to gain complete freedom for living.
Many people find it difficult to consider even the possibility of witnessing a sudden death.
Many people find it difficult to distinguish advocacy from lobbying.
Many people find it difficult to estimate the altitude of an object on the sky.
Many people find it difficult to evaluate an institution's information technology resources.
Many people find it difficult to examine their own beliefs.
Many people find it difficult to execute the wide arm movements required to use a mouse.
Many people find it difficult to fast while working a full time job.
Many people find it difficult to go door to door .
Many People find it difficult to intervene when they observe a person sexually harassing another.
Many people find it difficult to keep up with the pace and demand for new skills.
Many people find it difficult to keep up with the rigorous dosing requirements.
Many people find it difficult to keep up with, and track of, their on-line correspondence.
Many people find it difficult to know what the variations in the brooches are.
Many people find it difficult to make a single large tax payment that becomes due once a year.
Many people find it difficult to recognize that depression is a physical condition.
Many people find it difficult to relax physically and mentally without making a definite effort.
Many people find it difficult to save such a large amount of cash.
Many people find it difficult to store their bikes safely.
Many people find it difficult to understand why men batter.
Many people find it difficult to use a tub.
Many people find it difficult to write objectives.
Many people find it easier to always name web files in lower case.
Many people find it easier to choose from a smaller selection of animals.
Many people find it easier to compose on the computer.
Many people find it easier to cover the plants for the dark cycle to prevent any light getting in.
Many people find it easier to discuss embarrassing situations over the phone than in person.
Many people find it easier to learn, or simply prefer to learn, from live human beings.
Many people find it easier to read Web pages without graphics, style, layout or tables.
Many people find it easier to remember things by making associations.
Many people find it easier to start with a narrow topic and broaden it later.
Many people find it easier to visually interpret transformed data.
Many people find it easy to maintain.
Many people find it especially challenging when they don t prepare meals at home.
Many people find it exhilarating to be involved in activities that make a difference.
Many people find it extremely annoying.
Many people find it extremely boring to be in a game with a foregone conclusion.
Many people find it extremely difficult to release their emotions.
Many people find it extremely embarrassing and painful to publicly acknowledge their own hypocrisy.
Many people find it extremely useful in creating logos and other graphics for web pages.
Many people find it extremely useful in creating logos and other graphics for Web pages.
Many people find it far easier to do the psychic explorations when guided.
Many people find it hard to accept the facts about weight control.
Many people find it hard to admit when alcohol is a problem.
Many people find it hard to believe they are having a heart attack.
Many people find it hard to believe, but becoming a millionaire is fairly easy.
Many people find it hard to cope.
Many people find it hard to start an exercise program and even harder to stick to one.
Many people find it hard to talk under pressure.
Many people find it hard to time regular insulin injections and mealtimes.
Many people find it hard to work in the presence of loud conversations.
Many people find it harder to accept their strengths than to claim their weaknesses.
Many people find it helpful and supportive to sit with a group of other meditators.
Many people find it helpful for headaches and respiratory problems such as emphysema and asthma.
Many people find it helpful to begin with an outline.
Many people find it helpful to make a list of questions before they see the doctor.
Many people find it helpful to make a list of their questions before they see the doctor.
Many people find it helpful to plan a tentative schedule ahead of time.
Many people find it helpful to prepare a list of things they wish to discuss at each session.
Many people find it helpful to read a book or watch a video.
Many people find it helpful to read and learn more about the management of depression.
Many people find it helpful to see a counselor or therapist while they are grieving.
Many people find it helpful to see where they are in cyberspace.
Many people find it helpful to seek our trusted friends to share the grief.
Many people find it helpful to set their own deadlines for their work.
Many people find it helpful to set up a separate account for each goal.
Many people find it helpful to sit at a table or desk.
Many people find it helpful to sort mail by who it's from, or by the type of message it is.
Many people find it helpful to speak to other people in their situation.
Many people find it helpful to speak with others who have experienced a similar situation.
Many people find it helpful to take part in support groups for people with similar concerns.
Many people find it helpful to take some regular exercise.
Many people find it helpful to talk about their family experiences with a therapist.
Many people find it helpful to talk to their family physician or religious leader.
Many people find it helpful to write the questions and answers down to be reviewed later.
Many people find it helpful unwind by sharing the day's events with their loved ones.
Many people find it increasingly hard to balance work with family commitments.
Many people find it is a great tool for understanding what and how they think.
Many people find it is somewhat difficult to separate their hands after the suggestion is given.
Many people find it more appetizing to prepare each item separately.
Many people find it more complicated to hook up then just the regular modem.
Many people find it more convenient to use a device called a card reader.
Many people find it more convenient to use the mail service to obtain their prescriptions.
Many people find it more economical to buy a second hand car.
Many people find it most comfortable to explore new ideas with others.
Many people find it much easier and quite affordable to dine out.
Many people find it much easier to be more aggressive with email other forms of communication.
Many people find it necessary to describe the structure of the talk.
Many people find it necessary to live in bigger cities because that is where the jobs are.
Many people find it next to impossible to get on a regimen and stick with it.
Many people find it quite difficult, at first, to save Web pages onto their own computers.
Many people find it reassuring and more comfortable to see the same physician for their health care.
Many people find it relaxing to scream.
Many people find it remarkable that maps have survived for over three or four hundred years.
Many people find it slows down or stops altogether.
Many people find it surprising to find the Koala also lives in low woodlands and coastal islands.
Many people find it takes more than one try.
Many people find it to be a fun sport and that it is an outlet for anger and aggression.
Many people find it to be a rewarding family activity.
Many people find it to be good enough to use exclusively, and they never leave it.
Many people find it to provide great eating.
Many people find it too expensive for high energy purposes.
Many people find it tremendously helpful in staying clean and sober.
Many people find it uncomfortable.
Many people find it upsets their stomachs anyway.
Many people find it useful as a natural sleeping aid.
Many people find it useful to add their own thoughts to a formal advance directive.
Many people find it useful to collect relevant information in one master file.
Many people find it useful to keep a journal of symptoms and triggers.
Many people find it useful to underline key points in the passage and in each question.
Many people find it valuable to take brief notes while they are reading.
Many people find it very convenient to live in one area and commute to another.
Many people find it very difficult to fast while working a full time job.
Many people find it very difficult to take.
Many people find it very difficult to talk about their sexual health.
Many people find it very easy to meet people on the Internet.
Many people find it very frustrating to type more than a few words on-line at one time.
Many people find it very hard to deal with the federal government.
Many people find it very helpful to talk with a therapist online.
Many people find it very inconvenient to travel to Moscow for a test.
Many people find it very sensual.
Many people find it wise to keep some traveler s checks aside for use in an emergency.
Many people find it worthwhile though.
Many people find it's easier to join an exercise class.
Many people find Japanese embroidery to be a peaceful, meditative, and centering experience.
Many people find jobs through networking.
Many people find jobs through unique and individual means.
Many people find jurisdictional inspection codes and requirements confusing.
Many people find keeping a journal helpful.
Many people find kissing to be the fundamental act of foreplay.
Many people find landscaping and gardening to be important parts of a healthy lifestyle.
Many people find laws hard to understand, and gathering all the relevant ones is a lot of work.
Many people find leasing cost-effective.
Many people find Let's Go to be a bit large and confusing.
Many people find lids heavy and awkward to hold while they place materials inside the bin.
Many people find life insurance sales the perfect fit to meet their personal and financial goals.
Many people find lifelong changes in diet and activity difficult to manage.
Many people find light text on a dark background very difficult to read.
Many people find light uncomfortable outdoors, or even inside on a bright day.
Many people find listening to music very helpful.
Many people find local government finance difficult to understand.
Many people find long rides on upright bikes to be uncomfortable.
Many people find Mandrake easier to install than most distributions.
Many people find massage a pleasant way to relax and relieve muscle tension.
Many people find mediation a more comfortable and constructive process than a trial.
Many people find memorizing dates very tedious.
Many people find model railroading to be an enjoyable hobby.
Many people find models helpful in praying.
Many people find moving a hassle.
Many people find narrative to be more pleasant than raw data or symbolic representations.
Many people find navigation within a framed site confusing.
Many people find new opportunities through people they have met in the past.
Many people find OLE DB confusing.
Many people find online shopping to be faster and more convenient than going to the store.
Many people find oral medicines the most convenient to take, as well as the most portable.
Many people find our FAQ page very helpful when getting started.
Many people find our rings an excellent value also.
Many people find our site after running a search on a particular topic.
Many people find out only when there's a problem.'' Many diseases have a hereditary component.
Many people find out that good health is most important only when they became sick.
Many people find personal-finance software to be quite helpful.
Many people find physics difficult.
Many people find pleasure in viewing pigeons.
Many people find plugins preferable to stand-alones or helpers.
Many people find poisonous and venomous animals ''cool'' and enthralling.
Many people find psychological withdrawal much harder to cope with than physical withdrawal.
Many people find quartz crystals to be the perfect partner for a journey to source.
Many people find reading from a computer screen harder than reading from a printed page.
Many people find receiving messages in all upper case to be extremely annoying.
Many people find redworms are an ideal way to compost during the winter.
Many people find reenacting to be addictive.
Many people find relaxation is invaluable when it comes to coping with their tinnitus.
Many people find relaxing music, dim lights, and fresh air helpful.
Many people find relevant Web pages by jumping from site to site until they locate what they want.
Many people find relief and correction with chiropractic care.
Many people find relief in different ways, others become accustomed to it.
Many people find relief lying in a dark room with ice on the back of the neck during an attack.
Many people find relief of their symptoms immediately after the exposure stops.
Many people find relief simply by changing their environment.
Many people find reporters more worthy of censure than auto mechanics.
Many people find reporters more worthy of complaint than auto mechanics.
Many people find routes to work that are quiet and pleasant.
Many people find satisfying careers in a variety of positions after the bachelor's degree.
Many people find self-help tapes are more effective when used along with a light and sound machine.
Many people find 'service to others' in pro bono legal work.
Many people find setting a goal ensures success.
Many people find sex and disease very difficult to talk about.
Many people find shady borders to be problematical to plant.
Many people find shiatsu relaxing and re-energising, and gain help with pain and other symptoms.
Many people find soft, loose cotton socks or things like loose, padded slippers to be helpful.
Many people find solace in crying, talking, and writing about their aunt.
Many people find solace in seeking out other grievers or trusted friends.
Many people find speaking to others who have been through a similar situation to be a great comfort.
Many people find spirituality through religion.
Many people find statistics difficult.
Many people find strength in religious, ethical, cultural, and philosophical traditions.
Many people find strength in their personal search for spirituality.
Many people find such an emotional state difficult to bear.
Many people find such loans an ideal way to consolidate debt or make a large purchase .
Many people find that a former employer is their first client.
Many people find that a journal is tough to get started.
Many people find that a telltale placed on the top batten is helpful for trimming the main.
Many people find that adding a fiber supplement is easier than making overall changes in their diet.
Many people find that additional tests help.
Many people find that alcohol makes it easier to socialize and enjoy themselves around others.
Many people find that an incremental backup run at the end of each day works quite well.
Many people find that analytical and critical thinking serves their purpose.
Many people find that applying heat before exercise and ice afterward keeps discomfort to a minimum.
Many people find that as their fitness improves, so does their mood.
Many people find that as treatment progresses they return to normal sleep cycles.
Many people find that beginning a new job can lead to feelings of unease, unhappiness and worry.
Many people find that beige is an easier neutral to live with than gray.
Many people find that being a governor can be very rewarding.
Many people find that biofeedback and relaxation training improve their headaches.
Many people find that buying a new vehicle is the only acceptable answer to the car buying dilemma.
Many people find that buying film can be as mind-boggling as purchasing the camera itself.
Many people find that by the time they reach their mid-forties, hay fever is no longer a problem.
Many people find that caretaking evolves into a lifelong career.
Many people find that carrying lots of one-dollar bills is helpful, primarily for use as tips.
Many people find that clubs tend to claim to be open and friendly yet contain closed groups.
Many people find that cold packs, heating pads, massage, and rest help to relieve pain.
Many people find that complementary therapies do improve their asthma symptoms.
Many people find that consuming carrageenan causes digestive distress and pain.
Many people find that counseling provides extra support and information.
Many people find that drinking eight glasses of fluids a day is a lofty goal.
Many people find that electricity is quite expensive in Tallahassee.
Many people find that e-mail enhances their communication with others.
Many people find that exercise has an antidepressant effect.
Many people find that exercise is more effective than a coffee break.
Many people find that guaifenesin really helps.
Many people find that heat or cold helps to temporarily relieve pain.
Many people find that helping others is also the best way to help themselves.
Many people find that herbal remedies are a natural solution for their health concerns.
Many people find that hypoallergenic, water based cosmetics are helpful.
Many people find that improving and staying in their home is a better alternative to moving.
Many people find that it enhances nail growth and makes nails less brittle.
Many people find that it is difficult to cook for one or two.
Many people find that it is easier to read online material after if has been printed out.
Many people find that it is extremely difficult to double-click without slightly moving the mouse.
Many people find that it is more affordable to have their surgery done here, than in their own city.
Many people find that it provides helpful intuition on real business cycle theory.
Many people find that it provides technicians with an industry recognized and valued credential.
Many people find that it reduces stress and increases energy.
Many people find that it takes a single build to get menu sharing into their apps.
Many people find that it's faster and easier to read paper than to read typical computer screens.
Many people find that joining a class helps in sticking to the physical activity.
Many people find that jounalling is a path to understanding life and moving forward.
Many people find that juggling over a bed saves a lot of time and energy in picking up drops.
Many people find that just sleeping in a room that is more free of allergens makes a difference.
Many people find that keeping the newer floors clean is also difficult.
Many people find that learning more about cancer is important to their recovery.
Many people find that life is filled with too many demands.
Many people find that lifestyle and diet changes can effectively reduce their cholesterol levels.
Many people find that light exercise, such as walking, actually decreases their fatigue.
Many people find that listening to music while observing enhances the experience.
Many people find that massage greatly relieves stress.
Many people find that material learned just before going to sleep is retained better.
Many people find that medication controls their symptoms.
Many people find that meditation and yoga helps develop patience.
Many people find that nearly all of their personal wealth is invested in the stock market.
Many people find that nonprescription antacids provide temporary or partial relief.
Many people find that one running does the day's dishes.
Many people find that paracetamol or ibuprofen help.
Many people find that planning for retirement is a task that often gets postponed.
Many people find that planting corn in rows takes less time.
Many people find that praying in groups is their favorite part of group life.
Many people find that professional counseling is of benefit as well.
Many people find that real estate constitutes a substantial portion of their net worth.
Many people find that recurrences tend to lessen in severity and frequency with time.
Many people find that rehab programs are very helpful after getting out of a hospital.
Many people find that salt is consumed more during the summer months than in the colder weather.
Many people find that self-expression comes easiest when they can let go and be spontaneous.
Many people find that setting goals and objectives are helpful.
Many people find that shaving cream softens the hair for easier removal.
Many people find that simply consuming lactose with a meal or solid food minimizes problems.
Many people find that simply mounding compostable materials into a heap is unsatisfactory.
Many people find that specific foods provoke symptoms, eg.
Many people find that sticking to a low-fat diet can be difficult.
Many people find that studying the history of life is greatly enriching.
Many people find that studying with others in the class is beneficial.
Many people find that tapes work.
Many people find that the act of confession is useful in moving past mistakes of the past.
Many people find that the cream has an unpleasant odor and that the process is very messy.
Many people find that the fastest and easiest path to career success is to do something they love.
Many people find that the game of tennis needs to be changed.
Many people find that the hot flushes wear off after a period of time and become less of a problem.
Many people find that the increased quality in communication balances the additional time costs.
Many people find that the inner, intangible successes are the ones that really matter.
Many people find that the paperwork required is complex.
Many people find that the payoff is big.
Many people find that the reason they took out a life insurance policy no longer exists.
Many people find that the red apples attract their attention first.
Many people find that the roof prism pairs are easier to hold for long periods of time.
Many people find that the subject-matter of the free writing becomes childlike.
Many people find that the taste of meat, fish, poultry and eggs changes a lot.
Many people find that their anxiety symptoms are significantly eased without extensive talk therapy.
Many people find that their college psychology courses are among their most memorable.
Many people find that their condition improves after only three or four sessions.
Many people find that their dietary preferences change with hard training.
Many people find that their existing insurance works quite well at home.
Many people find that their headaches go away completely after they take naratriptan.
Many people find that their headaches go away completely after they take rizatriptan.
Many people find that their headaches go away completely after they take sumatriptan.
Many people find that their headaches go away completely after they take zolmitriptan.
Many people find that their skill level dramatically increases with practice.
Many people find that their supposed rabbit allergy is actually caused by hay and dust mites.
Many people find that they are really useful for looking at things close-up and further away.
Many people find that they are refused help when they ask for it.
Many people find that they become more tolerant of lactose with time.
Many people find that they can spin the picked coarse wool without carding.
Many people find that they feel better about their conditions when they join a support group.
Many people find that they finally have time for travel or education.
Many people find that they get sick more easily when they are under a lot of stress.
Many people find that they have an unexplained, yet fulfilling affinity to the teachings.
Many people find that they like programming after actually doing it.
Many people find that they put less stress on the wrist.
Many people find that they remember more details of the event a while after it has occurred.
Many people find that they sleep better after exercise.
Many people find that they use multiple programs in order to take advantage of certain features.
Many people find that they've underestimated their retirement needs.
Many people find that too hard to believe.
Many people find that walking with a friend can be a great motivator.
Many people find that when they first compare skim and whole milk, both bubble about the same.
Many people find that wind chimes bring an exotic feel to outdoor environments.
Many people find that with spring thaws and warmer weather, their trees brown quickly and die.
Many people find the annual Spring bloom to be their favorite time in the desert.
Many people find the balcony sound and sightlines superior to the floor.
Many people find the basic meditation techniques to be easier.
Many people find the benefits information extremely useful.
Many people find the Bible confusing.
Many people find the bird's new behavior difficult to handle.
Many people find the blue-green color a bit garish, though.
Many people find the capacity for speech to be the most appealing reason for buying a parrot.
Many people find the characterization in terms of frequency response to be intuitive.
Many people find the church excessively predictable.
Many people find the combination of estate planning and criminal defense to be unusual.
Many people find the concept of statistical significance rather confusing.
Many people find the courage to do it.
Many people find the death depicted there offensive, depressing.
Many people find the ease and scope of such searches disquieting.
Many people find the experience of receiving acupuncture relaxing and pleasurable.
Many people find the experience to be long and arduous.
Many people find the extra cash is an incentive to use transit or try another way to get to work.
Many people find the flavor to be similar to ginger ale.
Many people find the graduate school experience quite different than undergraduate.
Many people find the health risk of blood triglycerides to be confusing , which is understandable.
Many people find the Hugo voting system very complicated.
Many people find the idea of going into business for themselves very tempting.
Many people find the idea of powerlessness to be very troubling.
Many people find the index is the best way to find help topics.
Many people find the inevitable aging and weathering of natural stone to be appealing.
Many people find the initial screen font difficult to read.
Many people find the interface of the web an easier way to handle subscriptions to their list.
Many people find the Internet and other technology an aid to making life easier and quicker.
Many people find the law a bit of a mystery and the prospect of finding a lawyer intimidating.
Many people find the monotony horrifying.
Many people find the most difficult aspect of shiftwork is having to sleep in the daytime.
Many people find the most meaningful relationships of their life in a small group setting.
Many people find the music too difficult because there is nothing to compare it with, no category.
Many people find the open messageboard extremely helpful.
Many people find the permanent, washable electrostatic models even more effective.
Many people find the pill form very convenient as it is something they are comfortable with.
Many people find the process of balancing their checkbook each month too much of a hassle.
Many people find the results entertaining.
Many people find the rhythms and mysteries of the rosary helpful, others litanies or novenas.
Many people find the salvia experience quite disturbing and unpleasant.
Many people find the scopes and mounts to be well worth both.
Many people find the sense of belonging and participation to be satisfying in itself.
Many people find the sight of their partner masturbating highly erotic.
Many people find the site by entering more words.
Many people find the site to be difficult to understand.
Many people find the sites they visit through search engines.
Many people find the softer illumination more pleasant.
Many people find the springy support of a box spring more comfortable than wooden mattress supports.
Many people find the stools condusive to meditation and prayer or even just watching the television.
Many people find the stories of the next two weeks jarring and even disconcerting.
Many people find the subject of grammar quite intimidating.
Many people find the task of looking for a job overwhelming at first.
Many people find the thought of owning their own business appealing.
Many people find the time of serious illness to be a time of growth and healing.
Many people find the toughest part of job hunting is the follow-up phone call.
Many people find the trickling sound of water to be soothing, even spiritual.
Many people find the tube somewhat uncomfortable, and it is easily dislodged accidentally.
Many people find the type styles in the top row the most readable for onscreen text.
Many people find the update of interest, so it is available on a monthly basis.
Many people find the use of prefix arguments somewhat strange.
Many people find the walrus to be one of the most fascinating animals in the world.
Many people find their communication abilities deteriorate as they become tired.
Many people find their credit report in the same or worse shape after credit counseling.
Many people find their diabetes gets better when they follow their treatment plan.
Many people find their favorite time of day to be the dawn.
Many people find their insurance coverage inadequate.
Many people find their interests and behavior change after the event.
Many people find their life's partner in Bible college.
Many people find their next project, while on their current one.
Many people find their own ways to cope.
Many people find their portal through work or school.
Many people find their resulting wav file suffers from a change in pitch.
Many people find their symptoms are relieved when contact lens wear is discontinued.
Many people find their training gains efficiency by flying twice weekly.
Many people find their value in their material possessions.
Many people find their waist shrinking, hips shrinking, yet no weight loss is apparent.
Many people find their way to the grounds to pray and meditate.
Many people find their work so unbearably painful that they often have to stay home.
Many people find themselves afflicted by strange maladies once they enter the managerial realm.
Many people find themselves alone when facing trials and challenges in their life.
Many people find themselves facing financial worries over retirement.
Many people find themselves here, with lots of room for improvement.
Many people find themselves in difficult financial situations.
Many people find themselves in human warehouses called nursing homes.
Many people find themselves in the same problems with their credit cards a few years later.
Many people find themselves living in a shelter temporarily.
Many people find themselves navigating a vast information space of virtual objects.
Many people find themselves turning to food when they are tired, bored or emotional.
Many people find themselves with a similar problem.
Many people find themselves with debt problems for a number of reasons from job loss to divorce.
Many people find themselves without a quality sleep life.
Many people find themselves wondering what to use as an actual starting charge.
Many people find themselves yearning for the very stability they left behind.
Many people find they also experience numbness and tingling.
Many people find they are allergic to specific types of animal dander.
Many people find they are spending more than they bring in.
Many people find they can experience and demonstrate love more easily.
Many people find they can more quickly get into prayer mode in such places.
Many people find they do well with antihistamines that contain chlorpheneramine.
Many people find they enjoy dating even more when sex is off limits.
Many people find they enjoy visiting the parks and sites when fewer people are around.
Many people find they fall asleep well before get to where they woke up that morning.
Many people find they have to apply to educational trusts to raise money to pay their fees.
Many people find they have to try several times before they give up smoking for good.
Many people find they prefer to do only functional talking, so they can more deeply relax.
Many people find they stammer more when they are ill or tired.
Many people find they taste too sweet after a while.
Many people find they use the same resources on other computers every day.
Many people find they work well.
Many people find thier pond to be too small.
Many people find tiny drops of blood in a cat's bedding or where the cat sleeps.
Many people find tiny drops of blood in a dog's bedding or where the dog sleeps.
Many people find tobacco smoke annoying, smelly, and just plain dirty and unpleasant.
Many people find trekking to be a some what luxurious from backpacking.
Many people find trekking to be a somewhat luxurious form of backpacking.
Many people find tri-cyclic antidepressants such as Elavil help.
Many people find ultrasound, icing and stretching to be helpful, as well.
Many people find underwater gardening rewarding.
Many people find using the tree to navigate faster than selecting and opening folders.
Many people find value in their work as a source of new learning and challenge.
Many people find visiting a lawyer can be an intimidating experience.
Many people find Web sites through use of a search engine.
Many people find weekly enzyme cleaning to be inconvenient and costly.
Many people find when they switch to an all natural diet, the allergies their dogs had disappear.
Many people find work more rewarding than their personal lives.
Many people find working as a governor very satisfying.
Many people find working in groups difficult and frustrating.
Many people find writing by hand difficult.
Many people find writing the goals and objectives section of a grant proposal the most difficult.
Many people find writing, in and of itself, to be a powerful tool in their personal growth as well.
Many people find, for example, that they are torn between family and career.
Many people finish the online registration in one session.
Many people fire up their airplane and taxi to the pumps, before sumping the system.
Many people firmly believe school choice is a matter of justice.
Many people first become aware that they have ants when the ants initiate the reproductive flight.
Many people first experience a fast Internet connection at work.
Many people first learn that they have hepatitis only after donating blood.
Many people first look for existing houses in a city.
Many people fish all over the world.
Many people fish because they like to.
Many people fish for lobster, conch, and snapper.
Many people fish in the strait.
Many people fish off the pier there.
Many people fish on the ditch banks and lakes offers a different type of opportunity for fishing.
Many people fish their entire life and never catch one.
Many people fit somewhere in the middle.
Many people fix upon their role in work as their whole identity.
Many people float from site to site, simply browsing to see if things catch their interest.
Many people flock around the boulevard, lie on the beach or have dinner in a seaside restaurant.
Many people fly from Spain, go overland or even decide to hitch back.
Many people fly in and drive home in the best priced cars in the United States.
Many people fly kites here.
Many people fly on holiday or to visit friends and family.
Many people fly to Mexico and take a flight from there to the island nation.
Many people flying North to South, without changing time zones, also suffer from jet lag.
Many people focus on hobbies or special interests and personal information.
Many people focus on the former and neglect or degrade the latter.
Many people focus on the obvious things for improving their gaming performance.
Many people focus on their poor habits and then become distressed and overwhelmed.
Many people fold cards and make small gift boxes.
Many people follow a blend of Christian and traditional beliefs.
Many people follow a lacto-ovo vegetarian diet, which means they include dairy products and eggs.
Many people follow fortune tellers and healers.
Many people follow the party affiliation of their forebears.
Many people follow their dream and quit their corporate job to go into business for themselves.
Many people follow up their light, early breakfasts with a midmorning snack.
Many people fondly remember both women and their many fine contributions to the community in Tokyo.
Many people foolishly believe that dogs simply love to get mucked up.
Many people foolishly believe that slavery was the cause of the war.
Many people foresee a natural shakeout of ASPs over the next few months.
Many people forge intimate links with birds.
Many people forget a printer's ticket price is only the beginning.
Many people forget about giving to the larger community when they're in a relationship.
Many people forget about their shoes when they go on an interview.
Many people forget film is a multi-sensory experience.
Many people forget most of their dreams completely.
Many people forget that a checkup can come at any time during the year.
Many people forget that a grown dog or cat needs less food than a puppy or kitten.
Many people forget that a lot of aquatic plants reproduce two ways.
Many people forget that all issues are women's issues.
Many people forget that attorneys are in the business of giving advice.
Many people forget that cheese is a HIGH fat food.
Many people forget that culture is an underlying part of most educational courses.
Many people forget that energized lights and appliances add heat to their homes.
Many people forget that little tid bit of information.
Many people forget that the laws that apply on the ground apply equally in cyberspace.
Many people forget that there are actually human beings on the other side of their keyboard.
Many people forget that there are numerous browsers in use today.
Many people forget that there is a great sacrifice, especially by families, in public service.
Many people forget that they are still making snow at the resorts.
Many people forget that wind often imposes serious limitations on telescope operation.
Many people forget the filter is used for heating and cooling.
Many people forget the OFs.
Many people forget the 'r' rules.
Many people forget to blink regularly when they work at a computer, and that leads to dry eye.
Many people forget to brush their tongue, which is the major cause of odor.
Many people forget to conclude their e-mail messages.
Many people forget to give their horses water when horses are pastured.
Many people forget to include the header file in the dependencies.
Many people forget to indicate the precise level of the audience.
Many people forget to link the images or banners to the home directory.
Many people forget to mention the second part.
Many people forget to plan for the financial impact of a divorce prior to filing.
Many people forget to prepare for costs associated with closing and moving.
Many people forget to put their web address in their print ads.
Many people forget to renew their domains.
Many people forget to retrieve important documents from their safe deposit box.
Many people forget to sign the safety guidelines section.
Many people forget to spend time identifying their values in relations to their career decision.
Many people forget to take home the poinsettias or lilies they donate to the church.
Many people forget to take into account the ongoing costs of home maintenance.
Many people forget what they want to say when they're nervous.
Many people forget, if they ever knew, what a difference their performance makes.
Many people forgo the Part D coverage because of the relatively low value of their autos.
Many people forgo therapy because they are anxious or embarrassed to see a therapist.
Many people form opinions by anecdote.
Many people form their opinions of American life from what they see on television and in movies.
Many people frame their bibs so they never forget that wonderful occasion.
Many people frantically cling to material things for security and happiness.
Many people freak out and get scared.
Many people freak out under the pressure of law school.
Many people freeze up, like a deer caught in a car s headlights.
Many people frequent the baths of Ba os for the medicinal properties of the hot springs.
Many people frequent the woods during the day, but few are there at night.
Many people fully recover from eating disorders and disordered eating.
Many people fully recover from eating disorders.
Many people function as though the thoughts in their mind are outside their control.
Many people function best with approximately eight hours of sleep.
Many people furnish apartments by buying second-hand furniture.
Many people gag at the idea of going down on a dick.
Many people gag when they brush first thing in the morning.
Many people gain a lot of enjoyment simply from listening to amateur radio transmissions.
Many people gain benefit from surgical repair and replacement of damaged joints.
Many people gain creative impulses from dreams.
Many people gain much enjoyment from watching county cricket.
Many people gain much of their knowledge of history through film and television.
Many people gain relief from joint pain through physical therapy or prescription medications.
Many people gain support by sharing their concerns with other people who have the disorder.
Many people gain weight due to the swelling and retention of fluid.
Many people gamble because they are lonely, bored or stressed.
Many people gamble for fun and entertainment .
Many people gamble for fun and entertainment.
Many people gamble on the internet every day.
Many people gamble to escape their problems.
Many people gather from all over to see it.
Many people gather here at sunset every day.
Many people gather here in the winter to spend their holidays and weekends.
Many people gather on the headlands in the hope of seeing passing whales on their annual migration.
Many people gather there for information.
Many people gather to see the festival proceed to the shrine.
Many people gather wild snails that live nearby.
Many people gather, and at midnight it is very busy and lively.
Many people generously give their professional services free or at reduced rates.
Many people generously offer their expertise and experiences to provide information and support.
Many people genuinely love the dog in their apartment.
Many people get a cold and ask their doctor for antibiotics.
Many people get a diagnosis of mental illness and are given drugs to treat it.
Many people get a fresh load of gravel for their driveways.
Many people get a hundred or so pieces of e-mail a day.
Many people get a little glimpse of North Bay Village on their nightly newscast.
Many people get a lot of places by accident.
Many people get a massage from time to time.
Many people get a minor case of the jitters before performing in public.
Many people get a one-sided view of the impact that companies have on society.
Many people get a physiological rush from anger.
Many people get a rash on their hands after touching the bulbs.
Many people get a second line for convenience.
Many people get a separate email account specifically for use with personals.
Many people get a slight fever and headache just before the rash appears.
Many people get a sudden attack of amnesia at the top of an escalator.
Many people get absolutely unreasonable about squirrels in their bird feeders.
Many people get active and then decide they'd like to lose weight or stop smoking.
Many people get all their email messages downloaded to their computer daily.
Many people get along just fine using the same programs, never moving on to new versions.
Many people get along without physicians for years.
Many people get an insufficient amount of copper in their diets.
Many people get better results by repeating the above procedure two or more times.
Many people get butterflies in their stomach when they begin dating.
Many people get confused about monks and priests.
Many people get confused about the differences in eye care providers.
Many people get confused about the proper plural for the word octopus.
Many people get confused about what is prayer.
Many people get confused about what's a sprain and what's a strain.
Many people get confused about which bristle material to use for various paints.
Many people get confused and think they have sections of several different editions.
Many people get confused because both offices are located in Fayetteville.
Many people get constipation while travelling.
Many people get cramps in their legs.
Many people get defensive when their work is critiqued, and they see it as an attack.
Many people get depressed because they are sensitive to wheat, dairy products, corn, or soy.
Many people get diarrhea from large amounts of fructose.
Many people get drunk in order to escape reality.
Many people get elect rocuted each year because of such ignorance.
Many people get excited about the festivities but miss the main event.
Many people get excited in a positive way and want to pet or play with the dog.
Many people get fat as the result of taking prescription drugs.
Many people get guides for their first time out.
Many people get herpes and don t know it because they never have symptoms.
Many people get Internet access from their employer or school.
Many people get into a routine of prayer and a ritual.
Many people get into an addictive pattern of attacking their spouse, and finding fault.
Many people get into business, put up the money, and then fail without ever really knowing why.
Many people get into child care having no idea of what they are getting into.
Many people get into competitive stances online, like they are competing for a local market.
Many people get into depression when they are suffering from stress.
Many people get into it in a variety of ways.
Many people get into mail order before acquiring a knowledge of mail order.
Many people get into twelve step programs after they come out of a detox program.
Many people get into yoga in order to relax.
Many people get it at least once.
Many people get itchy, irritated eyes with an allergic reaction.
Many people get jobs by networking with friends, old business contacts, and chance encounters.
Many people get jobs without having an internship during college.
Many people get little red dots on their face and hands.
Many people get loans from the bank.
Many people get lucky.
Many people get married and are faithful to each other for their entire life.
Many people get messages to their pagers via an Internet e-mail gateway.
Many people get mixed up with na pueo and the barn owl.
Many people get mixed up with the ideas of diet for losing weight and the diet for good health.
Many people get more than one.
Many people get more training programming their VCRs than technicians do using a locating device.
Many people get nervous when the camera is turned in their direction.
Many people get on the net at home and call their modems Internet cards.
Many people get on their high horses to talk about 'great causes'.
Many people get only one urge a day, a week or even a month.
Many people get pits as a status symbol.
Many people get pleasure out of family history research.
Many people get psychic satisfaction from owning.
Many people get quite nervous in social situations.
Many people get relief from some of their worst symptoms.
Many people get relief from their painful cramps when using magnet wave therapy.
Many people get relief from using hot compresses.
Many people get research chemicals by discretely asking trusted friends.
Many people get scared of threads.
Many people get secured credit cards.
Many people get seriously behind in their monthly bill payments if they miss a few paychecks.
Many people get seven or eight right - that's normal vision.
Many people get shaky during the day.
Many people get sick each year from the food they eat.
Many people get sick, but no one knows why.
Many people get sick.
Many people get sinusitis, bronchitis or pneumonia on the heels of a viral infection.
Many people get skin problems and diseases because of too much exposure to the sun.
Many people get slightly the wrong idea.
Many people get sniper guns and shoot down their opponents from long distances.
Many people get so into setting controls that they lose the enjoyment of the movie.
Many people get tattoos for different reasons.
Many people get tense because of their fears.
Many people get the infection during childhood.
Many people get the jaguar and leopard confused.
Many people get the terms annual and perennial backwards.
Many people get the two turned around.
Many people get their best leads from someone they have checked back with several times.
Many people get their drinking water from wells drilled into the water table.
Many people get their enjoyment out of being in the ring, showing their own dog.
Many people get their information from the gay and lesbian press.
Many people get their own sail number when they buy their first new sail.
Many people get their readings immediately.
Many people get tired of talking after two or three hours.
Many people get to go to one event a year, if that, and it's always nice to hear about what went on.
Many people get to know and trust their neighbors.
Many people get to middle management and become very good at something.
Many people get to the tee with a lot of tension in the body.
Many people get tremendous recalls of buried material.
Many people get true satisfaction from handling the cigarette and putting it into their mouth.
Many people get tunnel vision when it comes to trading the market.
Many people get unlimited mileage out of a limited vocabulary.
Many people get up and walk out.
Many people get upset about welfare cheaters.
Many people get upset and farmers get angry when snails eat their plants and crops.
Many people get upset as remedy after remedy of over the counter medicine doesn t work.
Many people get very little exercise.
Many people get very nervous before that big test.
Many people get very sleepy after taking antihistamines.
Many people get very startled, and throw the animal off their lap in a panic.
Many people get viruses even with virus checkers installed.
Many people get weary after a while.
Many people gets off the train.
Many people give a bouquet of red carnation to their mother.
Many people give advice on things they know nothing about.
Many people give all recognition to only the athlete.
Many people give an e-book away free to visitors of their site.
Many people give away free reports, newsletters, and bonuses to start the direct response process.
Many people give credit to an all knowing creator while others search for a more scientific answer.
Many people give each of their fossils a reference number.
Many people give e-mail addresses that have short lives.
Many people give freely and the work of charities has grown enormously over the last century.
Many people give gifts in memory or honor of a loved one or others.
Many people give much thought and consideration to planning their futures.
Many people give of their talent.
Many people give of their time and talent to help make Little Lake tick.
Many people give of their time.
Many people give only because of emotional appeals or special needs, but give little week to week.
Many people give our albums as baby shower presents and holiday gifts.
Many people give presents to the bride.
Many people give property to a minor through a trust.
Many people give several reasons for backsliding, and perhaps there are.
Many people give telecards as gifts.
Many people give the key chains or teddy bears as gifts.
Many people give the matter little thought.
Many people give their dogs some vitamins or supplements.
Many people give their time for little or no money.
Many people give to a foundation in memory of a loved one.
Many people give up after a chapter or two.
Many people give up after some difficulty.
Many people give up before they really give it a chance.
Many people give up drugs, drinking and other abusive or anti-social activities.
Many people give up food for lint.
Many people give up the fight against the oleander caterpillars and dig the oleanders up.
Many people give up too quickly.
Many people give up too readily and unnecessarily on their commitments to each other.
Many people give up too soon in their Bible studies b.
Many people give up trying to grow vegetables due to the many difficulties involved.
Many people give up trying to succeed when they are faced with major problems.
Many people give up when on the brink of success.
Many people give varous reasons for the UFOs.
Many people glancing at it mistake it for a pager.
Many people gloss over the profound and irreconcilable differences between science and religion.
Many people go around our world just thinking about themselves and nobody else.
Many people go astray when they model real seismic data by such a monochromatic wave.
Many people go for a drive on a holiday, so it is a good time to contact people.
Many people go for a 'jog' in order to keep fit and healthy.
Many people go for a walk during their lunch hour or fit in a workout session at the gym.
Many people go for a walk to escape the chatter and distractions of their household.
Many people go for the beer and watch sports on the many TVs.
Many people go for the glitzy, graphic-intensive home page.
Many people go for the smallest frame they can before the toptube gets too short.
Many people go for their second cup of coffee within an hour or so of the first.
Many people go for Yellow pages kind of sites .
Many people go from day to day using only a fraction of their potential.
Many people go from job to job and give little thought to their careers.
Many people go home and spend time with their families.
Many people go home and study the information.
Many people go home or start traveling.
Many people go in their sportswear or everyday clothes, in sneakers and wearing hats.
Many people go internal because it reduces windage and looks much better.
Many people go into business to satisfy theiregos.
Many people go into business with one single purpose to make a lot of money.
Many people go into real estate investment because of the ability to negatively gear.
Many people go into serious debt during the holiday season.
Many people go into the forest, cut trees ans saw logs into lumber on portable saw mills.
Many people go into the gym and try to almost kill themselves.
Many people go months without getting enough fresh air or sunshine.
Many people go months without wages and survive by bartering.
Many people go much further.
Many people go much longer before changing the grass.
Many people go on a diet and fail.
Many people go on a pump during pregnancy and do very well.
Many people go on and off welfare over a period of years.
Many people go on believing.
Many people go on river trips to enjoy the peace and solitude that a wilderness setting can provide.
Many people go on the tour to get ideas they can use on their homes.
Many people go on to academic careers.
Many people go on to live very normal lives after being diagnosed with it.
Many people go online specifically to interact with other people.
Many people go out on the town to enjoy fine dining and dancing.
Many people go outside during storms just so they can see the lightning.
Many people go right to teach following graduation.
Many people go see the Emancipation Proclamation.
Many people go their entire lives without really exploring the world that they live in.
Many people go their whole lives without ever having rest in their spiritual life.
Many people go there because it is very pretty and peaceful.
Many people go there every year for fishing and sailing.
Many people go there in the summer to watch the horse races.
Many people go there on pilgrimage.
Many people go there only for the nightlife.
Many people go there to learn how to defend themselves.
Many people go there to spend the day at the beach and the coastal area.
Many people go there to watch the salmon spawn in the streams.
Many people go through a divorce and quit attending church.
Many people go through bouts of fear, anxiety and depression following a major cardiac event.
Many people go through developmental growth suprts in sex just as in other aspects of life.
Many people go through it who feel uncomfortable.
Many people go through life and never experience their true calling.
Many people go through life hating their names.
Many people go through life in constant thought.
Many people go through life looking for loopholes.
Many people go through life making assumptions about who they are.
Many people go through life never really appreciating it.
Many people go through life with their head in the sand.
Many people go through life without any sense of purpose.
Many people go through life without ever feeling appreciated or acknowledged.
Many people go through life without ever taking a plunge into it.
Many people go through life without such a thing.
Many people go through periods of exacerbation.
Many people go through periods of weeping and feeling extremely low after a death.
Many people go through suicidal times.
Many people go through the day becoming more and more tense, yet they do nothing about it.
Many people go through their chemotherapy with their usual sex lives unaffected.
Many people go through their entire life without ever uncovering their mission in life.
Many people go through their whole career and never make it.
Many people go through training for their own transformation.
Many people go to a church to pray to a god.
Many people go to a coffee shop after they leave a restaurant.
Many people go to an otolaryngologist when they experience reductions in taste and smell.
Many people go to bed early enough but end up lying in bed awake for hours.
Many people go to bed exhausted and wake up tired.
Many people go to chiropractors for relief of back pain.
Many people go to church and try to be good all their lives, but have never been born again.
Many people go to church as well to celebrate and pray.
Many people go to church.
Many people go to churches that have blind leaders of the blind.
Many people go to clairvoyants now.
Many people go to counselors to learn how to be assertive.
Many people go to court and lose even with a lawyer and they still have to pay the lawyer.
Many people go to court on their own to obtain a restraining order.
Many people go to different schools.
Many people go to great lengths to get comfortable in bed and enjoy a good night's sleep.
Many people go to martial arts school to observe, and sometime what they see is very negative.
Many people go to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina to have fun, get some sun and just relax.
Many people go to nature to think and seek solitude.
Many people go to pedorthists to be fitted with therapeutic shoes.
Many people go to philosophy sites just to engage in verbal guerrilla warfare.
Many people go to philosophy sites to engage in verbal guerilla warfare.
Many people go to reflexologists for stress related problems or injuries.
Many people go to see the spaceship take-offs.
Many people go to the backcountry for the feeling of remoteness and solitude.
Many people go to the bazaar.
Many people go to the beach after dark for sex, with either regular or casual partners.
Many people go to the bullfights to experience an extraordinary event.
Many people go to the forest to get away from noise.
Many people go to the medical office everyday.
Many people go to the mosque in the neighborhood for fast breaking and meals.
Many people go to the mountains to enjoy wonderful scenery.
Many people go to there to eat.
Many people go to truck wrecking yards and pick up used air brake tanks for cheap.
Many people go to urologists for many problems.
Many people go to work on public transportation.
Many people go to work there as a college job and never get out.
Many people go try something without knowing the stuff they are after.
Many people go untreated because they are too embarrassed to ask for help.
Many people go up either half or one full size to compensate depending on the width of their feet.
Many people go without food for days and days.
Many people govern the start of their lives from the point of a life changing altercation.
Many people grab the front bar when the treadmill is at an incline.
Many people graduate from college or graduate school thinking they are photographers.
Many people grapple with habits they want to beat.
Many people greatly overestimate the size of the area that they can view beneath a boat.
Many people greet the season with a renewed sense of optimism.
Many people grind or clench their teeth.
Many people grind their own coffee but very very few roast it.
Many people grind while sleeping and wake up with dull headaches or sore jaws.
Many people grow and mature from their choices that they made earlier.
Many people grow and transform dramatically through their grieving over the death of a loved one.
Many people grow banana plants outdoors for their leafy, tropical foliage.
Many people grow crops and live on farms.
Many people grow from one level to another as children, as adolescents, and as adults.
Many people grow frustrated and give up all together.
Many people grow heirloom seeds and their reasons are diverse.
Many people grow into the Jewish community.
Many people grow it at cool altitudes in the interior of Honduras.
Many people grow out of childhood epilepsy or they take medicine to control it.
Many people grow physically mature without becoming morally mature.
Many people grow to adulthood without learning to set goals, use time wisely, and save money.
Many people grow up believing they are capable of being more than human.
Many people grow up in a religion and accept it because it's what they're taught.
Many people grow up in an environment where disordered eating seems to be normal.
Many people grumble regularly about the state of modern society.
Many people habitually talk and drive with one hand.
Many people haggle loudly in Spanish, or English, or whatever language works.
Many people haggle over prices.
Many people handle difficulties badly.
Many people handle routine family law matters without retaining an attorney.
Many people handle simple naturalizations by themselves.
Many people handle their money responsibly all year long and then overspend at holiday time.
Many people hang around after the service to visit.
Many people hang flags outside of schools, office buildings and homes.
Many people hang on for years and years.
Many people hang out at the bar at the City of Miami marina just outside the village.
Many people harbor prejudicial attitudes about mutant people.
Many people harbor the fantasy of driving their car extremely fast.
Many people harbour unrealistic perceptions of their body size.
Many people has different personal relationships.
Many people hate deserts.
Many people hate homosexuals.
Many people hate it, saying it's the ugliest vehicle they've seen.
Many people hate selling, and miss out on the good life.
Many people hate selling, and miss out on the success and relationships they deserve.
Many people hate spam and want to make it illegal.
Many people hate spam.
Many people hate that.
Many people hate their jobs, but they have made an inner compromise with themselves.
Many people hate their jobs.
Many people hate their office jobs, but they have made an inner compromise with themselves.
Many people hate to do library research.
Many people hate typing long names.
Many people hate waiting.
Many people haul it to the landfill, burn or shred it.
Many people have a better appetite after they get a transplant, and they gain unwanted weight.
Many people have a budget, and a good banker in case there are emergencies.
Many people have a calendar stuck on their refrigerator or on a wall at home.
Many people have a checking account for daily expenses and a savings account for reserve funds.
Many people have a childlike, magic view of prayer.
Many people have a clear line across the nose known as the allergic salute.
Many people have a cloudy understanding of the Internet.
Many people have a collection and switch back and forth.
Many people have a collection of business cards.
Many people have a concern about sprinklers accidentally going off in their home.
Many people have a concordance in the back of their study Bible, or purchase a separate one.
Many people have a condition known as hypothyroidism, or an underactive thyroid gland.
Many people have a confusion because, in America, marriage is two things.
Many people have a deep-seated fear of contacting the unknown.
Many people have a desire, often a compulsive desire, to gamble.
Many people have a determination to prevent religion from seeping into their lives.
Many people have a difficult time at first.
Many people have a difficult time deciding for how long a benefit period to buy.
Many people have a difficult time figuring out what they want to do with their lives.
Many people have a difficult time getting the product out of the container.
Many people have a difficult time grasping the concept of math.
Many people have a difficult time keeping reptiles at home.
Many people have a difficult time trying to fix errors found on their credit reports.
Many people have a dissatisfied view of life.
Many people have a dominant spending personality - one that stands out over the other six.
Many people have a drawer with bits of broken jewellery tucked away.
Many people have a dream of being their own boss and reaping the benefits of their own efforts.
Many people have a faith based upon superstition.
Many people have a false belief that depression is caused by some type of personal weakness.
Many people have a false impression of the purpose of humility.
Many people have a family member or neighbor who is homosexual.
Many people have a fascination with things like explosions and car wrecks.
Many people have a favorite home rabbit control remedy.
Many people have a favorite rabbit remedy.
Many people have a favorite recipe for sofkey and blue dumplings and mostly eat American foods.
Many people have a favorite season.
Many people have a fear of a united planet.
Many people have a fear of being alone.
Many people have a fear of failure.
Many people have a fear of going to see a solicitor.
Many people have a fear of probate and in some states that fear is justified.
Many people have a fear of sharks that is disproportionate to the risk they pose.
Many people have a feeling that something is missing.
Many people have a few magnifiers, which they can use for doing different things.
Many people have a fondness for a particular keyboard.
Many people have a friend or relative whose drinking is adversely affecting their life.
Many people have a friend who likes to pick fights and steal their best friend.
Many people have a genuine fear of dental treatment.
Many people have a go first and then decide how they have done after they know the result.
Many people have a goal of being rich.
Many people have a good and enjoyable sex life without ever having children.
Many people have a good idea of what they want to learn by then end of the freshman year.
Many people have a graphics calculator which they only use to draw graphs.
Many people have a great deal of difficulty selling their needle handiwork.
Many people have a great fear of public speaking.
Many people have a great hunger to see miracles today.
Many people have a habit of resisting physically.
Many people have a hard job seeing the point of reproductive cloning.
Many people have a hard life.
Many people have a hard time accepting some facts despite mathematical proof.
Many people have a hard time believing, or accepting, that they have a hearing loss.
Many people have a hard time dealing with the conflict between the two.
Many people have a hard time dedicating themselves to a routine exercise program.
Many people have a hard time discovering how to make the Sabbath a delight.
Many people have a hard time finding moccasin patterns for children.
Many people have a hard time having their animals fixed.
Many people have a hard time identifying their skills.
Many people have a hard time looking past poorly written copy.
Many people have a hard time parting with material assets.
Many people have a hard time questioning their doctor's diagnosis and advice.
Many people have a hard time speaking up for themselves, setting limits, and turning down requests.
Many people have a hard time taking their medicine.
Many people have a healthy stress response.
Many people have a heart-opening experience.
Many people have a heel spur on x-ray.
Many people have a high level of anxiety and avoid visiting the dentist.
Many people have a high level of trust and never question the Bible.
Many people have a high tolerance for pain, so they never produce a reaction.
Many people have a higher tolerance for violence, especially by the time they are adults.
Many people have a hobby to study precolumbian Mayan hieroglyphs.
Many people have a home PC as well as a separate fax machine and a stand-alone answering machine.
Many people have a horse or two, but anyone who has five is clearly a serious horse person.
Many people have a kind of cocktail party wedding reception.
Many people have a lack of facial expressions as if they are without feelings or emotions.
Many people have a legal responsibility to report suspected cases to authorities.
Many people have a limited range of motion or tender areas.
Many people have a list of favorite web sites that they visit every day.
Many people have a list of favorite Web sites that they visit every day.
Many people have a long list of supporters who they depend on when things get a little rough.
Many people have a long list of supporters who they depend upon when things get a little rough.
Many people have a lot of acquaintances but few friends.
Many people have a lot of assets but no money to spend.
Many people have a lot of assets, but no money to spend.
Many people have a lot of false ideas about domestic violence.
Many people have a lot of reasons for continuing to smoke.
Many people have a lot of time off.
Many people have a love-hate relationship with swimming.
Many people have a low level chronic candida infection.
Many people have a low level of confidence and courage because they have never tested their limits.
Many people have a lucid dream quite spontaneously without any techniques being used.
Many people have a mailbox in front of their homes next to the street.
Many people have a medicine cabinet in their bathroom.
Many people have a misconception about that.
Many people have a misconception about what programming is like.
Many people have a misperception of sleep-wake cycles which influences their drug use.
Many people have a misshapen skeleton due to trauma from their own birth process and other factors.
Many people have a mistaken idea of missions.
Many people have a mistrust about things and it is amplified in antiques.
Many people have a misunderstanding about the nature of love.
Many people have a more idealistic notion of wealth, one that involves lots of money and property.
Many people have a much harder time of loving.
Many people have a much milder hypersensitivity rather than a true allergy.
Many people have a negative concept of conflict based on their experience.
Many people have a normal life expectancy if a diagnosis is made early.
Many people have a normal life expectancy with proper treatment.
Many people have a normal life expectancy, if diagnosis is made early.
Many people have a number of understandable fears centering on necessary surgery.
Many people have a parent who has a drinking problem or is depressed.
Many people have a particular passion.
Many people have a passion for guns and cars, few get to live that passion.
Many people have a perception of transit agencies as black holes of unending expenses.
Many people have a personal preference to the sex of their pet.
Many people have a personal trainer for their body.
Many people have a phobia of spiders.
Many people have a picnic dinner at night to enjoy the moon.
Many people have a pillow on which to lean.
Many people have a pleasure zone centered around oral activities.
Many people have a positive blood test and have never had a sore.
Many People have a preconceived idea about research.
Many people have a preconceived idea of what gays look like or act like.
Many people have a preconceived notion that crossdressing is a perversion or mental illness.
Many people have a problem accepting infant baptism as valid.
Many people have a problem facing mortality - in others and in themselves.
Many people have a problem remembering the correct number to dial.
Many people have a problem taking the Bible literally because prophetic events are so incredible.
Many people have a problem with the proposed boundaries.
Many people have a problem with there feeders dripping or leaking.
Many people have a real or imagined problem with their bowels.
Many people have a real problem with snacking late at night.
Many people have a repressed creativity around the use of their voice.
Many people have a romanticized view of the wild.
Many people have a savings account and a checking account.
Many people have a sense of hopelessness about themselves and their life.
Many people have a separate directory set aside on their systems just for downloaded files.
Many people have a set amount that they can reasonably afford to spend on a watercraft.
Many people have a setback, and just roll over and kind of quit.
Many people have a short-term attitude to their job, rather than a commitment for life.
Many people have a similar attitude to the world order.
Many people have a simple dialup account to connect to the Internet.
Many people have a simple explanation for New York's recent behavior.
Many people have a sore arm for a day or two after they get the pneumococcal vaccine.
Many people have a special doll from their childhood and want to find out more about that doll.
Many people have a special place where they go to experience nature.
Many people have a stereotypical picture of what a galaxy looks like.
Many people have a strong concern for groups of people.
Many people have a superficial view of racism.
Many people have a sweet tooth and enjoy pastry or chocolate every now and then.
Many people have a tendency for hypersensitivity reactions or allergy.
Many people have a tendency to blame something else when something goes wrong.
Many people have a tendency to burst into song whenever they hear about three boys and three girls.
Many people have a tendency to choose a very elaborate wedding band.
Many people have a tendency to gorge on rich, fatty foods.
Many people have a tendency to ignore their own feelings while they focus on the person who is ill.
Many people have a tendency to quote only part of the command of the Bible.
Many people have a tendency to remember only their successes and forget their failures.
Many people have a tendency to rise to the occasion during a crisis.
Many people have a tendency to slouch or become round-shouldered.
Many people have a tendency to switch to lighter foods, such as fruits and salads.
Many people have a tendency to under-stretch the 'healthy' side after an injury.
Many people have a theory but no one really knows.
Many people have a tough time saying no.
Many people have a tougher time doing good things than they do avoiding the bad things in life.
Many people have a trait theory where other people are described using a list of adjectives.
Many people have a tremendous dread of growing old.
Many people have a very emotional reaction to the loss of their hair.
Many people have a very hard time getting their ethernet cards to work.
Many people have a very superficial view of racism.
Many people have a vested interest in preserving the system.
Many people have a vested interest in promulgating one viewpoint over another.
Many people have a vision of Native American culture as something that exists only in the past.
Many people have a website and find it very hard to get it listed in a major search engine.
Many people have a well-developed intuitive sense about other people.
Many people have access to the building.
Many people have access to the Internet, or at least to e-mail, at work.
Many people have access to the world-wide web.
Many people have access to their own firewood.
Many people have active bowels when they are anxious or nervous.
Many people have adequate life insurance but little or no disability insurance.
Many people have adrenaline showers, rushing in, washing what they can reach and rushing out.
Many people have aging horses.
Many people have all kinds of programs running which serve no known purpose.
Many people have all of their capital in only one or two investments.
Many people have all of their money tied up in the equity of their home.
Many people have allergic reactions after consuming alcoholic beverages.
Many people have allergic reactions to certain foods, one of the most common of which is dairy milk.
Many people have allergic reactions to dander and hair.
Many people have allergic reactions to mold and mildew.
Many people have allergic reactions to pollen, bacteria, dust mites and mold.
Many people have allergic reactions when they eat certain foods.
Many people have allergies and the number is growing.
Many people have allergies to certain food dyes.
Many people have allergies to scents.
Many people have amazing dramatic testimonies.
Many people have an address book full of email addresses.
Many people have an allergic reaction to bee and wasp venom.
Many people have an ambition to 'bag' all the summits.
Many people have an annual update that reviews how the plan is being implemented.
Many people have an artificial dichotomy about drugs.
Many people have an awful time dealing with their mistakes.
Many people have an emotional hang-up about the word sell.
Many people have an enviable capability to plan vacations well in advance of their travel dates.
Many people have an estate plan but fail to have a succession plan.
Many people have an ever-growing stack of garage sale boxes stashed in a corner.
Many people have an immediate and unfavorable reaction to insects.
Many people have an impression that telephone calls are, on the whole, pretty reliable.
Many people have an inherent fear of unnecessary radiation exposure.
Many people have an intense fear of heights.
Many people have an interest in law enforcement.
Many people have an interest in learning the hobby but have no direction.
Many people have an interest in plants because of their special properties.
Many people have an interest in the Internet.
Many people have an Internet account through their school or work.
Many people have an irrational fear of some huge bureaucratic monolith.
Many people have an isolated seizure at some time in their lives.
Many people have an old coat or two in their closet.
Many people have an option to include a car in the salary package offered by their employer.
Many people have an outdated and incorrect perception of what it is.
Many people have an undiagnosed allergy to dust mites.
Many people have an unfounded fear of nuclear power.
Many people have an unrealistic idea of their level of fitness.
Many people have and adopt deaf cats and dogs.
Many people have and are continuing to learn about recycling programs through educational tools.
Many people have and still do benefit from natural health products.
Many people have anemia without even knowing it.
Many people have answering machines or voice mail on their telephones.
Many people have arrangements to rideshare one or two days per week.
Many people have as a birth defect a tiny opening in the skin just above the anus.
Many people have asked for the trade secrets, so here they are.
Many people have assurance of salvation to one degree or another.
Many people have asthma without even knowing it.
Many people have asthma.
Many people have asthmatic attacks when they are exposed to allergens.
Many people have astigmatisms that are only corrected with prescription glasses.
Many people have asymptomatic gallstones for years without any problem.
Many people have at least one trunk in their lives.
Many people have at least two or three amongst their ancestral belongings.
Many people have back pain.
Many people have been involved in creating plans tha still await action.
Many people have better things to do than to play with meccano kits.
Many people have big misconceptions fuelled by the media of what the word hacker means.
Many people have big misconceptions, fuelled by the media, of what the word hacker means.
Many people have big parties on New Year's Eve.
Many people have bird feeders in their yards and enjoy birding by their windowsills.
Many people have blemishes well into their twenties, thirties . . . and even forties.
Many people have blisters and sores that come back after the first herpes attack goes away.
Many people have bloody cuts on their faces, necks and hands, as well as bloody clothing.
Many people have bobcats as pets.
Many people have bookreports and other stuff on their computers.
Many people have both a cc and ms account.
Many people have both a lover and a best friend, but few people have a lover who's a best friend.
Many people have both asthma and allergies.
Many people have both hypertension and diabetes.
Many people have both symptoms of anorexia and bulimia.
Many people have both types.
Many people have bouts of itching around the anus.
Many people have cabins inland from their homes, which they utilize in the winter.
Many people have callused skin, therefore a thicker needle is required.
Many people have ceiling fans.
Many people have certain beliefs or attitudes about cancer that are untrue or misleading.
Many people have children rather than buy new furniture.
Many people have common questions or problems in building their first or even second, canoe.
Many people have complex betting patterns based on the results of their previous hands.
Many people have compulsive thoughts and compulsive behaviors.
Many people have compulsive thoughts, and compulsive behaviors.
Many people have computer phobia, that generates more unemployment.
Many people have computer phobia, what generates more unemployment.
Many people have computer phobia, which generates more unemployment.
Many people have concerns about internet privacy.
Many people have concerns about pain medications.
Many people have concerns about privacy on the Internet.
Many people have concerns about proper nutrition and cancer treatment.
Many people have concerns about security when providing information via the Internet.
Many people have concerns about the cost of chiropractic care.
Many people have concerns about the quality of their workplace environment.
Many people have concerns about the water in other lands.
Many people have concerns about. . . .
Many people have concerns regarding the treatment of animals in professional rodeo.
Many people have concerns regarding the use of topical steroids and their side-effects.
Many people have conditions that are aggravated by using dry toilet tissue.
Many people have conflicting ideas about when and who first used the term.
Many people have continuing pain without a specific diagnosis.
Many people have cottages at lakes in Indiana and Michigan.
Many people have cottages on the lake and ride their boats during the summer.
Many people have creative ways to teach the keyboard particularly to the younger children.
Many people have custom waterfalls built into the habitat.
Many people have cynical views toward voting and general participation with our government.
Many people have dead eyes.
Many people have debris or dandruff that adheres to their hair shafts and can be mistaken for nits.
Many people have deep-seated fears about money.
Many people have delusions, beliefs that are obviously untrue to others.
Many people have demanding family and financial commitments.
Many people have depression .
Many people have depression.
Many people have diabetes but don t know it.
Many people have diabetes for about five years before they show the symptoms of diabetes.
Many people have diabetes for years before they are diagnosed.
Many people have diabetes without realizing.
Many people have died, the shops are empty, the restaurants too.
Many people have diets which lack the fiber needed to maintain healthy bowel function.
Many people have different addresses listed, and it's hard to keep up with the changes.
Many people have different beliefs on how to take clenbuterol.
Many people have different colors of irises.
Many people have different definitions of success.
Many people have different definitions of what a healthy dessert actually is.
Many people have different environmental preferences when drawing.
Many people have different ideas about what confidence means.
Many people have different interpretations of holding their glider.
Many people have different interpretations of what folklore is.
Many people have different kinds of animals for family pets.
Many people have different levels of privacy they wish to achieve.
Many people have different methods for introducing adults.
Many people have different methods that they like to use.
Many people have different opinions about the date and distance of the flight.
Many people have different opinions and different techniques.
Many people have different pieces of the picture.
Many people have different skin types on different parts of the face.
Many people have different tastes in music.
Many people have different theories as to the correct tension of the head of a banjo.
Many people have different views, but it is important to remember that no one knows for certain.
Many people have different ways of carrying their knowledge.
Many people have different ways of locating that source.
Many people have difficulties adjusting to stressful events.
Many people have difficulties to overcome cravings for foods like cereals, breads, pasta, potatoes.
Many people have difficulties with dairy products.
Many people have difficulty accepting the initial diagnosis.
Many people have difficulty adjusting to such a new environment.
Many people have difficulty articulating a clear vision for desired change.
Many people have difficulty asking for help.
Many people have difficulty being disciplined about their credit card use.
Many people have difficulty believing in some superstitions based on their own personal fears.
Many people have difficulty choosing a career.
Many people have difficulty creating and respecting healthy boundaries.
Many people have difficulty determining their ideal career direction.
Many people have difficulty differentiating between a cold and an allergic attack.
Many people have difficulty distinguishing an allergic reaction from a cold.
Many people have difficulty driving at night due to reduced visibility and annoying reflections.
Many people have difficulty finding their share.
Many people have difficulty finding time for their ordinary routine during the holidays.
Many people have difficulty getting a new pup to sleep through the night.
Many people have difficulty getting started because they are uncomfortable asking for donations.
Many people have difficulty getting to a library.
Many people have difficulty giving themselves love.
Many people have difficulty grasping abstract information spaces.
Many people have difficulty in getting past skin color when they look at other people.
Many people have difficulty making their songs rhyme and scan.
Many people have difficulty managing their angry feelings.
Many people have difficulty moving it at all.
Many people have difficulty paying off their debt.
Many people have difficulty putting their feelings into words.
Many people have difficulty telling the difference between termites and ant.
Many people have difficulty typing capital letters.
Many people have difficulty understanding self abuse.
Many people have difficulty using their hands, but are able to speak clearly.
Many people have difficulty washing wax out of their ears.
Many people have difficulty with flatulence when fiber is increased.
Many people have difficulty with mathematics.
Many people have difficulty with the concept of zero.
Many people have difficulty with the creative process.
Many people have diffusers in their offices to create an more pleasant working environment.
Many people have diseases which sap their energy.
Many people have doubts about our American society, but their disillusionment has been repressed.
Many people have dreams about deceased loved ones.
Many people have dreams for the future.
Many people have dreams of their chilhoods seeing themselves in their dreams as adults.
Many people have dreams of travel and adventure.
Many people have dreams that come true.
Many people have dreams they wish to come true.
Many people have dreams.
Many people have dysfunctional attitudes about sleep that can lead to a vicious spiral.
Many people have eating disorders .
Many people have either very few ideas about the church or ideas which are far from reality.
Many people have email accounts on various servers.
Many people have emotional values and views when they think of public lands.
Many people have enough credit to get a cash advance.
Many people have enough free-time.
Many people have entirely wrong preconceptions about the weather in the nordic countries.
Many people have even more opportunities to prevent waste at work or at school.
Many people have exactly the same feelings.
Many people have expectations about their credit that are way off base.
Many people have expectations that are far beyond their dog.
Many people have expressed how they liked it a lot, everyone has their own reasons.
Many people have false positive antibody tests.
Many people have fatty tumors in the legs.
Many people have favorite foods.
Many people have fear and are clueless as to the cause.
Many people have fears about sex, especially about first intercourse.
Many people have fears regarding lesser or so-called 'negatively orientated' entities.
Many people have feet of different sizes.
Many people have few or no resources to fall back on.
Many people have few or no symptoms of infection.
Many people have few symptoms, while others develop severe, life-threatening disease.
Many people have few, if any, digestive problems related to aging.
Many people have files of solutions and practice problems for exams etc.
Many people have filters set-up on their email programs.
Many people have firsthand experience with lower-back pain.
Many people have flexible travel time.
Many people have floaters.
Many people have fond memories of their early computing days.
Many people have food allergies.
Many people have foot problems because they wear the wrong footwear.
Many people have free websites with their internet service provider.
Many people have friends across the country and communicate via email.
Many people have friends or associates who have never had their hernia repaired.
Many people have fun naming streets.
Many people have gallstones without ever having symptoms.
Many people have gaps in their work history.
Many people have gifts in areas other than speaking.
Many people have goals that they fail to achieve.
Many people have goals.
Many people have good comments and accurate way of thing about topic.
Many people have good friends.
Many people have good ideas for a business but fail because of poor planning.
Many people have good ideas that make a positive impact on their business.
Many people have good ideas, but very few succeed.
Many people have good luck doing that.
Many people have grave concerns, on different levels and for many reasons.
Many people have great careers without having done well in high school.
Many people have great intentions when it comes to organ donation.
Many people have great products or services and a poorly designed web site.
Many people have great sites but fall so short of the glory of major sales on the internet.
Many people have greenhouses to extend the season and sneak in a few pampered fruit trees.
Many people have group health insurance while they are employed.
Many people have hand-phones to make easy contacts with others.
Many people have headaches which have both tension and migraine features.
Many people have health challenges such as allergies.
Many people have health coverage as a benefit of being employed.
Many people have health insurance, but no way to pay the bills when they are injured.
Many people have health problems due to poor water quality and malnutrition.
Many people have heart transplants.
Many people have hematuria without having any other related problems.
Many people have herpes and lead perfectly normal lives.
Many people have herpes.
Many people have hidden agendas that lead to back-stabbing and other schemes.
Many people have high blood pressure for many years without knowing about it.
Many people have high blood pressure for years without knowing it.
Many people have high blood pressure.
Many people have high toxin levels and are also infested with at least one kind of parasite.
Many people have hobbies.
Many people have home computers, who five years ago had never used one.
Many people have home made parkas, windpants, hats, mitts, and kamiks.
Many people have homeowners or life insurance.
Many people have honest, stable, egalitarian, and very fulfilling monogamous relationships.
Many people have horses well into their teens that still are working with a healthy mind and body.
Many people have hygienic concerns over receiving from the communion cup.
Many people have hypertensive 'and' diabetic nephropathy together.
Many people have ideas about what it is and how to treat it, and some people are very successful.
Many people have ideas on how to give web pages movement and interactivity.
Many people have in the past and do presently proclaim they teach a martial art.
Many people have incomes too low to make tax cuts much of an attraction.
Many people have inferior capcities.
Many people have inner conflicts with being successful.
Many people have insomnia.
Many people have insurance plans that cover prescription drugs.
Many people have insurance policies that have outlived their original purpose.
Many people have insurance policies that pay for part or all of therapy.
Many people have interesting stories to tell or have expertise in highly specialized fields.
Many people have internal modems.
Many people have Internet connections at work.
Many people have interracial and cross-cultural friendships, as do their children.
Many people have invisible disabilities .
Many people have IRAs at a number of different financial institutions.
Many people have IRAs or other tax-deferred retirement plans .
Many people have irrational fears which limit their daily existence.
Many people have irreplaceable personal paper documents.
Many people have it in their head that one has to take a class in a subject to learn about it.
Many people have it.
Many people have jobs in the timber industry.
Many people have jobs in the woods.
Many people have journals notebooks where they record the events of their daily lives.
Many people have large issues with providing service.
Many people have learning disabilities.
Many people have legitimate concerns about globalisation.
Many people have less control over the other aspects of the environment, particularly in the cities.
Many people have less income when they are just starting their careers than when they retire.
Many people have less severe symptoms and can handle a glass of milk.
Many people have less severe symptoms.
Many people have lessons learn from events in Russia.
Many people have life insurance policies that are no longer needed for their original purposes.
Many people have life insurance policies which are no longer needed for their original purposes.
Many people have lifelong associations with positive feelings after eating sweets.
Many people have limited space for their email.
Many people have little hope of improving the relationship.
Many people have little idea of what their insurance plan provides until a serious illness occurs.
Many people have little idea what Unity is.
Many people have little or no access to pastors.
Many people have little or no difficulty controlling their weight.
Many people have little or no fatigue at any time.
Many people have little or no knowledge of the Bible.
Many people have little or no nausea.
Many people have little tolerance for dirt.
Many people have lives, however, the truth is the truth and the mob was a big part of New Ken life.
Many people have long-lasting problems following exposure to trauma.
Many people have lots of ideas about the summer season.
Many people have lots of links dedicated to their interests and hobbies.
Many people have low arches and never have a problem.
Many people have lumpy lawns after the actions of winter weather and from poor lawn management.
Many people have ma ny different reasons for deciding to assemble a resume.
Many people have many different answers and reasons.
Many people have many different opinions as to what it represents and why it was painted.
Many people have many different suggestions.
Many people have many different types of hobbies.
Many people have many solutions.
Many people have massive, uncorrectable problems.
Many people have medical conditions that affect their ability to eat certain foods.
Many people have medical problems that can only be relieved with the use of marijuana.
Many people have membership in more than one chapter.
Many people have memory problems, depression or anxiety.
Many people have metal in their bodies.
Many people have metal sensitivity which can be aggravated by placing it right on the skin.
Many people have mild flulike symptoms and never go to hospital for testing.
Many people have mild symptoms or have periods of variable symptom severity.
Many people have millions of dust mites that live in the hair and skin mites.
Many people have minimal inconvenience once they get help.
Many people have misconceptions about cremation.
Many people have misconceptions about design and technology.
Many people have misconceptions about the ancient Greek theatre.
Many people have misconceptions about window tinting for their homes.
Many people have misconceptions about window tinting.
Many people have misconceptions of city life.
Many people have misconceptions or believe it is possible only in other cultures.
Many people have misconceptions or stereotypes of homeschooling.
Many people have misinformation about adoption.
Many people have misunderstandings about tasawwuf.
Many people have misunderstood what it means to be a feminist.
Many people have mixed feelings about regifting.
Many People Have Mixed Feelings About Sex.
Many people have mixed feelings on the subject, while others are strictly for or against.
Many people have mixed views about the Communications Decency Act and similar proposals.
Many people have moderate feelings of self -consciousness.
Many people have moments of despair.
Many people have more dandelions than they care to deal with in their yards.
Many people have more energy and feel better after transplantation.
Many people have more music files on their computers than they know about.
Many people have more success going down the right hand side and banking in.
Many people have more than one anxiety disorder.
Many people have more than one computer in their home as well as printers or copiers.
Many people have more than one disability.
Many people have more than one eating disorder.
Many people have more than one email account to keep track of.
Many people have more than one email address.
Many people have more than one limitation.
Many people have more than one pair of snowshoes for different kinds of conditions.
Many people have more than one pair, for different kinds of conditions.
Many people have more than one partner in their life, a love, a passion.
Many people have more than one soul mate to work with in a lifetime.
Many people have much worse childhoods and never take drugs.
Many people have multiple email addresses and web sites have long titles.
Many people have multiple email addresses, and companies are likely to have multiple addresses too.
Many people have multiple employers, are self-employed, unemployed, etc.
Many people have multiple jobs just to make ends meet.
Many people have musculoskeletal pain which is frequently caused by inflammation.
Many people have myths, fears, and stereotypes about people with disabilities.
Many people have negative attitudes toward long-term breastfeeding.
Many people have negative expectations for performance appraisals.
Many people have negative experiences and fear for their wellbeing as a result.
Many people have negative feelings towards diabetes.
Many people have negative preconceptions about counseling based upon stereotypes.
Many people have negative preconceptions about therapy based upon stereotypes.
Many people have neighbors with skills, from fixing lawn mowers to playing a concert grand.
Many people have neurological impairment or long-term neuromuscular effects.
Many people have new actinic keratoses each year.
Many people have nice homes.
Many people have no access to information that is relevant and useful.
Many people have no access to schools, hospitals or clean water.
Many people have no background in the Christian faith to fall back upon for definitions of terms.
Many people have no children in school and are remote from education.
Many people have no concept of how much of their precious time they give away to the boob tube.
Many people have no doubt of it.
Many people have no farther to go to enjoy a reservoir than their own backyard.
Many people have no framework for reference, especially for aquatic therapy.
Many people have no goals or their goals are too trivial.
Many people have no idea about the power of the internet.
Many people have no idea about what modern midwifery is or why it's a good thing.
Many people have no idea how extensive animal testing is in the cosmetic industry.
Many people have no idea how little time their exhibit has, in front of the judge, to impress.
Many people have no idea how many feral cats are out there.
Many people have no idea how much of a two way process the web can be.
Many people have no idea how to go about getting a job in the development field.
Many people have no idea how to read below the surface.
Many people have no idea of the amount of time or money involved in rescue.
Many people have no idea of what compression is and what it means.
Many people have no idea of what southern manhood is all about.
Many people have no idea that some chickens can lay colored eggs.
Many people have no idea what amateur radio is .
Many people have no idea what it takes to get on the shelf.
Many people have no idea what probate is all about.
Many people have no idea what their incomes are worth.
Many people have no idea what their timber is worth.
Many people have no idea what they are going to do for their hours.
Many people have no idea what title insurance is.
Many people have no idea where they are going in life and as a result, they never get anywhere.
Many people have no idea where to begin with their ideas.
Many people have no knowledge of any prior heart problems.
Many people have no or mild symptoms.
Many people have no other way of getting their groceries home.
Many people have no paid employment.
Many people have no place listed and sometimes the place listed seems doubtful.
Many people have no problem at all eating mushrooms however.
Many people have no problem sending sensitive data via e-mail.
Many people have no problem wedding the theory of evolution with their belief in a higher power.
Many people have no problems sending sensitive data via e-mail.
Many people have no problems with their eyes, yet they can' t see.
Many people have no problems, and others react only mildly.
Many people have no reaction with alcohol.
Many people have no real faith.
Many people have no reason to ever take the risk of speed descending, while others thrive on it.
Many people have no rooting.
Many people have no side effects.
Many people have no smoke detectors in their homes.
Many people have no symptoms and are often unaware they have the virus.
Many people have no symptoms and are unaware they are infected.
Many people have no symptoms and most are discovered by routine chest x-ray.
Many people have no symptoms at all, some acquire mild flu-like illnesses.
Many people have no symptoms at all.
Many people have no symptoms but are still infected and able to transmit the virus.
Many people have no symptoms or mild symptoms.
Many people have no symptoms other than the rash.
Many people have no symptoms until they suffer chest pains or a heart attack.
Many people have no symptoms when the disease first arises.
Many people have no symptoms.
Many people have no victory in the practical everyday aspects of life.
Many people have nothing bigger than themselves to live for.
Many people have numerous misconceptions about weightlifting and powerlifting.
Many people have occasional sleepless nights.
Many people have one fear or another.
Many people have one foot larger than the other.
Many people have one or more food sensitivities.
Many people have one profile they prefer over the other.
Many people have one seizure and never have another.
Many people have one.
Many people have only a couple.
Many people have only a dim awareness of their own deeply embedded life interests.
Many people have only a few basic methods such as fight or flight.
Many people have only a limited awareness of what goes on outside their own department.
Many people have only a vague understanding of how independent living centers operate.
Many people have only wild fruit, leaves and roots to live on.
Many people have other dependents they have to take care of.
Many people have other problems and priorities.
Many people have out of date, or in correct information contained on our credit reports .
Many people have outdoor mud stoves for cooking .
Many people have outdoor mud stoves for cooking.
Many people have pain from cancer that spreads to bone.
Many people have pain often, or perhaps only once or twice a year.
Many people have partial awakenings.
Many people have partial or complete loss of hearing, a condition known as deafness.
Many people have passions and vocations.
Many people have peer-reviewed aspects of the home page.
Many people have peers - except the truly original thinker and doer.
Many people have periodic attacks that last from three to six months.
Many people have personal web pages that tell about themselves.
Many people have personal Web sites and e-mail addresses.
Many people have pets at home, and some even have pets in their classroom at school.
Many people have pets.
Many people have photos in their collections that are undeniably old, but are unidentifiable.
Many people have photos of themselves with their first car, which they fondly recall.
Many people have photos without the names of all the folks in the pictures.
Many people have physical difficulties because of illnesses or accidents.
Many people have physical reactions to things called allergens.
Many people have pneumococci in their noses and throats but have no symptoms.
Many people have political reasons to desire high income tax rates on the earnings of the rich.
Many people have poor attendance records.
Many people have poor timing when they first begin to teach dogs.
Many people have poor writing skills.
Many people have power and use it appropriately within regulatory freedom.
Many people have practical concerns about health care and health insurance.
Many people have pre-conceived notions about their spouses or children that hamper communication.
Many people have preference for brunette and black hair as most people of the world have dark hair.
Many people have problems at an interpersonal level and are unhappy in their relationships .
Many people have problems caused by their occupations.
Many people have problems getting past appearance to reach the substance.
Many people have problems getting their site listed.
Many people have problems getting used to wearing the mask while sleeping.
Many people have problems of one kind or another.
Many people have problems with clogged sinuses or a stuffy nose.
Many people have problems with lively horses.
Many people have problems with opening it.
Many people have problems with rage and anger control.
Many people have problems with spam.
Many people have problems with specific grains, particularly wheat .
Many people have problems with the apostrophe.
Many people have problems with the inhumanity infections in the human population.
Many people have problems with their cars.
Many people have problems with their conventional nylon cups leaking.
Many people have problems with their sleep, appetite, alertness etc.
Many people have problems with unwanted fat deposits that remain despite exercise and diet.
Many people have products or services that they'd like to trade with other people.
Many people have profound relationships with animals.
Many people have programs that explain concepts about the environment.
Many people have psychic talents .
Many people have public speaking abilities.
Many people have queries about drugs, side effects, and drug interactions.
Many people have questions about archaeology, what archaeologists do, and the latest discoveries.
Many people have questions about carrying guns outside their home states.
Many people have questions about cat ownership.
Many people have questions about courses, admissions policies, and program alternatives.
Many people have questions about donating blood.
Many people have questions about how to deal with unwanted hair.
Many people have questions about jury duty.
Many people have questions about lawn care and landscaping.
Many people have questions about mosquitoes.
Many people have questions about nakedness in the home.
Many people have questions about seele .
Many people have questions about the actual process for document scanning.
Many people have questions about the kind of material they can donate to the library.
Many people have questions about the operation and care of animal in our facilities.
Many people have questions about the options available for memorialization.
Many people have questions about the role of medication in assertive community treatment.
Many people have questions about their ability to donate blood.
Many people have questions about what equipment is necessary.
Many people have questions about what it is like to be lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender.
Many people have questions about what it's like to take a Royal Caribbean vacation.
Many people have questions on belief, faith, and hope.
Many people have questions on the catholic faith and issues related to our faith.
Many people have questions or concerns about the construction field.
Many people have questions regarding the hiring process of a person with a disability.
Many people have questions regarding the treatment of animals in professional rodeo.
Many people have questions regarding their credit scores.
Many people have real challenges in their relationships with other people.
Many people have reconstructive surgery after such a large weight loss.
Many people have related runner's high to the feeling of an orgasm.
Many people have relationship dreams and expectations.
Many people have relatives, friends or business associates in Israel.
Many people have repetitive jobs.
Many people have reported no difference, so why waste money.
Many people have reservations about giving credit card info over the Internet.
Many people have reservations about using violence to protect themselves.
Many people have reservations about vacationing with a group of strangers.
Many people have rhododendrons in their garden or flower pot .
Many people have rhododendrons in their garden or flower pot.
Many people have said that is something sounds too good to be true, then it probably is.
Many people have same-sex encounters as young teens.
Many people have satellite TV that provides hundreds of channels for viewing.
Many people have schedules which don t allow for convenient childcare needs.
Many people have securities that have increased greatly in value since their purchase.
Many people have selective hearing.
Many people have sensitive or confidential data on their personal computers.
Many people have serious cabin fever.
Many people have serious reservations about giving out personal information on the web.
Many people have several favorites.
Many people have severe enough side-effects to warrant discontinuation of treatment.
Many people have severe esthetic damage to their front teeth.
Many people have sex because of psychological pressures.
Many people have signs of heart disease before they reach that stage.
Many people have similar basic questions.
Many people have similar challenges with eye contact and conversational skills.
Many people have similar challenges, yet have been successful finding personal solutions.
Many people have similar problems and can be treated with physical therapy and anti-inflammatories.
Many people have similar recollections.
Many people have single parents.
Many people have situations, times, or activities that stimulate eating.
Many people have skills and abilities they are unaware of or take for granted.
Many people have slight astigmatism.
Many people have sluggish colons.
Many people have small numbers of goats.
Many people have some degree of far sightedness.
Many people have some degree of mitral prolapse and it is most frequently diagnosed in young women.
Many people have some degree of periodontal disease and actively engage in deep kissing.
Many people have some difficulty using an aerosol inhaler.
Many people have some form of disability insurance through their employer.
Many people have some hesitation about doing business over the internet.
Many people have some misconceptions about the protest.
Many people have some mistaken ideas about insulin treatment.
Many people have some preconceived idea that natural apple cider vinegar is harmful to the body.
Many people have some sort of disability which impairs their ability to communicate.
Many people have some views about intelligence, such as being smart, talented, or hard working.
Many people have something against companies, no matter which one it is.
Many people have soul power, the positive qualities of the soul.
Many people have soup or salad before the main course.
Many People have special bionutritional needs that can be supported by nutritional supplements.
Many people have special bionutritional needs that can be supported by supplements.
Many people have special folders on their computers specifically for Internet downloads.
Many people have special nutritional needs that can be supported through the use of supplements.
Many people have specific questions about Catholic practice and teaching.
Many people have stacks of home videos that they'd like to share with relatives.
Many people have STDs without any symptoms.
Many people have stocks that have greatly increased in value since their purchase.
Many people have stomach aches, skin rashes and they often cough up blood.
Many people have stories like that.
Many people have stories of losing data or having other problems due to viruses.
Many people have stories of mistakenly or accidentally deleting very important files.
Many people have strange beliefs about Finland, if they have heard about it at all.
Many people have strange or unhealthy eating habits.
Many people have strong attitudes that institutions created an unhealthy environment.
Many people have strong expectations to have certain foods at certain times and places.
Many people have strong feelings about abortion as an issue.
Many people have strong feelings about purebred dogs, especially the characteristics of the breed.
Many people have strong feelings about the administration of food and water.
Many people have strong feelings against using chemicals in water.
Many people have strong opinions about illicit drugs.
Many people have strong opinions about it.
Many people have strong preferences.
Many people have strong views already about whether China is fully capitalist.
Many people have study groups or study together here.
Many people have subtle allergies to some foods, and each metabolism is different.
Many people have success using commercial repellents in their garden.
Many people have success with wristbands that prevent motion sickness.
Many people have such a gait.
Many people have such a pleasant experience, they choose to return year after year.
Many people have such drives, so they're fairly useful for file swapping.
Many people have sufficient experience and confidence to work with wood.
Many people have suicidal thoughts at some time during their lives.
Many people have suicidal thoughts or feelings at some point in their lives.
Many people have summer homes and cottages, their retreat from the big cities.
Many people have sumnambular jerks, or seizure like spasms during the onset of sleep.
Many people have symptoms around their bottoms.
Many people have symptoms of a cold or the flu when they get the virus.
Many people have tarantula's as pets.
Many people have tattoos, different hair colors, and many other styles.
Many people have tent caterpillars in their trees right now.
Many people have that tendency, especially if they grew up with an inferiority complex . . .
Many people have the ability to step into another s shoes.
Many people have the attitude that A fire only happens to other people.
Many people have the belief that it promotes friendship between other countries.
Many people have the custom of wearing white clothing, symbolizing purity.
Many people have the desire to write the great American novel but don t know where to begin.
Many people have the disease long before it is detected.
Many people have the dream of appearing on television.
Many people have the dream of training a young horse without knowing how to even begin.
Many people have the erroneous idea that the intestines actually secrete digestive enzymes.
Many people have the experience and confidence necessary to work with wood.
Many people have the expertise but never taken any action.
Many people have the false impression that a web site is nothing more than a brochure.
Many people have the feeling they have lost their roots.
Many people have the germ, and it's usually harmless.
Many people have the goal of finding the best possible equipment for their character.
Many people have the 'grey planes' problem when their map becomes too complex.
Many people have the habit of skipping any article when the first page is largely quoted material.
Many people have the habit of skipping any article whose first page is largely quoted material.
Many people have the habit of using certain fallacies without noticing it.
Many people have the hardest time with math and writing.
Many people have the herpes virus.
Many people have the idea that yoga is an exercise plan best performed by contortionists.
Many people have the idea today that marriage was created for adults who want to have a partner.
Many people have the impression that high protein diets are unhealthy.
Many people have the impression that mathematical research is largely a solitary pursuit.
Many people have the impression that poisonings happen only to children.
Many people have the impression that today beggars are everywhere in Moscow.
Many people have the malformation, but no discomfort.
Many people have the mentality that people are homeless because it's their fault.
Many people have the misconception that a masonry house is unaffordable.
Many people have the misconception that a parent needs to have a teaching certificate.
Many people have the misconception that federal government is some kind of supreme power.
Many people have the misconception that kava is a sedative.
Many people have the misconception that living trusts are only for the wealthy.
Many people have the misconception that nordic skiing is like walking on skis, on flat terrain.
Many people have the misconception that silver contains nickel which is indeed a toxic metal.
Many people have the mistaken belief that all health truths are widely known and well publicized.
Many people have the mistaken belief that tsunamis are single waves.
Many people have the mistaken idea that central aire conditioning is a luxury beyond their reach.
Many people have the mistaken idea that enclosed cabs protect extra riders.
Many people have the mistaken idea that exercise is a fabulous way to lose weight.
Many people have the mistaken idea that fleas just make their dog itch.
Many people have the mistaken idea that it is a cheaper form of construction for housing.
Many people have the mistaken notion that crates are cruel to the dog.
Many people have the mistaken notion that faith is passive in nature.
Many people have the mistaken notion that, being natural, all herbs and foods are safe.
Many people have the notion that there are times of good markets and bad markets.
Many people have the opinion that a homosexual lifestyle is wrong.
Many people have the opposite problem, they talk a lot, but find dialogue difficult to write.
Many people have the perception that crossbows are more like guns than bows.
Many people have the perception that the money used to fund the hospital is state tax money.
Many people have the right aims in life - they just never get around to pulling the trigger.
Many people have the right goal, but they try to reach it by the wrong means.
Many people have the same last name and share a common ancestor in the lineage's founder.
Many people have the same last name, and some even have the same initials.
Many people have the same name and improper recording of data occurs.
Many people have the same problem.
Many people have the same questions when ordering live maine lobster online.
Many people have the same styles and elements.
Many people have the serious problem of subconsciously grinding their teeth.
Many people have the technical know-how to create a web site.
Many people have the tendency to overcompensate for a personal or family deficiency or failure.
Many people have the time to set up their own mailing programs.
Many people have the virus and are contagious even if there are no visible lesions on the genitals.
Many people have the wrong idea about peng jing.
Many people have the wrong idea or attitude about golf.
Many people have the wrong impression of engineers.
Many people have the wrong opinion of what swinging is.
Many people have their abdomen, waist and thighs reduced.
Many people have their ads published in large, high-circulation, general newspapers or magazines.
Many people have their browser pull-up their favorite search site.
Many people have their browsers set to override some of the colors programmed into web sites.
Many people have their chair too high.
Many people have their computers affected by problems caused by the unsafe use of email.
Many people have their computers set to block cookies.
Many people have their doubts.
Many people have their email clients set up to send HTML posts.
Many people have their eyes turned constantly backward.
Many people have their favorite places to hunt.
Many people have their favourite method of analysis.
Many people have their gallbladders removed, and the surgery usually goes well.
Many people have their gifts mailed directly from the manufacturer to the recipient.
Many people have their homes right along the river.
Many people have their idea of a perfect gravy.
Many people have their ideas and they seem to change as technology changes and outsourcing matures.
Many people have their opinions as to what is wrong with boxing.
Many people have their own definitions of sexual abstinence.
Many people have their own ideas about what foods to consume around athletic events.
Many people have their own opinions regarding proper critter diets.
Many people have their own web sites.
Many people have their property owned in joint tenancy.
Many people have their quick-release wheels and seats stolen.
Many people have their sole source of income as wages.
Many people have their trees trimmed especially for the holiday.
Many people have their trees trimmed special for the holiday.
Many people have their type of music and in schools there is a wide variety of musical tastes.
Many people have there own ways of beating the tremendous heat outside.
Many people have things they have planned to do for a long time, but have never done.
Many people have things to hide.
Many people have thirty-twos.
Many people have thoughts of suicide at some point in their life.
Many people have thoughts of suicide at some time during their lives.
Many people have thousands of dollars in credit.
Many people have three-sided fences with the house open to the pool.
Many people have tight muscles in the neck and shoulders.
Many people have to be corrupt to survive.
Many people have to be engaged continually in making money.
Many people have to be the best, be the top dog, or have the most followers, or make the most money.
Many people have to be treated for at least two years.
Many people have to borrow money when a financial crisis occurs.
Many people have to borrow to pay for some or all of the fees.
Many people have to come together to work as hard as they can to get things going.
Many people have to count the pennies more than they did and seek out bargains.
Many people have to deal with manual conversion, which is time consuming.
Many people have to go to Mexico for a more realistic price of the medication.
Many people have to hold down more than one job to make ends meet.
Many people have to learn how to get a healthy, confident perspective on themselves and their lives.
Many people have to learn new skills, or relearn old ones, following a brain injury.
Many people have to make their own definitions and categorize themselves individually.
Many people have to manage there stress to deal with it.
Many people have to miss days at work or school to cope with the symptoms.
Many people have to miss work to make the long wait.
Many people have to read something at least seven times before they start getting it.
Many people have to relocate across the country to follow a job opportunity.
Many people have to send mail back and forth to users of older mail systems.
Many people have to share limited space.
Many people have to ship their pets on commercial flights.
Many people have to spend a large amount of time away from home.
Many people have to spend much of their time working just to pay their way through college.
Many people have to submit their plans for approval before they can build.
Many people have to survive on less than a dollar a day.
Many people have to take the tests more than once.
Many people have to try numerous approaches until they find one that works.
Many people have to use more of the drug and use it more often.
Many people have to wait for a kidney from a person who has died.
Many people have to wait for life-saving operations because of the shortage of blood.
Many people have to wait years for a starship command.
Many people have to work long hours for shit pay.
Many people have to work on teams in their workplaces.
Many people have to work two and even three jobs to make a living today.
Many people have too much credit card debt.
Many people have too much iron in their bodies.
Many people have too much to live on and too little to live for.
Many people have traditional beliefs about the origins of corn.
Many people have traditions of sharing at the table the things that they are thankful for.
Many people have traditions when it comes to ringing in the new year.
Many people have trouble accepting their needs.
Many people have trouble being diagnosed and having their pain treated adequately.
Many people have trouble breathing.
Many people have trouble closing letters.
Many people have trouble deciphering call numbers.
Many people have trouble distinguishing between their skills and duties.
Many people have trouble doing that.
Many people have trouble driving, paying bills and shopping.
Many people have trouble finding auto insurance that covers the newly democratic Eastern states.
Many people have trouble finding auto insurance that covers the newly independent Eastern states.
Many people have trouble finding subjects on the internet.
Many people have trouble finding their way to and through airports.
Many people have trouble getting paint removers to work.
Many people have trouble getting started, so begin the process of brainstorming early.
Many people have trouble keeping track of their purchases on credit cards.
Many people have trouble making rotating objects.
Many people have trouble monitoring their sodium and fat intake.
Many people have trouble opening a text editor, much less be able to recoginize a nasty command.
Many people have trouble putting it down.
Many people have trouble remembering things sometimes, so it's nothing to be embarrassed about.
Many people have trouble seeing a problem.
Many people have trouble taking a broad topic and narrowing it down to something more manageable.
Many people have trouble taking their supplements due to their busy schedule.
Many people have trouble understanding the concept of how the server.mappath command works.
Many people have trouble using the cache file, and end up accidentally recording corrupt data.
Many people have trouble with formal networking, especially as a job search strategy.
Many people have trouble with popping sounds when they open their jaw.
Many people have trouble with reliability of larger home made motor controllers.
Many people have trouble with the initial installation.
Many people have trouble with watermarks simply because they forget to turn off the wrapping.
Many people have trouble writing powerful, effectiveletters.
Many people have two ceremonies of different faiths back to back.
Many people have two jobs, and kids typically spend summers working odd jobs to save extra money.
Many people have two or even all three elements in their constitution.
Many people have two or more mental health problems.
Many people have unconscious goals and wishes that are buried deep in their personality.
Many people have understandable anguish over the suffering in the world.
Many people have university degrees so they know a lot.
Many people have unrealistic expectations about the amount of money they can make working in Alaska.
Many people have unreasonable expectations of their spouses and friends.
Many people have unwanted fur coats, hats, wraps, etc.
Many people have vacation homes here that are used as a get-away on the weekends.
Many people have vacation houses is around the club.
Many people have valuable knowledge about the plants and animals in their communities.
Many people have various types of abnormal heartbeats.
Many people have very different expectations of what is reasonable .
Many people have very few or mild toxin-elimination response.
Many people have very good skills, but lack personal qualities.
Many people have very little experience and no training in how to interview.
Many people have very little information.
Many people have very luxurius caravanes.
Many people have very positive responses to zoloft after the initial period.
Many people have volunteer impatiens each season, and never replant again.
Many people have Web pages with too many nested tables, which can cause slow or sloppy rendering.
Many people have web space that comes with their email account.
Many people have weight difficulties as a result of disordered eating and lack of exercise.
Many people have what is called a limited range of motion.
Many people have wonderful character but poor leadership skills.
Many people have wonderfully fragrant candles, soaps or potpourri in their homes.
Many people have wood stoves or kerosene heaters, and oil lamps.
Many people have wooden boxes to hold their trash bags to help eliminate the bear problem.
Many people have wrong and damaging ideas on the subject.
Many people have yet to deal with their baggage.
Many people have yet to understand the magnitude of the available resources on the Internet.
Many people have, during their childhood.
Many people have, muses the genie philosophically.
Many people have.
Many people having sex at the same time are the same being.
Many people head for warmer climes during the winter.
Many people head for water, either lakes or water parks where they can cool off for hours at a time.
Many people head into the first gate they see and never get the feel of the park.
Many people head out for work each day without realizing the danger involved.
Many people hear about a site initially via non-internet channels.
Many people hear about the idea.
Many people hear noises for several minutes.
Many people hear the message, as our increasing enrollments can attest.
Many people hear voices when no one is there.
Many people hear voices when there's nobody there.
Many people heat their homes with wood-burning stoves instead of gas or electricity.
Many people help by doing what they can to collect donations.
Many people help construct our attitudes at a certain time and place.
Many people help others within the genealogical community in a variety of ways.
Many people help out by sewing a few items at home between camps.
Many people help out directly in classrooms.
Many people help to provide higher education to people in the South Branch area.
Many people here are against killing animals for sport.
Many people here are believers now.
Many people here are highly educated.
Many people here are homeless.
Many people here are in a vulnerable state of mind.
Many people here are oblivious to traffic and children while they're talking on their cell phone.
Many people here are self-sufficient.
Many people here believe that men are made in such a way that they have to be with many women.
Many people here do interdisciplinary work, both on their own and through collaboration.
Many people here enjoy boating, sailing and water sports.
Many people here feel that way.
Many people here have little faith in the current ceasefire.
Many people here heat their homes with natural gas and propane.
Many people here hold the Saudi nationality.
Many people here love to eat food with lots of chili.
Many people here say the zone has merely served to let the rebels fortify themselves.
Many people here speak their own way.
Many people hesitate and miss that window of opportunity.
Many people hesitate to act as the second generation people.
Many people hesitate to contact others for fear of imposing or asking for help.
Many people hesitate to discuss new ideas with experts because they fear they'll be stolen.
Many people hesitate to make salsa because it involves lots of time-consuming chopping.
Many people hesitate to network because they feel awkward asking for help.
Many people hide an almond in the bowl of rice pudding.
Many people hide behind their smallness.
Many people hide it and keep it in.
Many people highly recommend a full moon night dive on the wreck.
Many people highly recommend a night dive on the wreck.
Many people hike the crater for a spectacular view of Honolulu.
Many people hike up the trail on vacations and hiking trips.
Many people hire a party-planner for their weddings.
Many people hire web designers and agencies to design, publish, and maintain a web site.
Many people hit camp, drop their bags and go down to the lake to fish or swim.
Many people hold all sorts of interpretations.
Many people hold back on love to be safe.
Many people hold conscious and unconscious stereotypes of all ethnicities.
Many people hold down military jobs that relate directly to their civilian careers.
Many people hold in their emotions.
Many people hold onto grief for various reasons.
Many people hold opinions or views because they're blocked with emotional or prejudicial reasons.
Many people hold out the possibility that the Internet can be used to enhance community.
Many people hold outdated ideas about eating disorders.
Many people hold parts of the puzzle, but no-one carries the complete picture.
Many people hold religious beliefs that they find powerful and transformative.
Many people hold that the khimaar' is a covering for the face.
Many people hold that there is no such thing as objective or absolute reality.
Many people hold that view.
Many people hold the mousing wrist up in extension for hours, instead of relaxing it.
Many people hold the real estate until they double in value.
Many people hold their bank accounts and homes in joint tenancy.
Many people hold their wedding ceremony in the Meadows, a large grassy area overlooking Spring Lake.
Many people homeschool for religious or other reasons.
Many people hook diffusers up to a timer, which allows it to turn on and off automatically.
Many people hop in and out of investments all too frequently.
Many people hope that by filing bankruptcy, they'll earn a new beginning in their financial lives.
Many people hope that the internet finally guarantees the freedom of speech.
Many people hope to catch the eclipse in their webcam.
Many people hope to contribute something valuable to society.
Many people hope to never see the inside of a courtroom.
Many people identify as bisexual for their entire life.
Many people identify Marketing only with sales and advertising, but it is much more.
Many people identify their role as a worker as an important source of worth and self-esteem.
Many people identify with horses.
Many people ignore debts when they experience financial difficulty.
Many people ignore delegation because they've never been taught how to use it effectively.
Many people ignore or reject the intuitive sense and their lives lack for the bounty it can provide.
Many people ignore problems until it's too late and employment is jeopardized.
Many people ignore that fact.
Many people ignore the cooking part entirely to listen to the poorly done voice-overs.
Many people ignore the fact that Mexico is an integral part of the Western World.
Many people ignore the importance of a shroud.
Many people ignore the importance of the environment in shaping human thoughts and actions.
Many people ignore the last two in their eagerness to climb the ladder.
Many people ignore the law.
Many people ignore warnings and fail to take simple, preventative measures to protect their feet.
Many people imagine business owners to be independent, successful, and wealthy.
Many people imagine it is an evidence of a high spirit to be quick-tempered.
Many people imagine outer space to be a complete vacuum, devoid of any material.
Many people imagine sex and some imagine emotional closeness as they make love.
Many people imagine that research is something that only scientists do.
Many people imagine the reverse.
Many people immediately associate Austria with music.
Many people immediately form an image of what that person looks like.
Many people implement LANs with very little planning or foresight.
Many people inappropriately believe that divorce means that they have failed.
Many people including family and friends have disagreements.
Many people incorporate a planned gift into their estate and financial planning.
Many people incorporate risk review into other regularly scheduled project reviews.
Many people incorrectly assume that creative thinking is a special gift, bestowed on only a few.
Many people incorrectly assume that most fatal crashes occur during bad weather, at night etc.
Many people incorrectly assume that severe pain is an indication of a ruptured disc.
Many people incorrectly believe that anyone can build a web site.
Many people incorrectly believe that it takes big changes today to make big changes in their future.
Many people incorrectly diagnose their press problems.
Many people incorrectly think females to be more affectionate than males.
Many people incorrectly think soap dissolves oil.
Many people incorrectly think that herbs grow better in poor soil.
Many people increase the size of the pointer arrow here.
Many people increase the size of the pointer arrowhere.
Many people increase their tooth grinding and clenching when under stress.
Many people indicate that herbal drugs have little impact.
Many people indicate that work-site child care is helpful in attaining their career goals.
Many people infect their partners without meaning to.
Many people influence other people without a request.
Many people informally classify animals as either vertebrates or invertebrates.
Many people informally refer to the horse mule as a john mule.
Many people ingest their mushrooms as tea without needing to increase the quantity used.
Many people inhale particles of such metals, either on the job or from air pollution.
Many people inhale the spores and never become ill.
Many people inherit allergies from their parents.
Many people inherit the predisposition to being overweight.
Many people initially ask that question when talking about careers in accounting.
Many people initially balk at the declarative programming style and unusual development environment.
Many people initially enter the chiropractor's office for a health problem.
Many people initially find the diet somewhat bland.
Many people initially get into tape trading by searching for a copy of a concert they attended.
Many people initially get severe chills.
Many people initially see no-till seedbeds as messy, unkept and poorly managed.
Many people initiate ESOPs by thinking that they are succession plans.
Many people inject or snort crystal meth.
Many people injure themselves by incorrect stretching.
Many people injure themselves just when they are getting started.
Many people injure themselves skating each year.
Many people innovate in all three spaces.
Many people inquire about job placement.
Many people inquire about our curious company name.
Many people inquire about registing their boat in the State of Delaware.
Many people inquire about specific stipend amounts.
Many people inquire about the recumbent state of our Osage orange.
Many people insert graphics in place of the numbers.
Many people insist on a specific color, pin striping or even graphics for their car.
Many people insist than extraterrestrial beings regularly visit planet Earth.
Many people insist that certain drinks taste better out of a glass bottles than out of plastic ones.
Many people insist that only a system that includes a dual-homed gateway is a firewall.
Many people insist that the best solution is a greater degree of tolerance.
Many people install home networks to share a printer or high-speed Internet access.
Many people install more than one rear flasher.
Many people install nets as soon as the ice is safe enough to go on.
Many people instantly connect evolution with fossils, the fossil record, and abiogenesis.
Many people instantly picture an individual with slicked back hair and heavy cologne.
Many people insure for the entire daily cost.
Many people insure their home and car.
Many people insure their homes to an amount equal to their mortgage.
Many people insure their homes, health and vehicles.
Many people intend to invest the difference.
Many people interchangeably use marriage and civil union erroneously.
Many people interpret it as members of the clergy with far left or of very liberal ideology.
Many people interpret it as the advertising and promotional side of the business.
Many people interrupt themselves while working.
Many people intuitively know what to do when presented with a form to complete.
Many people invent an opposite gender personality as well.
Many people invest a substantial amount of time organizing hundreds of bookmarks.
Many people invest because they consider it to be a competitive game.
Many people invest for cash flow .
Many people invest in corporate bonds.
Many people invest in furniture pieces.
Many people invest in security systems, but they have never been robbed.
Many people involved in a family law case are unable to afford a lawyer.
Many people involved in mountain rescue have primary paying jobs in other fields to make a living.
Many people involved in the production and sales of pop culture products are also aficionados.
Many people involved still read and collect comic books themselves.
Many people involved with tourism speak English.
Many people is always better then just one.
Many people is are convinced that our planet have has been visited by creatures from outer space.
Many people jam into subway trains during rush hours.
Many people jog or ride bicycles along the right of way.
Many people join a church, at first, because it meets their needs.
Many people join both.
Many people join fleets or clubs specifically for the social activities.
Many people join in charity and fun cycle events.
Many people join multiple environmental groups.
Many people join one, are discouraged and quit.
Many people join professional trade associations for access to current industry information.
Many people join pyramids in the belief that they're actually joining a multilevel marketing plan.
Many people join sports teams to get in shape.
Many people join the course to update their professional skills.
Many people join the groups only to get credit.
Many people join the military in order to earn money for college.
Many people join the Net from their homes where they feel relaxed and safe.
Many people join together to purchase units.
Many people join with little or no experience of public speaking.
Many people joke that Arkansas and Mississippi are perennially at the bottom of most state measures.
Many people jot the number down.
Many people journal intermittently, some only during a workshop.
Many people journey deep into the woods with tents and campers.
Many people journey here every morning.
Many people judge jumping off a bridge while tied to a large rubber band to be very risky.
Many people judge the success of their Web site by how much traffic it generates.
Many people jump ahead to trying on the shoes without checking the length and width of each foot.
Many people jump into it without learning the ropes of the Internet.
Many people jump river.
Many people just add the loose leaves to the pot without worrying about the tea ball, though.
Many people just assume that any case of diarrhea in a dog is from parvovirus.
Many people just browse, learn what they can, and leave without spending any money.
Many people just can t handle adversity and either can t or won t be a part of it.
Many people just choose their favorites and get more experimental, the more often they visit.
Many people just choose to set aside twice as much disk space as they have RAM space.
Many people just close their eyes and completely relax.
Many people just close their eyes and relax completely during a massage.
Many people just close their eyes and relax, others prefer to talk.
Many people just close their eyes and relax.
Many people just come to the meeting and join the church in the praise and worship service.
Many people just come up with their own directions.
Many people just decide to move on and learn from their mistakes.
Many people just didn t know why they needed to upgrade.
Many people just do without.
Many people just eat in their dorm room to save time and because it is more convenient.
Many people just eat the pulp, swallowing the seeds whole.
Many people just enjoy the camaraderie in the clubhouse.
Many people just enjoy the walk in the woods looking for controls.
Many people just feel very uncomfortable when interacting with others whose gender is unclear.
Many people just find legumes to be laborious.
Many people just get enough insurance so they can make it one or two years.
Many people just give up too soon, while others never really try.
Many people just give up.
Many people just hang up without saying a word as soon as they recognize that it's a telemarketer.
Many people just hate that.
Many people just jump from one opportunity to the next, never really making any money.
Many people just list off their accomplishments and never relate it to the theme of the question.
Many people just live with it, but for some it has a large impact on their lives.
Many people just live with it, putting up with bouts of pain.
Many people just love to write.
Many people just make the entire drive one partition just to stay simple.
Many people just move down here, end up staying in a hotel, and then looking for a place to rent.
Many people just obsess instead of preparing a practical plan.
Many people just own Chinese geese because of the beauty that they bring to a pond.
Many people just pack the sliced cucumbers into the bottles, and then pour over the boiling liquid.
Many people just park their car on the road and enjoy the view from the comfort of their car.
Many people just plan to place it in a room.
Many people just play for fun while others are making millions playing on television.
Many people just pluck some figure out of the air that seems reasonable and settle on that.
Many people just punch in the first four names they see.
Many people just reach for a commercial product and start rubbing.
Many people just read posts, and participate just by listening to what other people have to say.
Many people just refuse to take it.
Many people just release their animals to fend for themselves.
Many people just see it.
Many people just see pictures of brutal dictatorships.
Many people just seem to feel better when they exercise daily.
Many people just send a letter with their telephone number, worst of all, a mobile number.
Many people just sense a lightness and a reality down in their spirit as they begin to speak.
Many people just shoe their horses on the front hooves.
Many people just shoot and continue to shoot thinking they'll eventually get a good shot.
Many people just sit around and get to know one another again.
Many people just slide the lid to the left or right to access the animal, and that is fine.
Many people just spend more time indoors.
Many people just stare at it for hours.
Many people just stay away, but others ask to be put on our mailing list.
Many people just take off on their own cross-country explorations.
Many people just taste and that's good.
Many people just think that they have a virus, because something is wrong.
Many people just throw up their hands.
Many people just use basic motor oil with excellent results.
Many people just watch to see the new commercials that companies spend millions to produce.
Many people just worry by thinking about their future.
Many people justify their faith with god as an explanation.
Many people justify their sin in one way or another.
Many people keep a calendar on which they check off the date every morning after giving the tablet.
Many people keep a distance, don t speak out when they talk, for fear of offending.
Many people keep a lot of their weight on their heels when they are learning.
Many people keep a money lamp or money candle burning at their shops during business hours.
Many people keep a notebook of things they want to remember.
Many people keep a notepad and pen by their bed to write dreams down whenever they stir from sleep.
Many people keep a second refrigerator in their garage.
Many people keep an Aloe plant in the kitchen window in case of minor cuts and burns.
Many people keep an aloe plant in their kitchen to treat minor burns or cuts.
Many people keep an aloe plant in their kitchen.
Many people keep animals.
Many people keep asking what it is.
Many people keep cats as pets.
Many people keep corn snakes world wide for various reasons.
Many people keep diaries of their thoughts, funny experiences, and even day to day tasks.
Many people keep discus with plants.
Many people keep finches, which actually include the group of canaries, as pets.
Many people keep gerbils as household pets.
Many people keep guns in their homes to protect themselves and their families.
Many people keep guns in their homes.
Many people keep guns to protect themselves and there families.
Many people keep hamsters as household pets.
Many people keep it in their cupboards for times when they run out of fresh milk.
Many people keep journals to tell stories about their families and their experiences.
Many people keep lots of mail unnecessarily.
Many people keep oil lamps handy to cope with power outages.
Many people keep quartz at each point of the compass for positive energy.
Many people keep rabbits inside their houses once they are litter trained.
Many people keep reading when they are confused and only compound their confusion.
Many people keep replaying old events in their heads.
Many people keep running or playing despite the pain.
Many people keep sensitive information written down somewhere in their house or at work.
Many people keep snakes as pets, including anacondas and reticulated pythons.
Many people keep sugar eggs for years.
Many people keep the clove of garlic in their clothes or in their pockets.
Many people keep the soul somewhere, and then search for it elsewhere.
Many people keep their children indoors using air filters to improve the air quality.
Many people keep their dogs in the garden.
Many people keep their gates locked.
Many people keep their greyhounds in crates or a dog-proofed room while they are at work.
Many people keep their homes and particularly the upstairs bedrooms too hot.
Many people keep their homes too warm at night.
Many people keep their pain deep inside, afraid to let anyone know the depths of their suffering.
Many people keep their rooms too warm at night.
Many people keep their skis in the bedroom closet or under their bed.
Many people keep their virginity until their twenties and thirties without blinking an eye.
Many people keep themselves alert until after the meal is served.
Many people keep trash under the kitchen sink.
Many people keep trying to figure out new ways to make money on the Net.
Many people kill and eat animals without even thinking about it.
Many people kill children.
Many people kiss the book when they are finished using it.
Many people know a bit about wine.
Many people know about aromatherapy products, and they are readily available and widely popular.
Many people know about it, and it is being copied.
Many people know about pesticides.
Many people know about the flying, but there is much more than that.
Many people know about the hard work that goes into the tradition of showing a dog.
Many people know Africa as a dark and black place.
Many people know Anacardiaceae because of the dermatitis caused by the resins of some species.
Many people know and can avoid their migraine triggers.
Many people know consider their career as a service business.
Many people know exactly how Fr.
Many people know gays as parlor workers or entertainers.
Many people know girl gamers, but fewer know that in fact, the girl is a gamer.
Many people know how accessible marijuana is.
Many people know how to create web pages for themselves.
Many people know how to disrupt information systems.
Many people know how to go to a library and search for a book that they are looking for.
Many people know how to lose weight, but it's following through on it that becomes a problem.
Many people know individuals who respond to nearly everything in life with anger and great violence.
Many people know it as fennel, but it s also known as sweet anise.
Many people know it or consider they do.
Many people know little about the Bible.
Many people know more than they realize about fundraising from having volunteered.
Many people know of a mastectomy.
Many people know of and use extension services.
Many people know of eating pecans, hickory nuts, black walnuts and others.
Many people know only that bees make honey and sting.
Many people know only that it is a medical problem that produces a very painful extremity.
Many people know Orange County, California as being a great place to take a vacation.
Many people know our pricing is consistently the best around.
Many people know ping-pong.
Many people know several exploits or holes.
Many people know someone that has been incarcerated for any number of reasons.
Many people know something about journal writing.
Many people know that a phoneme is the smallest unit of sound that changes the meaning of a word .
Many people know that alcohol has a definite influence on the human body.
Many people know that arthritis means painful, swollen joints.
Many people know that breastfeeding is best for babies.
Many people know that cardiovascular disease is the nation's number one killer.
Many people know that chewing on Cloves can relieve the pain of toothache and prevent halitosis.
Many people know that condoms prevent STIs.
Many people know that dance is important to the study of a people or group.
Many people know that education provides fresh knowledge and gives new meaning to life.
Many people know that glaucoma has something to do with pressure inside the eye.
Many people know that it limits the amount of work a machine can deliver.
Many people know that light passing through a prism separates into the colors of the spectrum.
Many people know that Paris and Brasilia are planned cities.
Many people know that peanut allergies can cause serious allergic reactions.
Many people know that prostitution is illegal, but they find that they have sexual needs.
Many people know that smoking is considered the nation's leading preventable cause of death.
Many people know that the largest tropical rainforest in the world is in the Amazon Basin of Brazil.
Many people know that they are hunted by sperm whales.
Many people know the experience of being drawn inexplicably to a place.
Many people know the feeling of being stuck at home during a winter blizzard.
Many people know the frustration of working in a payback environment.
Many people know the milkweed as the plant that oozes a milky sap when the leaves or stems are cut.
Many people know the more common name for conjunctivitis, which is pinkeye .
Many people know the pavans or perhaps the fantasias that Milan wrote.
Many people know the system default password, the one that is issued to all new accounts.
Many people know the thirty-six times be suitable, as asserted in many scriptures and canons.
Many people know the value of worms in their garden.
Many people know their worst fear about dying.
Many people know there are tax advantages to owning, but it s only one of many factors to consider.
Many people know too much for their own good.
Many people know what it feels like to owe money, even if only to a bank for a mortgage.
Many people know what it means but few experience it.
Many people know what needs to be done to remedy the problem.
Many people know what product they want to buy or research.
Many people know what their talents and gifts are.
Many people know what they eat is wrong, or, that they eat too much.
Many people know what they want to be when they grow up.
Many people know what to do but want reinforcement of their strategies or additional information.
Many people know what to do, but never humble themselves or get around to doing it.
Many people know when a urinary tract infection is coming on by the increase in muscle spasms.
Many people know, both in the establishment and media, and among the general public.
Many people know, for instance, that a group of crows is called a murder .
Many people labor under the illusion that they have to be very strong and powerful to climb.
Many people lack a context for understanding eating disorders.
Many people lack access to any sources of regular medical care.
Many people lack access to high-quality reproductive and other health services.
Many people lack accurate career information when choosing a career field.
Many people lack adequate employment, health services and education.
Many people lack adequate housing and access to basic social services.
Many people lack any higher purpose beyond their own immediate well-being.
Many people lack computer literacy needed to retrieve online information.
Many people lack confidence due to finding such learning methods difficult.
Many people lack confidence in their math and science skills.
Many people lack deep, stable convictions.
Many people lack experience and comfort with people who are culturally unlike themselves.
Many people lack purchasing power and are dependent on their employers for health care coverage.
Many people lack scientific rationalization when analyzing phenomena in their lives.
Many people lack sufficient access to electricity, and batteries are expensive to obtain.
Many people lack sufficient iodine in their diet.
Many people lack the enzyme lactase.
Many people lack the equipment or skill needed to run the Red River safely.
Many people lack the fiscal discipline to save money.
Many people lack the knowledge and skills necessary for successful financial management.
Many people lack the skills required by our increasingly sophisticated economy.
Many people lack the skills, resources and assistance to be successful.
Many people lack the social skills for effective self-expression.
Many people lament how, or even that, the language is changing.
Many people lament what is happening.
Many people land with jobs that have nothing whatsoever to do with their qualifications.
Many people laugh until they cry, or, at least, tear.
Many people lead by example while others are out spoken advocates.
Many people learn a great deal just by following the discussions in other people's messages.
Many people learn a job better and faster when they work in a real job situation.
Many people learn a lot, but it is the same thing over and over again.
Many people learn about their multiples at an early ultrasound .
Many people learn best during daylight hours.
Many people learn best if they are immersed in the culture.
Many people learn best in smaller, focused groups.
Many people learn best in the daylight hours.
Many people learn best in the morning, while others prefer afternoon or evening.
Many people learn best when they are actively involved in a project or hands-on experience.
Many people learn by trial and error.
Many people learn from each other.
Many people learn from success, but some say the greater learning comes from failure.
Many people learn how to drive a car without knowing how the car works.
Many people learn how to use the internet as a tool in itself.
Many people learn HTML and build web content by hand.
Many people learn Internet-related skills just by being on the Internet.
Many people learn more than one language.
Many people learn new lessons about the meaning of life, as well as the meaning of love.
Many people learn programming by taking a class.
Many people learn quickly from visual instruction.
Many people learn techniques from peers.
Many people learn that they made a mistake after they hire a lawyer.
Many people learn their exercise techniques and habits from watching others or by reading magazines.
Many people learn to adjust and replace the tubes themselves, they are that easy.
Many people learn to deal with job-related stress.
Many people learn to drive when they are teenagers through their school system.
Many people learn to inject it themselves at home.
Many people learn to pursue what they really want only after years of compromises.
Many people learn to read at school.
Many people learn to screen out unpleasant circumstances.
Many people leave a conference with sheaves of notes and good ideas for the future.
Many people leave a weekend having made new friends.
Many people leave after a few months.
Many people leave children as their mark on the world, a hedge against the inevitable.
Many people leave college without knowing exactly what they want to do.
Many people leave food for the animals.
Many people leave furniture, clothing, books, appliances like television, and other personal items.
Many people leave it late before seeking legal advice.
Many people leave larger companies because they want to be their own boss.
Many people leave our inner cities and crime-ridden neighborhoods.
Many people leave some money to charity in their wills.
Many people leave the area each day for work because there is nothing for easy profit locally.
Many people leave the big city and go to the country.
Many people leave the city.
Many people leave the labour force because of health problems.
Many people leave the residue of their estate to a charity.
Many people leave the theater frustrated and eager to get back home.
Many people leave the water on while they are brushing their teeth.
Many people leave the water running while they are shaving.
Many people leave their entire estates to churches or other charitable organizations.
Many people leave their home and become refugees as a result of generalized violence and war.
Many people leave their house for the night when they find one.
Many people leave their marriages expecting the arguments to stop.
Many people leave their pets behind on the mistaken assumption that animals can fend for themselves.
Many people leave themselves in the tool box.
Many people leave valuable items through a generous gift or bequest.
Many people leave web sites because they take too long to load.
Many people lecture and write about what needs to be done.
Many people let the beans cook slowly all day .
Many people let the beans cook slowly all day.
Many people let their ailments go untreated unless they became seriously ill.
Many people lie about their age.
Many people lie or misrepresent to avoid paying taxes.
Many people lie without even thinking about it.
Many people like more.
Many people like their home theaters to look like regular movie houses.
Many people like their plants.
Many people like to actually see and feel the merchandise.
Many people like to add a counter.
Many people like to add additional propylene glycol or glycerin to extend the amount of fragrance.
Many people like to add Dynamic content from other web sites .
Many people like to arrive a day early, to shake the jet lag before the tour begins.
Many people like to arrive early.
Many people like to associate a voice to the words that are used for the online lessons.
Many people like to attract new species of birds to their yards as well as the usual varieties.
Many people like to begin each day by drinking one or two cups of the hot tonic on an empty stomach.
Many people like to begin with the simple search.
Many people like to believe that they have all the time in the world.
Many people like to bet on outsiders they believe are good enough to surprise.
Many people like to bike, and the bus services are excellent and good value.
Many people like to blame someone else for their own faults.
Many people like to blame their problems on others.
Many people like to boast about big things.
Many people like to boat or fish in the Ohio River.
Many people like to bring a teens' best friend along on camping trips.
Many people like to bring their own food and drinks.
Many people like to build up a reserve of wood.
Many people like to calculate player statistics.
Many people like to camp along the river.
Many people like to camp at one of the nearby public campgrounds or stay at a Bed and Breakfast.
Many people like to carry ski-poles to help with stability.
Many people like to chew the fat wtih one another.
Many people like to choose three or four appetizers, a salad, and two or three entrees.
Many people like to climb the hill and play at the waterfall.
Many people like to collect the shells of Manus Island tree snails because of their beautiful color.
Many people like to come here because there are beautiful beaches.
Many people like to compare gorillas with humans, but there are several differences.
Many people like to compare horoscopes to determine compatibility for friendship or romance.
Many people like to cook casserole because it is a very simple meal.
Many people like to cover the containers with plastic or a lid until the seeds germinate or sprout.
Many people like to cover the tube in copious quantities of talcum powder first.
Many people like to deemphasize our pagan heritage.
Many people like to display the flag, but some are being flown or displayed incorrectly.
Many people like to distance themselves categorically from Neanderthals.
Many people like to do their own thing anyway.
Many people like to do their self-exploration in a guiding, trustworthy environment.
Many people like to dress the walls above and below the chair rail differently.
Many people like to eat a fried egg on top of their fried rice.
Many people like to eat cookies for a dessert.
Many people like to eat corn-fed birds because of the plumpness and tastiness of the meat.
Many people like to eat dog.
Many people like to eat foods such as soup, salad, and sandwiches.
Many people like to eat honey.
Many people like to eat oysters.
Many people like to eat pancakes for dinner.
Many people like to eat salmon , so the fish is also grown in fish farms .
Many people like to eat salmon, so the fish is also grown in fish farms.
Many people like to eat watermelon in the summer because the fruit is cool and refreshing.
Many people like to eliminate animal products from their diets in stages.
Many people like to embed designs or other things into their soaps.
Many people like to engrave the name on the front and the birth date on the back.
Many people like to exchange little jokes and extremely brief emails.
Many people like to feed longer to keep the babies tame and used to humans.
Many people like to fill out our Order Form to organize their thoughts before telephoning.
Many people like to flatter and tip their hats to superiors.
Many people like to follow the food pyramid.
Many people like to fully justify the print because it looks very neat and precise.
Many people like to gather plants and eat naturally while on the trail.
Many people like to get high with trance.
Many people like to get their feet wet at the slot machines.
Many people like to give a brief description of themselves.
Many people like to give an indication of when a page was last updated.
Many people like to give gifts in honor of friends or gifts in memory of a beloved friend or pet.
Many people like to give human food as treats to their pet.
Many people like to go on holiday on the island.
Many people like to go on to off leash obedience, but it depends on the individual owner and dog.
Many people like to grow cactus in pots or gardens.
Many people like to hack into sites and use fake email addresses.
Many people like to hang it on the wall for decoration.
Many people like to hang such paintings on the wall of their homes.
Many people like to have a book in hand while learning something on the computer.
Many people like to have media gear and a phone available.
Many people like to have photographs turned into graphics to put into their computer.
Many people like to have someone to look up to, as a role model or mentor.
Many people like to have that one on one though.
Many people like to hear the variety of noises a moose can make.
Many people like to hike loops through the area.
Many people like to hold their hands behind their head when doing crunches.
Many people like to hunt wildlife and to explore the beautiful landscape.
Many people like to imagine themselves at a beach, in a meadow, or walking through the woods.
Many people like to implement access controls based on the client address.
Many people like to impress their friends by doing high speed jibes as near to shore as possible.
Many people like to include an appropriate poem or quotation on the title page of their albums.
Many people like to include comments in sections of text.
Many people like to include food recommendations to accompany the beer.
Many people like to include their favorite links in their home page.
Many people like to include their wedding photo or a current family photo.
Many people like to invest in ''blue chip'' stocks.
Many people like to just put a box of baking soda next to their animal's cage.
Many people like to keep personal information private.
Many people like to know a little about what's behind the hype.
Many people like to know what the announcer is talking about.
Many people like to leaf through an index before they buy the book.
Many people like to learn in a 'hands-on' way.
Many people like to listen or watch it being done.
Many people like to listen to music and watch television in the kitchen.
Many people like to live near a body of running fresh water.
Many people like to look at houses that are being held open.
Many people like to look at, to study maps.
Many people like to look before they touch.
Many people like to make a diagram of the items' locations within the box as well.
Many people like to make noise on New Year's Eve.
Many people like to make their own paper.
Many people like to make their plans before arriving at their destination.
Many people like to match flavorful breads raisin, walnut, sometimes hazelnut with the cheese.
Many people like to mix charcoal and perlite with the bark.
Many people like to nominate their favorite artists as the main founding father or mother.
Many people like to order a quilled sheath for their own special knife.
Many people like to pay in person and meet the people who manage their tax dollars.
Many people like to pick schools they went to or live near just for fun.
Many people like to place command aliases the dot files for frequently used commands.
Many people like to plant in the early fall.
Many people like to play birthdays, anniversaries or other favorite dates.
Many people like to pray or do visualization after meditating, while still in an altered state.
Many people like to preserve the flowers from a wedding bouquet.
Many people like to print out long articles for easier viewing.
Many people like to put information about themselves, like where they're from and why they are.
Many people like to put their initials on the front of the quilt as well.
Many people like to put up outdoor decorations, especially lights.
Many people like to reconfigure the movement keys to the number pad, which is fine.
Many people like to remember what states they've seen.
Many people like to remodel or just change a few things periodically.
Many people like to review their lives as they approach the end.
Many people like to save old papers and clippings as a record of their personal history.
Many people like to see the same images on every other homepage.
Many people like to see where they stand against their fellow puzzlers.
Many people like to serve ham for their holiday meal.
Many people like to set food out for the birds and animals during the winter months.
Many people like to shop by mail because they save travel time and shop at their convenience.
Many people like to sit in nature to meditate.
Many people like to sleep on their back.
Many people like to sleep out but some cover is needed if it rains.
Many people like to spend a day at a time visiting different sections of the route.
Many people like to splurge on gifts for the holidays.
Many people like to spread materials out in a circular pattern that mirrors their reach radius.
Many people like to store fabrics in cedar chests, which is fine.
Many people like to study outside whenever the weather allows it.
Many people like to swim and fish in the clean water, and play in the sand on the beaches.
Many people like to switch their wallpaper often.
Many people like to tackle a difficult problem.
Many people like to take a conversational walk with a spouse, friend, or child after dinner.
Many people like to take baths to relax themselves.
Many people like to take fall boat rides to see peak foliage.
Many people like to take trips before winter changes driving conditions.
Many people like to talk about new ways to work, lead, and live in organizations.
Many people like to think of baptism as washing away their sins.
Many people like to think so b.
Many people like to think that sex is only full sexual intercourse.
Many people like to touch their pole on the top of the bump they wish to turn on.
Many people like to travel with their skunks because they require more care than the average pet.
Many people like to try out the shopping basket before they actually order.
Many people like to try to build their own web sites.
Many people like to use a signature containing their name, address and a graphic or quotation.
Many people like to use crystals or gemstones as the suspended object.
Many people like to use different colors, sizes, and fonts in their email messages.
Many people like to use e-mail forms to collect information from web page visitors.
Many people like to use it as their primary viewfinder.
Many people like to use smart drugs, which are supposed to boost memory and concentration.
Many people like to utilize the services of companies that blend good deeds with good business.
Many people like to view or hunt deer.
Many people like to visit different parts of Argentina.
Many people like to visit Jasper because there are many things to see in and around Jasper.
Many people like to watch a movie or read a book about someone being the first to do something.
Many people like to watch and study the interesting life cycle of the butterfly.
Many people like to watch professional wrestling on television or live in person while it happens .
Many people like to watch professional wrestling on television or live in person while it happens.
Many people like to work on a house and see it to completion, a real satisfying goal.
Many people like to workout at a gym.
Many people like to write in the morning when they first awaken.
Many people like to write, want to write, and are able to benefit from classes.
Many people like to write.
Many people like to.
Many people limit the sodium in their diet for health reasons.
Many people limit their channeling time to an hour or less at first.
Many people limit their consumption of the rich dessert to restaurant visits.
Many people limit their network to their organization and stop building other allies.
Many people limit their promotion efforts to just registering their web site with search engines.
Many people limit themselves unnecessarily, creating most of their problems.
Many people line up at their door and at the door of local television stations.
Many people linger in the area to buy treasures.
Many people list public speaking as one of their most profound fears.
Many people list the things they like in their on-line profiles.
Many people list their e-mail address on their cards and stationery, so look there.
Many people list their email on business cards, Web pages.
Many people listen to it for relaxation because it is so soothing to listen to.
Many people literally hate old-fashioned ministers.
Many people litter without even thinking.
Many people live a life of hopelessness.
Many people live a normal life with a small amount of valve disease.
Many people live above the poverty line.
Many people live along the coast in Korea.
Many people live and die in terrible circumstances.
Many people live apart from the Reno gaming industry, both figuratively and literally.
Many people live as if in a pond feeling that if more fish come in, it is more crowded.
Many people live as pastoral nomads, although irrigated farming has increased in recent years.
Many people live at a pace that seems too fast and full of stress.
Many people live at a significant distance from the nearest low vision service.
Many people live boarderline poverty.
Many people live by doing what is called subsistence agriculture, on a small farm.
Many people live day to day without a purpose.
Many people live empty, discontented lives.
Many people live far away from top quality acting training.
Many people live for years with atrial fibrillation without problems.
Many people live from day to day in a dehydrated state.
Many people live from day to day.
Many people live from monthly check to monthly check or from crop to crop.
Many people live full, happy lives with little melanin at all.
Many people live healthy, active lives with colostomies.
Many people live here because they value Alaska's land, culture, history, and wildlife.
Many people live here just part of the year.
Many people live hundreds of miles from the nearest one.
Many people live in a fantasy world having no relationship to objective reality.
Many people live in a polarised state of feast or famine.
Many people live in an emotional desert.
Many people live in and around the desert and enjoy it.
Many people live in areas where there are no available avian medical facilities.
Many people live in areas where there is a county council and a district council.
Many people live in big houses, many in little houses.
Many people live in cities.
Many people live in communities where they are quite alone in their faith.
Many people live in communities with impressive free libraries but do very little reading.
Many people live in confusion, poverty and fear.
Many people live in downtown Utica.
Many people live in extreme poverty and there is a lack of basic services and infrastructure.
Many people live in family compounds on the land they work rather than in large villages.
Many people live in fear of another attack - and with good reason.
Many people live in houseboat on the cannel, which is considered a fashionable lifestyle.
Many people live in makeshift housing, ruined buildings, and camps for the internally displaced.
Many people live in one city and commute to work in another.
Many people live in one community, work in another, and shop in a third.
Many people live in one place, work in another and shop in a third.
Many people live in one state and work and shop in the other.
Many people live in our community and work in the city.
Many people live in overcrowded housing, but no one is living in the streets.
Many people live in places where their sleeping space is very limited.
Many people live in poverty in the mountains and hollows in the area.
Many people live in poverty.
Many people live in quarters that have no electricity and no running water.
Many people live in quiet desperation.
Many people live in railway stations or in the streets.
Many people live in regions where there is a range of choices for the old house lover.
Many people live in remote villages that can only be reached by several days' walk.
Many people live in rural, outlying areas only reachable by foot.
Many people live in shanties and slums, which are congested and lack sanitation.
Many people live in situations where they are constantly being tempted to sin.
Many people live in small villages and townships, often many miles from the nearest town.
Many people live in such uncertainty.
Many people live in Thailand's cities and work in industry.
Many people live in the capital Riga.
Many people live in the cities of Denmark.
Many people live in the country, but have easy access to the Austin metro area.
Many people live in the eastern coasts of both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland .
Many people live in the eastern coasts of both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Many people live in the home they bought years ago when their growing families needed the space.
Many people live in the neighborhoods next to the commercial center.
Many people live in urban environments, where there is a higher amount of air pollution.
Many people live in Waterfall and commute daily via bus to work in Harare.
Many people live in wooden huts with straw roofs.
Many people live life aimlessly without any overarching purpose.
Many people live lives burdened by invisible feelings of entitlement, eg.
Many people live long lives without paying much attention to their heart.
Many people live long, healthy lives because of medical advances and healthier lifestyles.
Many people live near the coasts because they fish or farm fertile soils on deltas.
Many people live near their stores.
Many people live near very good schools.
Many people live normal, healthy lives with only one kidney.
Many people live on credit cards and they do themselves harm.
Many people live on one continent and work on the other.
Many people live on the streets.
Many people live on their farms and others have moved to Freetown.
Many people live only to please themselves.
Many people live out their entire lives without ever really Touching or being Touched by anything.
Many People live out their entire lives without ever really Touching or being Touched by anything.
Many people live their entire life without ever becoming conscious to the strength of their pulse.
Many people live their entire lives and never know a day of real freedom.
Many people live their entire lives without handling money.
Many people live their entire lives without many kinds of care.
Many people live their entire lives without thinking very much about unseen realities.
Many people live their lives immersed in anger.
Many people live their lives in failure as a result of the sabotaging effects of low self-esteem.
Many people live their lives in fear.
Many people live their lives in some state of dehydration without even realizing it.
Many people live their lives on the edge of starvation in India.
Many people live their lives with rigid structure.
Many people live their lives worrying about petty things.
Many people live their whole life in fear of exposure.
Many people live to a healthy ripe old age and remain perfectly independent.
Many people live to scan and clip coupons.
Many people live too much of their lives in houses, cars, offices and stores.
Many people live under continual stress.
Many people live very fulfilling lives without their sight.
Many people live wastefully.
Many people live with a constant, gnawing dread about the future.
Many people live with back pain daily.
Many people live with cats from outer space.
Many people live with gallstones.
Many people live with less dramatic limitations.
Many people live with pain and in the face of death gain strength from their family and friends.
Many people live with stomach ailments.
Many people live with the disease for years without knowing they have it.
Many people live with the pain thinking that it's part of getting older.
Many people live with tremor because they believe that nothing can be done.
Many people live within blocks of their extended families.
Many people live without any hope for the future.
Many people live without clean drinking water and sanitation facilities.
Many people live without electricity, running water, and have proper health care facilities.
Many people live without hope for the future.
Many people live without involvement with the heart of the city.
Many people live without symptoms while the virus continues to attack their liver.
Many people live, work and visit Dauphin County, Pennsylvania every day.
Many people living here come in from the surrounding districts to find work and to go to school.
Many people living in drier parts of the world often rely on seasonal rainfall to grow crops.
Many people living in Espoo have international work experience.
Many People living in every corner of the global village enjoy democracy.
Many people living in flats grow herbs successfully using suitable containers.
Many people living in freezing climates drink alcohol to warm themselves.
Many people living in industrialzed cultures lack a spiritual context for both living and dying.
Many people living in public housing are honest, hard working folks with gainful employment.
Many people living in Sudan are among the poorest people on earth.
Many people living in the global South say they are being severely harmed by economic globalization.
Many people living outside of rainforests want to help protect the indigenous people's culture.
Many people living outside of rainforests want to help protect the Indigenous people's culture.
Many people living there feel that having a firstborn male child is the only acceptable option.
Many people living there speak no English at all.
Many people living with cancer find healthy ways to ease stress, though.
Many people locate jobs through people that they know.
Many people log on to Websites to plan their trips .
Many people log onto it to play games.
Many people look alike, especially with dark glasses on.
Many people look at composers as playing.
Many people look at golf as more than a sport they play.
Many people look at it negatively, many positively.
Many people look at others like strangers.
Many people look at packaging and narrow the issue down to recycling versus garbage.
Many people look at the conclusions first to decide whether they want to read the entire poster.
Many people look at the current business environment as a tornado or a hurricane.
Many people look at the Internet as their primary source for getting information about candidates.
Many people look at the most modern school as the best school and want to move to where that is.
Many people look at the sea as a source of food , minerals and energy .
Many people look at the sea as a source of food, minerals and energy.
Many people look at the simplicity of a spreadsheet and just start typing numbers in.
Many people look at the track record first.
Many people look at the vulture as a sign of death, but some cultures admire the birds.
Many people look at their sick day policy as an extension of their vacation package.
Many people look at vegetables and frown.
Many people look back in time to find the moment of their initial inspiration.
Many people look back on their college years as some of the best times in their lives.
Many people look down upon, seeing the musicians as a bunch of stoners.
Many people look first at their local costume shop, but are often shocked by the high prices.
Many people look for a company on the Internet by entering the product name.
Many people look for a stained rump which often indicates a billy.
Many people look for bargains at garage or yard sales.
Many people look for external beauty, and they forget about feelings.
Many people look for good individual craftsmen to get work done more quickly.
Many people look for guidance in the art of creating meaning for themselves.
Many people look for happiness outside themselves.
Many people look for help to resolve their problems with stress, and employers are responding.
Many people look for other ways of treating their arthritis, such as special diets or supplements.
Many people look forward to meditating or simply spending quiet time in the warm greenhouse.
Many people look forward to retiring after a lifetime of work in their various careers.
Many people look forward to the delicious turkey dinner held in the dining room.
Many people look forward to the first snow that often drapes the trees so elegantly.
Many people look forward to the New Year for a new start on old habits.
Many people look in the yellow pages for health care practitioners of many types.
Many people look like a girl, but they are boys.
Many people look on that as perhaps their next big payday.
Many people look the other way when others are mistreated.
Many people look to a future of coastal marine reserves rather than concrete tanks.
Many people look to another person for fulfillment and a sense of purpose.
Many people look to Canada's health care system as a possible means of fixing our current woes.
Many people look to New England as an educational centre.
Many people look to themselves for their truth, in ignorance.
Many people look upon negotiating as an unpleasant, stressful chore to be avoided at all costs.
Many people looking for roommates advertise on campus.
Many people lose a tremendous amount of money on ad banner advertising.
Many people lose because of their blind allegiance to individual teams.
Many people lose control and become a slave to the wine, through alcoholism.
Many people lose energy because they get less exercise during the winter.
Many people lose from their face first, and then it varies.
Many people lose money in the stock and options markets.
Many people lose muscle and strength with age.
Many people lose patience with the foundation phase of their life.
Many people lose sight of the end goal.
Many people lose sight of what drugs actually do to their bodies.
Many people lose their birds when the wings grow back.
Many people lose their cheer due to the stresses of traditional shopping.
Many people lose their homes due to job loss, credit problems or unexpected expenses.
Many people lose their jobs when government-owned enterprises are privatized.
Many people lose weight and want to show their new figure off.
Many people lose weight only to find that they regain it shortly thereafter.
Many people lose weight over and over again.
Many people lounge in bathrobes and slippers or casual workout attire.
Many people love action and adventure.
Many people love art.
Many people love cats.
Many people love cherry blossom trees.
Many people love chicken and dumplings, the problem is no one wants to make the dumplings.
Many people love convertible cars.
Many people love different types of food.
Many people love doing business by email.
Many people love erotic stories.
Many people love horses.
Many people love it.
Many people love lesbian stories.
Many people love Madrid for the night life, others go there for the art museums.
Many people love making scrap books using family photographs and other momentos.
Many people love scale planes, but for most, sport scale is the better place to start.
Many people love software.
Many people love squash and use it in recipes that span the globe.
Many people love summer.
Many people love the beauty of the cardinal.
Many people love the enjoyment of going to college just to learn.
Many people love the idea of taking courses online.
Many people love the look of natural stone.
Many people love the rock and the tree.
Many people love their computers.
Many people love their neighbors.
Many people LOVE their piercings.
Many people love their wireless service until they see their first bill.
Many people love themselves, money, and pleasure.
Many people love to attend a class to gain a new IT skill.
Many people love to book their own travel online.
Many people love to buy things, they love to spend money.
Many people love to contribute money in all forms to the library during penny drive.
Many people love to drop names of the important people they know.
Many people love to eat lobsters, too.
Many people love to eat mushrooms in omelets, in stir-fry, on salads, and in soups.
Many people love to fish for, and eat trout.
Many people love to go jogging.
Many people love to hear themselves talk.
Many people love to join a club with their horse.
Many people love to read classified ads.
Many people love to run away from all their troubles.
Many people love to see on a wall old painting, though it is a copy.
Many people love to trail ride.
Many people love to travel but prefer the comforts of home instead of staying in hotels or motels.
Many people love to travel with their dogs.
Many people love to travel, but few want to be readily identifiable as tourists .
Many people love to watch deer in their backyards.
Many people love Vietnam.
Many people lurk for a while until they feel comfortable enough to post a message.
Many people mail their payment to the mortgage company every month.
Many people maintain a permanent residence in one county or state but live in another.
Many people maintain links to helpful resources for HTML authors.
Many people maintain stacks of reprints in hopes of having immediate access to important articles.
Many people maintain that their career is the sum of various good fortunes.
Many people maintain the friendships they develop during the seminars long after they finish.
Many people maintain their cultural heritage and native language.
Many people make a big mistake in the closing paragraph and offer the reader their phone number.
Many people make a decision, only to regret it.
Many people make a full time living just from posting a few minutes each day to auction sites.
Many people make a habit of getting excited about the beginning of a new school year.
Many people make a half hearted attempt to market the product.
Many people make a hobby of collecting phone cards, given the variety of their patterns.
Many people make a living by doing craftwork.
Many people make a living in the field of music.
Many people make a living off their land.
Many people make a lot of money seeking out the distressed seller, often called a don t wanter.
Many people make a mental decision to market grain when a specific price is reached.
Many people make a mistake by thinking that the lower the interest rate the better the loan.
Many people make a mistake.
Many people make a special visit to a sacred site .
Many people make a special visit to a sacred site.
Many people make a tremendous amount using ad banner advertising.
Many people make a very good job of using spreadsheets to do engineering calculations.
Many people make a website and can make money off of it.
Many people make all day trips on the mountains behind Hawkes Bay.
Many people make an impulse purchase that they later regret.
Many people make arrangements with a repository long before they have reached retirement age.
Many people make baskets for bread, sewing, storage, etc.
Many people make better decisions if there's someone else around to provide insights and ideas.
Many people make charitable donations for purely altruistic reasons.
Many people make charitable gifts during the holiday season.
Many people make contributions in honor of anniversaries, birthdays, and the like.
Many people make decisions about tobacco use based upon the attitudes of their family and friends.
Many people make decisions and judgments today based on their feelings.
Many people make decisions bad decisions using a tool they don t really understand.
Many people make drastic color changes for night fishing.
Many people make excuses.
Many people make feeding places for birds and squirrels.
Many people make fun of cheerleaders, especially when they mess up.
Many people make fun of Christian music.
Many people make gardens in areas which already have plantings of trees and hedges.
Many people make gestures that are unintentionally lethal.
Many people make gifts through their Wills.
Many people make goals.
Many people make healthy adjustments without realizing there's grief involved.
Many people make heritage the excuse to cover up for the shortcomings of hospitality.
Many people make horrible choices and end up having unmanageable lives.
Many people make it a pastime to look at houses.
Many people make it at home with simple ice-shaver equipment.
Many people make it on much less.
Many people make it very far along their journey, but give up because shyness returns.
Many people make judgemants before they actually get to know the person.
Many people make logical assumptions about such matters and they are wrong.
Many people make many gods for themselves.
Many people make masks that show their love of animals.
Many people make memorial and honorary gifts.
Many people make mistakes in the email area and the card is lost.
Many people make mistakes writing their e-mail address.
Many people make mistakes writing their email address.
Many people make mistakes.
Many people make more work of hoeing than is necessary.
Many people make new friends at university through common interests.
Many people make New Year's resolutions to break bad habits or to start good ones.
Many people make New Year's resolutions to get fit.
Many people make New Year's Resolutions to quit smoking.
Many people make religious decisions based on what the majority does.
Many people make repeat visits to the area.
Many people make reservations and then fail to show up.
Many people make resolutions about things they want to accomplish or do in the upcoming year.
Many people make several false starts before they finally break free from tobacco.
Many people make substantial incomes in a short period of time.
Many people make tea from sassafras roots, but safrole is a suspected carcinogen.
Many people make that mistake.
Many people make the assumption that anything natural can do no harm.
Many people make the change by gradually eliminating red meat, then poultry, then seafood.
Many people make the entire drive one partition just to stay simple.
Many people make the error of focusing on their failures, rather than on their strong points.
Many people make the excuse that they have no free time due to slave-driving teachers.
Many people make the fatal mistake thinking that the perfect home has to be out there.
Many people make the initial offer in writing, using a prewritten contract form.
Many people make the mistake of adding more exercises and sets to their program to make it harder.
Many people make the mistake of assuming that doing the job on their own translates to a savings.
Many people make the mistake of attempting to do too much too soon.
Many people make the mistake of being redundant in their cover letter and resume.
Many people make the mistake of believing that most building materials are probably okay.
Many people make the mistake of bending their back down instead of their knees.
Many people make the mistake of buying in the wrong area.
Many people make the mistake of calling a narrowboat a barge.
Many people make the mistake of calling the Tenth Amendment a states rights provision.
Many people make the mistake of carrying too many dishes.
Many people make the mistake of CC'ing too many people and letting the other names show.
Many people make the mistake of choosing a fragment and building a total way of life around it.
Many people make the mistake of committing themselves to mortgages when they buy a home.
Many people make the mistake of cutting calories drastically in an attempt to drop body fat quickly.
Many people make the mistake of cutting down their calories way too low.
Many people make the mistake of feeling hunger for just simple thirst.
Many people make the mistake of getting emotional when they request a salary increase.
Many people make the mistake of giving to their children at the expense of the marriage.
Many people make the mistake of holding their breath as if they're underwater or something.
Many people make the mistake of jumping into the market without doing any research.
Many people make the mistake of keeping the reader in suspense.
Many people make the mistake of looking at the Bible and seeing it as a scientific manual.
Many people make the mistake of naming a figure in the middle of a salary range.
Many people make the mistake of observing too early in the evening.
Many people make the mistake of overwatering the soil to combat the dryness.
Many people make the mistake of planting their tree too deep.
Many people make the mistake of posting or mailing messages pleading for help prematurely.
Many people make the mistake of posting or mailing messages pleadingfor help prematurely.
Many people make the mistake of providing only a single product to customers.
Many people make the mistake of providing ONLY a single product to customers.
Many people make the mistake of purchasing a Chow because of their looks only.
Many people make the mistake of replacing paired batteries one at a time.
Many people make the mistake of selling eq right away.
Many people make the mistake of sipping lime juice when they have a spicy meal.
Many people make the mistake of substituting a warm up for stretching.
Many people make the mistake of taking out equity loans on their homes, cars and other property.
Many people make the mistake of thinking a labyrinth and a maze are the same.
Many people make the mistake of thinking that all Latin American countries are the same as Mexico.
Many people make the mistake of thinking that the rubber boot around the cables keep the water out.
Many people make the mistake of thinking that they are the only ones with problems.
Many people make the mistake of throwing out too far, so they are actually beyond the fish.
Many People make the mistake of trying harder instead of trying differently.
Many people make the mistake of trying to do too much too soon.
Many people make the mistake of trying to interpret the symbolism themselves.
Many people make the mistake of using cold water or ice to cool the dog.
Many people make the mistake of using too little newspaper.
Many people make the mistake of wanting a huge slice of the pie.
Many people make the mistake of worming their pet whenever it seems to be sick.
Many people make the mistake that they think an outsider can do something as quickly as they do.
Many people make the same mistake in life.
Many people make the same mistake of blaming outer circumstances.
Many people make the same mistake, since hydrangeas do look like dead sticks all winter.
Many people make the switch to a vegetarian diet because of the potential health benefits.
Many people make the tragic mistake of going after a big name publisher.
Many people make their career their foundation.
Many people make their connections there.
Many people make their foot problems worse by wearing poorly fitting shoes, socks, and stockings.
Many people make their homes in houses, one of the tangible elements of our heritage.
Many people make their livelihood by fishing.
Many people make their livelihoods by collecting and disposing items.
Many people make their living on the value of their reputation.
Many people make their own arrangements with friends or relatives.
Many people make their own assistive devices from things they already have at home.
Many people make their own bullets for practise.
Many people make their own websites allowing anyone else the chance to see it.
Many people make their plans based on a forecast that turns out to be inaccurate.
Many people make their stock using ham shanks or the bones from other meats.
Many people make their voices more monotone to sound professional.
Many people make themselves miserable worrying over the future.
Many people make treats to share with others.
Many people make two or more attempts before finally being quitting.
Many people make typos in cover letters.
Many people make up interesting and creative names to identify themselves online.
Many people make up stories or urban legends .
Many people make up stories or urban legends.
Many people make up the Pops.
Many people make up their minds about a house before they go through the front door.
Many people make up their own unit studies.
Many people make vows when they are in dire straits, or undergoing extreme trials.
Many people make weather forecasts, from local forecasters to national meteorologists.
Many people make words or phrases from phone numbers.
Many people manage on their own but only with great effort.
Many people manage very well with children and pets.
Many people manipulate it, sometimes even subconsciously, to justify racial supremacy.
Many people mark a child's fifth birthday as important because they start school.
Many people mark the anniversary in their own way.
Many people mark the occasion with religious celebrations.
Many people mark their fuse box with labels.
Many people marry at twenty, and repent at twenty-five.
Many people marry endogamously for reasons of compatibility , which can be due to choice .
Many people marry endogamously for reasons of compatibility, which can be due to choice.
Many people marry for love, and end up miserable.
Many people marry for the wrong reasons or no reasons at all.
Many people marry through abduction.
Many people marry when they are still quite young.
Many people masturbate throughout their lifetime without any side effects, other than pleasure.
Many people masturbate, both men and women.
Many people mean different things when referring to a content management system.
Many people measure their pain on a scale from zero to ten.
Many people meditate either before dinner or later in the evening, too.
Many people meditate who have no religious affiliation or particular spiritual path.
Many people meet each other every day through on-line dating services.
Many people meet on a given channel regularly.
Many people memorise multiple digit phone numbers with ease.
Many people mention it.
Many people mention the condition of the butterfly's wings in their report.
Many people merely try to be funny on the web.
Many people migrate to Istanbul every year .
Many people migrate to Istanbul every year.
Many people migrate to other regions, either for longer or short periods.
Many people minimize a scratching problem by clipping their cat's claws.
Many people misinterpret the Bible.
Many people misread a very important part of the Declaration of Independence.
Many people miss nature's nighttime beauty.
Many people miss open seams which can then spread.
Many people miss that basic fact.
Many people miss the peace and joy in solitude.
Many people miss the point of looking for a responsible breeder.
Many people miss work days or skip favorite activities when the pain flares up.
Many people mist their ferns and other houseplants.
Many people mistake a cant hook for a peavey.
Many people mistake a directory as being the same as a search engine.
Many people mistake a healthy goat, with a well developed rumen, for being pregnant.
Many people mistake a lagoon for a pond because they look very similar.
Many people mistake a person undergoing a partial seizure as drunk or mentally ill.
Many people mistake an increase in traffic for increased economic development.
Many people mistake bumps, or moguls, for jumps.
Many people mistake courage for fearlessness.
Many people mistake dandruff etc for nits.
Many people mistake hunger for thirst.
Many people mistake it for the ivory-billed woodpecker, which probably is extinct.
Many people mistake nasal allergies for a trivial disease.
Many people mistake nicotine craving for hunger.
Many people mistake nonpoisonous water snakes for water moccasins.
Many people mistake non-violence as compromise or avoidance of conflict.
Many people mistake ovals for ellipses.
Many people mistake polishing for revision, but the two are very different.
Many people mistake problems in the above areas as indicators of low intelligence.
Many people mistake the damselfly for the dragonfly , because they look alike .
Many people mistake the damselfly for the dragonfly, because they look alike.
Many people mistake the hedgehog for the porcupine.
Many people mistake the Mandrill for the Baboon but they are different.
Many people mistake thirst for hunger and overeat as a result.
Many people mistake thirst for hunger.
Many people mistakenly accept information gathered here as fact.
Many people mistakenly associate hospice only with sorrow.
Many people mistakenly assume failing either criteria requires a dry-pipe.
Many people mistakenly assume 'Muslim' and ' Arab ' are interchangeable.
Many people mistakenly assume that education and experience determine a consultant's value.
Many people mistakenly assume that herbal drugs are safe simply because they come from nature.
Many people mistakenly assume that if they did well in school, they managed to escape harm.
Many people mistakenly believe acting is about faking or pretending.
Many people mistakenly believe storm drain systems deliver runoff to treatment plants.
Many people mistakenly believe tea came from the British.
Many people mistakenly believe that a company using a factor is going down the tubes.
Many people mistakenly believe that a dolphin is a porpoise and vice versa.
Many people mistakenly believe that all sexual fantasies are unfulfilled wishes.
Many people mistakenly believe that battered women never leave their situations.
Many people mistakenly believe that carbohydrates cause diabetes.
Many people mistakenly believe that coral reefs are made of rock.
Many people mistakenly believe that document attachments are harmless.
Many people mistakenly believe that estatement planning is only for the very rich.
Many people mistakenly believe that fruit trees come true to name from seeds.
Many people mistakenly believe that historic landmarks are always beautiful, old buildings.
Many people mistakenly believe that Israeli women serve on the front lines of their armed forces.
Many people mistakenly believe that lasers are solely for the printer or service bureau.
Many people mistakenly believe that macaws are the 'macho' birds of the parrot family.
Many people mistakenly believe that many plants contain hormones.
Many people mistakenly believe that only the very wealthy are subject to estate tax.
Many people mistakenly believe that organ donation is against their religion.
Many people mistakenly believe that reviews are selling games.
Many people mistakenly believe that state administrative hearings are informal.
Many people mistakenly believe that storm drains direct stormwater into the sewer system.
Many people mistakenly believe that the church is for everybody.
Many people mistakenly believe that the humanities exist only in text books and college classrooms.
Many people mistakenly believe that the inhaled type is only for emergency relief.
Many people mistakenly believe that the liturgy is the place for catechesis.
Many people mistakenly believe that the trust fund collects taxes and pays benefits.
Many people mistakenly believe that the waiting period is five years.
Many people mistakenly believe that their credit union or bank is only a source for personal funds.
Many people mistakenly believe that their offer is whatever service or product they want to sell.
Many people mistakenly believe that wild life is the only tourist attraction to be found in Africa.
Many people mistakenly believe the flu involves a storm in the stomach.
Many people mistakenly believe the parade is funded and put on by the city.
Many people mistakenly call a red dog with a heavy black overlay a sable.
Many people mistakenly criticise Chinese culture as sexually repressive and conservative.
Many people mistakenly criticize Chinese culture as sexually repressive and conservative.
Many people mistakenly equate email marketing with spam.
Many people mistakenly equate high price with high quality.
Many people mistakenly equate universal health coverage with the delivery of quality health care.
Many people mistakenly refer to disk space as memory.
Many people mistakenly refer to pterygium as cataract.
Many people mistakenly say erosion when they really mean weathering.
Many people mistakenly think all of Kansas is flat and dry.
Many people mistakenly think concussion always involves a loss of consciousness.
Many people mistakenly think of a mediator as an arbitrator.
Many people mistakenly think of swimming as the only form of water exercise.
Many people mistakenly think poinsettias are poisonous.
Many people mistakenly think that adopted kids are the lucky ones-that's the ultimate myth.
Many people mistakenly think that all our forests are being cut never to return.
Many people mistakenly think that asthma is just something that happens to children.
Many people mistakenly think that being born alive is something all mammals have in common.
Many people mistakenly think that gateway drugs are less serious than other drugs.
Many people mistakenly think that getting a little tan is all right.
Many people mistakenly think that longer fur means more shedding.
Many people mistakenly think that our life or culture is static and unchanging.
Many people mistakenly think that's what it is to make music or to make it big.
Many people mistakenly think the seasons are caused by how far the earth is from the sun.
Many people mistakenly try to push the center of the buckle rather than pull up on it.
Many people mistakenly underestimate the health risks of tobacco.
Many people mistranslate tamei, saying it means impure or contaminated.
Many people misunderstand and think of negotiation as selling.
Many people misunderstand baptism.
Many people misunderstand exactly what a Christian school is.
Many people misunderstand faith.
Many people misunderstand Israel.
Many people misunderstand it.
Many people misunderstand sexual assault.
Many people misunderstand the benefits of webrings.
Many people misunderstand the concept of sin.
Many people misunderstand the difference between a deduction and a credit.
Many people misunderstand the meaning of panther.
Many people misunderstand the meaning of the New Year and other festivals.
Many people misunderstand the nature of anger and how to deal with it.
Many people misunderstand the process of negotiation.
Many people misunderstand the simple magic of grits altogether.
Many people misunderstand the use of keywords and simply add a second description.
Many people misunderstand what happens when a drive is formatted.
Many people misunderstand what question a P value answers.
Many people misunderstand why astronauts appear to float in space.
Many people misunderstand without studying for themselves.
Many people misuse mythology.
Many people misuse the term barbecue.
Many people mix carrot juice with beet juice for liver health.
Many people mix Indian food with Chinese or continental dishes which spoil individual taste.
Many people mix sports for fun and fitness.
Many people mix the two as they feel best.
Many people mix up common and popular.
Many people mix up Slovakia and Slovenia.
Many people mix up voting security with e-commerce security. . . .
Many people mix wine with resin. .
Many people modify child support up and down many times in the course of raising the children.
Many people monitor their network traffic, here is a tool to do something about it.
Many people mound mulch up around the trunks of their trees.
Many people mount their antenna in the attic, which places it above most metal objects.
Many people move about through the Plaza daily.
Many people move away and regret it as they miss familiar friends and places.
Many people move away from it.
Many people move back and forth between stages.
Many people move from the country to cities and they are getting unbearably bigger and bigger.
Many people move here because it is perceived to be a safe place to live.
Many people move here from places with a very different style and pace of life.
Many people move here to get away from the crime rate of the city and to live a slower paced life.
Many people move in together on a whim or simply because it is convenient or cost-effective.
Many people move one or more times while they are growing up.
Many people move out soon, and almost everyone leaves after the first year.
Many people move out there to get away from government and basically to live and let live.
Many people move plants in and out of the house.
Many people move to and visit Florida every day.
Many people move to another town or simply change their preference of funeral homes.
Many people move to Florida for the sparkling sands,gentle breezes and lapping waves.
Many people move to Florida to avoid the cold winters of the northern United States.
Many people move to new homes where the previous owners had planted fruit trees.
Many people move to New Mexico for the ideal climate.
Many people move to New Mexico from other states and countries.
Many people move to smaller homes and otherwise simplify their lives.
Many people move to the area because it is a great place to raise a family.
Many people move to the area to escape the pressure of city living.
Many people move to the Manchester area because it is a great place to raise a family.
Many people move to Utah so they can be close to the great outdoors.
Many people move up in organizations, and they are never trained how to supervise.
Many people moving give dogs away.
Many people moving to the Forgotten Coast start their own businesses.
Many people naively think that is a good thing.
Many people name a family member to serve as joint trustee with a financial institution.
Many people name children for prominent people.
Many people name their children as the beneficiaries.
Many people narrow their eyes when they're straining to hear.
Many people naturally assume our water comes from nearby rivers or lakes.
Many people navigate with images turned off so they can view sites more quickly.
Many people nearing retirement think so.
Many people neglect good nutrition and exercise during the holiday season.
Many people neglect rich possibilities for happiness by chasing poor chances to be rich.
Many people neglect the formative power of reading the Bible seeking only information.
Many people neglect their brakes until they hear metal on metal.
Many people neglect their health.
Many people neglect to do frequent tick checks to interrupt feeding.
Many people neglect to keep regular backups due to the complex nature of many backup programs.
Many people neglect to take rest days, and find themselves too tired to enjoy the experience.
Many people never accept it.
Many people never add anyone else's data to their primary database.
Many people never adjust their irrigation controller once they have it set.
Many people never ask the questions they always wanted to know.
Many people never bother to talk with their doctor about their bladder control problems.
Many people never buy their rough and are content to cut the many stones they find or trade for.
Many people never change the pixel depth of their computers, even if they know how.
Many people never develop any symptoms while some have many episodes over many years.
Many people never do find out.
Many people never experience the blessing of a positive relationship with their father.
Many people never experience the enjoyable sensations initiated by a loving touch.
Many people never get a chance to know love.
Many people never get help for their depression.
Many people never get it.
Many people never get out of the mud of a misspent life.
Many people never get over the feeling they had as a child when ever they take any type of exam.
Many people never get prayers answered because they beg when they pray.
Many people never get to visit Hawaii let alone live here.
Many people never grow up.
Many people never have any symptoms although they can pass on the infection.
Many people never have any symptoms.
Many people never have the opportunity to learn about and appreciate the beauty of the cosmos.
Many people never have to be bedridden because their illness is so mild.
Many people never invite another person to visit their church home.
Many people never know they have it.
Many people never look up until they are flat on their backs.
Many people never make the connection between fatigue and the hour or so sleep missed every night.
Many people never make the transition.
Many people never miss a day.
Many people never notice that the little plantlets begin as small white flowers.
Many people never pick up the Bible and read it.
Many people never read the book supplied by the manufacturer.
Many people never realize how many valuable possessions they have accumulated over the years.
Many people never realize their greatness because they get sidetracked.
Many people never regain their cars.
Many people never register for the conference but attend only the antiques show and exhibits.
Many people never relapse at all.
Many people never see the origins of a river.
Many people never seek help.
Many people never seem to find the time for financial planning.
Many people never take the first steps to advance a writing career.
Many people never take the time to document their valuables.
Many people never talk about how much they earn, even with friends or colleagues at work.
Many people never tell their doctors about the sadness or nervousness they re experiencing.
Many people never think of using a safe-deposit box until they have a fire or burglary.
Many people never treat and seal their decks.
Many people never turn their compost piles.
Many people never use the manuals, especially in corporations.
Many people never use the word in speech at all.
Many people never wake up.
Many people never witness an ordination.
Many people nominate their partner as the beneficiary of their super upon their death.
Many people note it by writing the numbers together .
Many people note it by writing the numbers together.
Many people note that it has the look and feel of a quaint European neighborhood.
Many people notice a change in their moods as well.
Many people notice a decrease in their sex drives at some point in their lifetimes.
Many people notice a difference within several weeks, others within hours.
Many people notice a favorable mood effect within one or two days of beginning supplementation.
Many people notice bloating, cramping or gas when they add fiber to their diet.
Many people notice bloating, cramping, or gas when they add fiber to their diet.
Many people notice improvement within one to three weeks.
Many people notice it when they wake up in the morning.
Many people notice our worship practice the first time they visit.
Many people notice rapid hair loss as a symptom of their hyperthyroidism or hypothyroidism.
Many people notice significant changes within the first few days.
Many people notice some sensitivity when brushing near the gum line.
Many people notice that colors seem slightly different out of one eye than the other.
Many people notice that pain seems to get worse as they get tired.
Many people notice that their grains take off and thrive when given full-fat milk.
Many people now carry cards to access banking terminals.
Many people now carry 'pepper spray' a bear deterrent make from the juice of red-hot peppers.
Many people now choose to make annuities the foundation of their retirement planning strategy.
Many people now come here from Jerusalem to seek their own lost roots.
Many people now consider a Web site a necessary form of advertising.
Many people now consider their career as a service business.
Many people now end up in old folks home.
Many people now enjoy the pleasure of owning horses for leisure or sporting purposes.
Many people now find the reduction to the bare necessities too little.
Many people now have access to cyberspace.
Many people now have cable.
Many people now have experience using the equipment and can share it.
Many people now have home video recorders and make their own porn.
Many people now have pagers that they keep on their belt and which display messages on tiny screens.
Many people now hold the melatonin under their tongue for more rapid assimilation into the brain.
Many people now keep hamsters as household pets.
Many people now live in an almost totally man-made environment.
Many people now lose their legs due to poor circulation caused by atherosclerosis.
Many people now make a career of working in the nonprofit sector.
Many people now own miniature domestic ultrasonic tanks, sold for cleaning jewellery.
Many people now pronounce personal names in Mandarin when talking in Taiwanese.
Many people now put up their family, travel and even fine-art photographs on home pages.
Many people now realize that the home is a major factor in contributing to one's well being.
Many people now recognize the importance of Japanese opera.
Many people now rely on chatting in the hopes of finding their soul-mate.
Many people now rely on voice mail as a way of keeping in touch.
Many people now research their own medical problems on the Internet.
Many people now say that media exaggeration was the real culprit.
Many people now say that rural Minnesota has a severe economic and social crisis.
Many people now say the short form needs to allow for more options, too.
Many people now see performance assessment as an important reform strategy.
Many people now send video tapes to partners or friends for business or pleasure.
Many people now spend a large portion of their work time in front of a terminal.
Many people now suffer from devastating storms, drought, hunger, and diseases.
Many people now tailor pimento cheese to their own tastes.
Many people now take herbal tablets of various kinds.
Many people now take the herb ginkgo biloba in hope of improving their memory.
Many people now think that religion and law have nothing in common.
Many people now use a scientific vocabulary, to inspire confidence in what they say or write.
Many people now use cell phones.
Many people now use fax at home.
Many people now use it, and some learning takes place.
Many people now use Shamanic techniques in healing and similar work.
Many people now use some sort of superfloppy for archiving and carriage.
Many people now use the seabed as a place to graze their cattle.
Many people now view lean as a bad management practice.
Many people now visit the library to do online research.
Many people now work for themselves or private companies.
Many people now work to establish their careers and financial situations before tying the knot.
Many people now write and send email in HTML format - so that it looks like a web page.
Many people nowadays are concerned about the rising cost of healthcare.
Many people nowadays are on an intensive search for the great good fortune.
Many people nowadays feel that in present day, there is no longer any reason for myths.
Many people nowadays have some pretty overwhelming schedules between family, work, and school.
Many people nowadays wish to have pleasant looking teeth with which they are proud to smile.
Many people object that the theory of evolution sufficiently explains our origins and existence.
Many people object to modern wind turbines blighting a beautiful landscape.
Many people object to receiving blood or blood products as part of their medical treatment.
Many people object to such legislation, arguing that it condones illegal drug use.
Many people object to the veracity of the Resurrection account.
Many people object to witchcraft from a religious point of view.
Many people object, and rightly so, to having someone's domesticated dog wander onto their property.
Many people object.
Many people observe from afar and believe they know exactly what needs to be done.
Many people observe the holiday by spending time together sitting in the moonlight.
Many people obsess over fat grams while they ignore total calories.
Many people obtain headache relief through medication.
Many people obtain information about OCs from the mass media.
Many people obtain news of severe weather conditions or disasters through television broadcasts.
Many people obtain substantial savings in their food budget with powdered milk.
Many people occasionally fantasize about or engage in voyeurism, exhibitionism, and bondage.
Many people offend easily.
Many people offer equipment as is.
Many people offer rooms, often with meals, to visitors in villages without hotels.
Many people offer salat here every day.
Many people offer the testimonies of people who have tried it with success.
Many people offer their graphics for free and only ask for a link back to their site.
Many people offer time, ideas, and support.
Many people offer to adopt the retired guides because they are well trained and friendly dogs.
Many people offer unique services for genealogists.
Many people offer website promotion services for a fee.
Many people only associate medical careers with hospitals and doctors' offices.
Many people only concern themselves with their position number.
Many people only consider financial benefits or prestige in changing jobs.
Many people only feel comfortable with others who appear exactly the same as themselves.
Many people only find out a friend has problems when it is too late.
Many people only give lip service to servanthood.
Many people only have access to the Internet through e-mail.
Many people only have one or two hives.
Many people only have the capacity to buy a turn-key system, configure it once, and walk away.
Many people only hear about the huge bequests that warrant coverage by the press.
Many people only judge others on the how they look and what kind of brands they wear.
Many people only know how their site looks in the browser they use.
Many people ONLY know what they are looking for based on the color they have come to expect.
Many people only learn they have diabetes when one of the following complications develops.
Many people only look ahead the next few hours.
Many people only look at the negative side of teaching.
Many people only read mail first thing in the morning.
Many people only see a coach for a short term for their immediate challenge.
Many people only see the woman who was broken by the Austrian court ceremonial.
Many people only shave up to the knee.
Many people only sit down to plan investment and tax savings strategies at tax time.
Many people only start estate planning after they secure considerable assets.
Many people only study the doctrines of their own church and accept it without serious examination.
Many people only survive because they are able to do odd jobs for cash.
Many people only take pictures when it's a nice sunny day.
Many people only think a volcano is active when red lava or ash are erupting.
Many people only think of a business plan as a way to obtain financing to start their business.
Many people only think of a hot drink when they hear the word coffee.
Many people only think of bacteria as bad cells.
Many people only think of mice as being white.
Many people only use it for a few minutes at a time to check and send email.
Many people openly wonder if democracy has helped their lot in life.
Many people openly wonder if democracy has helped their lots in life.
Many people operate in a codependent manner.
Many people operate in the services sector.
Many people operate with very warped definitions of love.
Many people operating tourist facilities speak English.
Many people oppose amnesty on the grounds that it deprives victims of their right to justice.
Many people oppose capital punishment because they feel it is discriminatory.
Many people oppose excessive taxation.
Many people oppose fundamental research with applied research.
Many people oppose increased density.
Many people oppose pipeline proposals, making transportation of the gas more difficult.
Many people oppose registration because it precedes confiscation.
Many people oppose the idea of using cloning to solve infertility problems.
Many people opt for a buffet early in the evening to start the party off right.
Many people opt for a combination of the two.
Many people opt for artificial trees.
Many people opt for getting an older dog when there are children involved.
Many people opt for rafting down the Yakima River when they want to cool off in the summer s heat.
Many people opt for the high pressure, rather than the treatment.
Many people opt to be adventurous and decide to cycle their way through Tuscany.
Many people order a soda or a dessert in a restaurant under peer pressure.
Many people order more than one certificate when they place their order.
Many people order steaks here, which look very good covered in onions, salsa, beans and guacamole.
Many people order veterinary supplies by mail to save money or side-step the veterinary diagnosis.
Many people order with our toll-free line.
Many people organize their site into subdirectories.
Many people organize with linear time.
Many people outgrow food allergies.
Many people over look the importance of women at that time.
Many people over look the role of creativity or the possible inclusion of creativity in their lives.
Many people overcome old habits, attitudes, and addictions.
Many people overeat because they are starved for love.
Many people overeat during the holiday season.
Many people overestimate the amount of calories in chocolate.
Many people overestimate the cost of college or believe that all schools are expensive.
Many people overestimate the pollution and noise caused by a modern train.
Many people overestimate their ability to tolerate risk.
Many people overestimate their risks.
Many people overestimate their worth, the authors say.
Many people overland for most of their trip, only using planes where they have to.
Many people overlook disability insurance.
Many people overlook the importance of insulation in the chemical industry.
Many people overlook the importance of maintaining an appropriate refrigerator temperature.
Many people overlook the important benefits of stretching so it is given low priority.
Many people overlook the main cause - lint build up.
Many people overlook the power of the printed word.
Many people overlook the value of maximizing dependency exemptions.
Many people overlook the vital importance of managing a security once it has been purchased.
Many people overlook the vital importance of managing a security once it is bought.
Many people overlook the white tallow tree seeds as a source of color.
Many people overlook their breath.
Many people overlook width when sizing their snowboard.
Many people overpronate and a very few people supinate.
Many people overpronate when they run, which means the feet roll inward and flatten out.
Many people overseas pay by the minute, as do some people in the United States.
Many people overspend because they feel trapped by holiday traditions and expectations.
Many people overuse the lights and detract from their home's appearance rather than enhancing it.
Many people owe their ability to speak to Herb's tests.
Many people owe their greatest achievements to their biggest difficulties.
Many people owe their lives to the dog team's work.
Many people own a bicycle and ride for enjoyment.
Many people own a computer and never play games on it.
Many people own a semiconductor laser without even knowing it - inside their CD players.
Many people own a variety of decks for different purposes.
Many people own and operate small businesses, and family members are often involved.
Many people own appreciated stock stock that has risen in value over time.
Many people own boats for fishing, water skiing or sailing.
Many people own businesses and provide services here.
Many people own camcorders or digital video cameras and they are also easily hired.
Many people own guns and thats fine as long as they are use properly.
Many people own guns and there are repeated cases of armed tribesmen kidnapping foreigners.
Many people own guns for sports, protection and other purposes.
Many people own guns, so sometimes it is pretty dangerous.
Many people own homes governed by the old rollover provisions.
Many people own insurance policies that are no longer needed for their original purposes.
Many people own insurance policies which are no longer needed for their original purposes.
Many people own life insurance policies that have outlived their original purpose.
Many people own one as a way of remembering that culture and celebrating it.
Many people own race horses as an investment or simply as an enjoyable hobby.
Many people own radios, but few have television sets.
Many people own real estate in the form of a home.
Many people own real estate.
Many people own some type of real estate, such as a house.
Many people own such guns.
Many people own their own businesses or hold responsible positions.
Many people own their own cars and drive to where they want to go.
Many people own things which are of sentimental value and are impossible to replace.
Many people own wonderful jewelry that no longer suits their lifestyle.
Many people own, breed and love cats.
Many people pace the floor while other family members slumber.
Many people pack personal effects such as clothing, books, and householditems on their own.
Many people paddle unaware of potential dangers.
Many people painfully dread appraisal interviews.
Many people paint the outside of their house a pastel color.
Many people paint their bedrooms in green and blue hues because of their calming effects.
Many people panic and start to plan for putting the dog to sleep.
Many people panic only because others are panicking.
Many people panic over discovering that they still doubt.
Many people participate as part of a team from a church, business, social organization, etc.
Many people participate enthusiastically when given the chance to recycle their rubbish.
Many people participate in a role-playing game in different ways.
Many people participate in enjoyable activities with their bassets.
Many people participate in Internet listservs or newsgroups.
Many people participate in league play, which is an organized weekly activity.
Many people participate in scuba diving, sailing, water skiing, wind surfing and other water sports.
Many people participate.
Many people particularly enjoy using their outdoor spa or hot tub during the cold winter months.
Many people pass it on the highway, but few take the time to stop and see the treasures inside.
Many people pass the exam the first time they take it.
Many people pass the time by just watching people.
Many people pass through Fairbanks on the quest of some far away destination.
Many people pass through here.
Many people pay by the minute for their access time.
Many people pay far more for insurance coverage than necessary.
Many people pay for Internet access by the hour.
Many people pay for sessions on their own.
Many people pay for their detectors with all of the valuables they find.
Many people pay for their E-mail services on a per message basis.
Many people pay hourly charges for their internet access.
Many people pay less attention to what they wear on the interview.
Many people pay lower prices through company health insurance plans and other group arrangements.
Many people pay monthly fees for support groups, fitness centers, or special foods or drinks.
Many people pay more than that each month for just a checking account.
Many people pay online connect charges and many are paying long distance charges.
Many people pay over a period of several years.
Many people pay regularly and on time, which in turn benefits their children and dependants.
Many people pay the year's first visit to temples and shrines.
Many people pay too much for their new home.
Many people perceive a great market opportunity.
Many people perceive free software as simply software with which people can do whatever they want.
Many people perceive long term care as simply the care received at a nursing home.
Many people perceive osteoporosis as an ailment that strikes older individuals.
Many people perceive riding a bus as a lack of social standing.
Many people perceive simultaneously both benefits and risks from science and technology.
Many people perceive Surf Life Saving to be the epitome of Australia's spirit.
Many people perceive the harmonica as a fun toy for kids to play with and it works well for that.
Many people perceive the management of single-family homes to be an easy job.
Many people perceive the military to be a place for lower class and uneducated people to get a job.
Many people perceive the world as meaningless.
Many people perform acts of penance or mortification, such as giving up sweets, TV and the like.
Many people perform for exposure rather than pay.
Many people perform many tasks in their day.
Many people perform services for others.
Many people perhaps think it is so.
Many people phone with various needs and requests.
Many people pick a house because of school districts.
Many people pick at the backlashed loops of line with their fingers.
Many people pick individuals up by their telson.
Many people pick up a seashell or two while on vacation at the beach.
Many people pile up debt without knowing their rights.
Many people place a foam sleeve over the bar to protect their necks while doing squats.
Many people place higher priority in temporal comforts rather than the eternal comforts of The Lord.
Many people place it in a convenient place to read such as the kitchen or hallway.
Many people place the blame on fraternities and sororities.
Many people place the pump in a pants pocket or on a belt loop.
Many people place their bids on items right before a listing is scheduled to close.
Many people place their food on the large plates when they are still in paper sacks from the market.
Many people place their plants in the bath tub before leaving for vacation.
Many people place their trust in their own righteousness.
Many people place their work in the public domain and most government writings are public domain.
Many people place toys and mirrors in the cage with their birds.
Many people plan ahead and pack some, just in case.
Many people plan and hike the entire length in three weeks to a month.
Many people plan for the untimely death of themselves or their spouse through life insurance.
Many people plan for then own funeral in a sincere effort to be helpful to their families.
Many people plan great vacations and search for a park in the area they plan to recreate.
Many people plan their own funeral in a sincere effort to be helpful to their families.
Many people plan to dine out with their own family in celebration.
Many people plan to travel during the holiday season.
Many people plan to write books about our unusual presidential election.
Many people plan to write, which is a farther cry than they realize from actually writing.
Many people plan vacations during the ripe berry season.
Many people plant carpetgrass in places that are difficult to mow because it is easy to maintain.
Many people plant long rows of tall trees to form wind blocks.
Many people plant oaks of various types to enhance their landscapes.
Many people plant trees in Israel to celebrate.
Many people play an important role in recycling.
Many people play chess all their lives.
Many people play chess and bridge.
Many people play games which require repetitive throws of a small set of dice.
Many people play games with their health and do things half ass.
Many people play host to a few roundworms without even being aware of it.
Many people play it and many others watch it.
Many people play on our fears, including politicians and charitable fund-raisers.
Many people play on their modems and link to shared servers.
Many people play paintball for fun.
Many people play sports to get into college, or to get where they are going in life.
Many people play the game together in PC game room.
Many people play the game.
Many people play the violent computer games.
Many people play two spots.
Many people play with waiting .
Many people pledge each New Year to set aside more funds to provide for a secure retirement.
Many people pledge each year to set aside more funds to provide for a secure retirement.
Many people point to a natural synergy between Singapore and the Philippines.
Many people point to college as a wonderful, pivotal period in their lives.
Many people point to societal problems as evidence of a lack of discipline.
Many people point to the City of Cambridge in Massachusetts as an example of election reform.
Many people point to the continuing international trade sanctions as the first problem.
Many people possess a knowledge of sorcery or witchcraft.
Many people post a single message to all the lists with similar topics at the same time.
Many people post affirmations around their homes or offices as constant reminders.
Many people post anonymously.
Many people post style with lacks of taste or of respect of harmony academic rules.
Many people post to the newsgroups looking for travel information.
Many people post valuable and free resources such as public domain clip art.
Many people post without signing their names, assumed or given.
Many people postpone buying decisions.
Many people postpone travel because they lack a travel companion.
Many people practically give unwanted clothes away.
Many people practice both riding disciplines, often using the same horse to do both.
Many people practice by telling a friend first.
Many people practice intent through affirmations.
Many people practice kendo with little or no tournament experience.
Many people practice meditation and for many different reasons.
Many people practice meditation and prayer.
Many people practice meditation as a way to grow and develop spiritually.
Many people practice mixed habits.
Many people practice often enough that they have a reason to make a perment Sacred Circle.
Many people practice religion out of fear to ensure they get through the door of heaven after death.
Many people practice the HeBei method today.
Many people practice wishful thinking and use lightweight locks designed for bicycles or scooters.
Many people practice yoga for exercise, relaxation, illness prevention or stress reduction.
Many people pray a great deal.
Many people pray for long hours, yet they are powerless in their daily walk.
Many people pray or preach through music, or pass on the profoundest of messages through art.
Many people pray when they want something.
Many people pray, some people even pray everyday.
Many people pray.
Many people predict the elimination of paper newspapers all together.
Many people prefer a constant reduced temperature.
Many people prefer a cup of tea.
Many people prefer a different appearance to the table of contents.
Many people prefer a different standard of service.
Many people prefer a larger font size.
Many people prefer a loft bed, the kind with the dresser and desk under it.
Many people prefer a marquis shape.
Many people prefer a one hour session for optimal relaxation.
Many people prefer a slate roof, but few can afford such roofs nowadays.
Many people prefer a small heel.
Many people prefer ammonium persulfate.
Many people prefer anonymity when looking for an attorney, the web is the perfect medium.
Many people prefer banks or brokerage houses to invest the funds held in the accounts.
Many people prefer butter for the taste it imparts in baking.
Many people prefer calcium supplements, which are now widely available.
Many people prefer cats who are more independent and somewhat aloof companions.
Many people prefer chocolate chip cookies without nuts.
Many people prefer contact lenses to eyeglasses because they provide a more natural look.
Many people prefer debit cards over checks.
Many people prefer decimal odds for odds-on prices as they are more easily understood.
Many people prefer discreet designs that can be concealed for certain occasions.
Many people prefer ducks with a white plumage because it is easier to get a clean looking carcass.
Many people prefer e-mail as a first form of contact.
Many people prefer e-mail over any other communications medium.
Many people prefer e-therapy to prevent having a mental health record with insurance companies.
Many people prefer front loading kilns for ease of loading.
Many people prefer hamburger joints to restaurants.
Many people prefer hard copy ordering anyway.
Many people prefer information presented in the two dimensional linear style offered by tables.
Many people prefer it as their regular table syrup.
Many people prefer it because of the feeling of euphoria and relaxationt that it provides.
Many people prefer it to cow's milk and are willing to pay more for it.
Many people prefer just books that cover whatever subject matter they are looking for.
Many people prefer leasing to buying a car.
Many people prefer making purchases to waiting for library copies of popular items.
Many people prefer medicated foods because they find it effective and simple.
Many people prefer morning, while others prefer the evening.
Many people prefer ninety minute sessions for optimal relaxation.
Many people prefer no-load funds because all of their invested money goes to work from the start.
Many people prefer others to fail so they never have to confront their own shortcomings.
Many people prefer payroll deduction because of the convenience.
Many people prefer personal nutrition counseling.
Many people prefer printed material with which to learn.
Many people prefer qmail.
Many people prefer ranch homes because they offer easier, single-level living.
Many people prefer reading from paper.
Many people prefer receiving one daily digest that has all message combined.
Many people prefer red-fleshed melons because they are the more familiar color.
Many people prefer short-term training with high saturation.
Many people prefer simple information to flashy graphics.
Many people prefer skijor belts with leg loops to keep the belt from riding up.
Many people prefer soakers and bubblers because the water can actually be seen.
Many people prefer solid marble instead.
Many people prefer styles that simulate cedar shingles or shakes, tiles, slate, etc.
Many people prefer such guidance.
Many people prefer taking it first thing in the morning on an empty stomach.
Many people prefer text browsers because of their speed.
Many people prefer that surnames be written in all caps to aid visual scanning.
Many people prefer the alcoholic tincture.
Many people prefer the books that use root words as a guide.
Many people prefer the browner chips.
Many people prefer the convenience of capsules over powder.
Many people prefer the electric version of the pizelle iron, which, of course, is more expensive.
Many people prefer the enjoyment of a chilled soft drink, juice or mineral water while tubbing.
Many people prefer the familiar to something new.
Many people prefer the flexibility of renting.
Many people prefer the idea of learning at work to learning at a college or university.
Many people prefer the option of having physical access if required for any reason.
Many people prefer the private clubs, which offer their members much more comfort and privacy.
Many people prefer the relaxed atmosphere when negotiating business deals.
Many people prefer the role of consultant, and operate more effectively as a strategist and adviser.
Many people prefer the sedan, as they can have their luggage hidden from view in the boot.
Many people prefer the services offered by chiropractors for their back pain.
Many people prefer the short-term projects of task forces, to the work of committees.
Many people prefer the sulfate free shampoo for environmental reasons.
Many people prefer the taste of hard water to water that has been softened.
Many people prefer the taste of peanuts over soybeans.
Many people prefer the taste of unsalted butter.
Many people prefer the vibrant, long lasting colors that are provided by annual wildflowers.
Many people prefer the white meat of pork over red meat as well.
Many people prefer to add salt to taste.
Many people prefer to add the clear coat so that they can color sand and buff the vehicle.
Many people prefer to arrange cover over the telephone from the comfort of their home.
Many people prefer to avoid dressings wherever possible.
Many people prefer to be the detectives and others just enjoy watching the others have fun.
Many people prefer to be waited upon, rather than to serve themselves.
Many people prefer to bury the pain and to try to forget.
Many people prefer to buy straight from the company.
Many people prefer to buy their parrotlet organic fruits and vegetables.
Many people prefer to buy their used car from a dealer.
Many people prefer to camp in the fall or spring.
Many people prefer to camp in the wilderness.
Many people prefer to carry a lighter and use that as their primary fire starter.
Many people prefer to carry on business as a corporation.
Many people prefer to choose the colors to be used on their Web sites.
Many people prefer to clean their crabs before cooking.
Many people prefer to complete their study as quickly as possible and enter the full-time program.
Many people prefer to conduct business over the phone.
Many people prefer to deal with people rather that a computer terminal.
Many people prefer to dispense with a committal service.
Many people prefer to do business with people they know, their old classmates.
Many people prefer to do their own thing, to spend the day in peace and quite away from the rest.
Many people prefer to domesticate eland rather than cattle due to their numerous benefits.
Many people prefer to domesticate eland rather than domestic Cattle due to their numerous benefits.
Many people prefer to donate to a worthy organization rather than to send funeral flowers.
Many people prefer to eat less real jam or jelly than to eat the regular amount of a low-sugar jam.
Many people prefer to eat salty snacks.
Many people prefer to get calcium from sources other than dairy products.
Many people prefer to give in rather than struggle through the conflict.
Many people prefer to have a pest control professional make the applications.
Many people prefer to have artificial tree which can be folded away and used many following years.
Many people prefer to have automotive repair work performed by someone else.
Many people prefer to have the large, standing floor models because of their convenience.
Many people prefer to have the tv pause automatically after each line.
Many people prefer to housebreak their dogs using a method called 'crate training'.
Many people prefer to include one or more endowment funds as beneficiaries under their estate plan.
Many people prefer to just forget about the big questions involved, and get on with their lives.
Many people prefer to just make the purchase without waiting to get the highest bid.
Many people prefer to learn by example so they can see for themselves how something is done.
Many people prefer to leave their castings in the white stone.
Many people prefer to live close to their work.
Many people prefer to live in a community with others of the same age and with similar interests.
Many people prefer to make their own.
Many people prefer to paint their own designs or totems onto their drums, using acrylic paints.
Many people prefer to paint their own designs or totems onto their frums, using acrylic paints.
Many people prefer to pay by check .
Many people prefer to pay for workshops using a credit card.
Many people prefer to pay their loan at their local, friendly branch.
Many people prefer to pay with a money order to maintain their anonymity.
Many people prefer to phone instead of using email.
Many people prefer to place the dog on a table or bench to make the work easier.
Many people prefer to put the drops directly in the mouth or in diluted organic fruit juice.
Many people prefer to read magazines to newspapers, for example.
Many people prefer to receive spiritual counseling from their own pastor, minister, or rabbi.
Many people prefer to remain anonymous and donate money towards research.
Many people prefer to save Daily Bible Study files for later offline reading.
Many people prefer to see something before they believe in it.
Many people prefer to shop with others and talk about what they are buying or feeling.
Many people prefer to simply download the document to their own computer and then view it.
Many people prefer to spend their time doing other things they enjoy more.
Many people prefer to splash in a pretty disinfected pool.
Many people prefer to start with the hardest or least pleasant tasks.
Many people prefer to start with the joys and mishaps of a puppy or younger dog.
Many people prefer to stay at home and can with proper support.
Many people prefer to steam asparagus, although roasted asparagus is an absolute delight.
Many people prefer to stick with the system they know.
Many people prefer to substitute honey in place of sugar in recipes.
Many people prefer to support charities that are working in their own communities.
Many people prefer to surf the web with images turned off.
Many people prefer to take fewer pills to cover their nutritional needs.
Many people prefer to tranquilize their dogs prior to travel.
Many people prefer to travel by foot or on bicycles for long journeys.
Many people prefer to travel by horse or mule, which requires reservations many months in advance.
Many people prefer to use a rudder.
Many people prefer to use drop handlebars as found on our Road bikes .
Many people prefer to use it before breakfast and at night to assist deep sleep.
Many people prefer to use no condoms at all.
Many people prefer to use professionals to manage their property rather than do it themselves.
Many people prefer to use the term dryland degradation, since it is less liable to mislead.
Many people prefer to visit the canyon during the winter months.
Many people prefer to walk in the countryside on their own or with just a few good friends.
Many people prefer to wear their undergarments during the massage.
Many people prefer to wear their underpants during a massage.
Many people prefer to windsurf in the harbor.
Many people prefer to work part-time as it allows time for other interests.
Many people prefer to work together in organisations for a common purpose.
Many people prefer to write each subprogram in a separate file.
Many people prefer uncut clusters of rock crystal.
Many people prefer using a power of attorney to manage financial affairs when feasible.
Many people prefer using the trigger spray, which can cover a wider area faster.
Many people prefer viewing and reading the manuals rather than working through a demo.
Many people prefer water to soft drinks.
Many people prefer young puppies and are willing to accept the inherent risks involved.
Many people prepare for a training or study session by getting a full night's sleep.
Many people prepare for many things.
Many people prepare for the exams by watching movies and television in English.
Many people prepare more food than is needed.
Many people prepare their first wills when their children are young.
Many people pre-pay for funeral services.
Many people present eggs as gifts.
Many people present only some of the facts and choose the ones that favor their position.
Many people present themselves as experts in various phases of drilling operations.
Many people presume a new battery comes fully charged.
Many people presume that the liability insurance provided by a car rental firm has very high limits.
Many people pretend that it is.
Many people pretend to be religious, but commit the greatest atrocities in the name of religion.
Many people price their horses allowing some leeway for negotiating.
Many people pride themselves on their independence and self-control.
Many people print e-mail messages.
Many people print out web pages for reading later.
Many people prize the delicacy and clarity of acacia honey.
Many people probably commit crimes and never feel any remorse towards it.
Many people probably go through life never knowing that they are heterozygous - or homozygous.
Many people probably grow more flowers in the cemetery plots than in at home.
Many people probably know the use of Internet for education.
Many people probably pray, or just have conversations with, long-deceased relatives.
Many people probably think of forensic toxicologists, who study poisons and antidotes.
Many people probably think that politeness is simply a social lubricant.
Many people process excess cholesterol naturally and never encounter any problems.
Many people procrastinate because they are paralyzed by a looming deadline.
Many people procrastinate filling their income tax forms each year.
Many people produce a zine because they think it's cool.
Many people profess a willingness to do more for the environment.
Many people profit from writing an outline before attempting to write deathless prose.
Many people prolong their stay by crossing the border and having their passport stamped again.
Many people promise almost anything while delivering almost nothing.
Many people protest that, and in fact have, for years.
Many people provide lengthy autobiographies in the cover letter.
Many people provide special nesting boxes along fence rows for bluebirds.
Many people provide special nesting boxes along fencerows for bluebirds.
Many people prowl round Mount Sinai.
Many people publish information indivisually.
Many people publish their ads in large, high-circulation, general newspapers or magazines.
Many people pull out their maps and look for the nearest food joint.
Many people purchase a computer system without contemplating their needs a year down the road.
Many people purchase a ferret that was altered when the kit was very young.
Many people purchase a majority of store brands.
Many people purchase a spa because they want to use it whenever they please.
Many people purchase bottled water because they prefer the taste.
Many people purchase cut melons to judge ripeness from inside appearance.
Many people purchase goats just to live in their cattle pastures.
Many people purchase handguns for protection.
Many people purchase items there, having watched the item being produced by the craftsman.
Many people purchase life insurance policies for themselves or a loved one.
Many people purchase longer domains in order to incorporate multiple keywords into the name.
Many people purchase new printers and still have supplies left from their old one.
Many people purchase pet birds having done little or no research.
Many people purchase plots in advance.
Many people purchase rabbits in the spring.
Many people pursue a law degree in order to be more effective or influential in their field.
Many people pursue avocations related to planet Earth processes and materials.
Many people pursue higher education to enhance their employment prospects and earnings.
Many people pursue international studies because of global concerns.
Many people pursue true happiness throughout their lives.
Many people push away their attraction to one sex due to societal or peer pressure.
Many people push beyond that, right up to the snow.
Many people put a lot of links there.
Many people put a short message and a link to a specific auction in an appropriate newsgroup.
Many people put aside money to take care of unexpected expenses.
Many people put cat doors on their garage or crack the garage door so the cats can get inside.
Many people put edible flowers in their punch bowl ice rings.
Many people put eggshells in the compost pile.
Many people put elaborate info on their Profiles, others simply get their flag flying.
Many people put food out for birds, but fewer provide a regular supply of clean water.
Many people put forth heroic efforts to re-establish their lives and rebuild their surroundings.
Many people put in extra hours to help the concessions run smoothly.
Many people put in lots of work for everything to turn out like it did.
Many people put just one corner on the bottom, and others choose to do all four corners.
Many people put limits on the amount of time they can actively be involved in service.
Many people put more thought and effort into choosing a car than into choosing a psychotherapist.
Many people put new windows in their homes for one reason or the other.
Many people put on the snow shoes and take a hike on the trails.
Many people put only bare-bones information in their signatures.
Many people put seed out for garden birds, and many more realise how long the winter is.
Many people put tar paper on their roofs long ago.
Many people put their assets in joint tenancy for the purpose of avoiding probate.
Many people put their cats, iguanas and gorillas in the garage.
Many people put their creative energies into landscaping and gardening and interior decorating.
Many people put their houseplants outside for the summer.
Many people put their plants outdoors during warm, humid weather.
Many people put their resumes on line, and include their Web address in their printed resumes.
Many people put their snail mail address and phone in their signature.
Many people put their tax refunds to work by adding on to their homes.
Many people put things like their contact information or a journal in their .plans.
Many people put up gourds or more expensive bird houses for the purple martin.
Many people qualify for energy assistance, but they never ask about it.
Many people qualify for more home than they expect.
Many people qualify for some assistance.
Many people question and challenge their faith or philosophy of life when a loved one dies.
Many people question if their one vote can make a difference.
Many people question the importance of the doctrine of a recent abrupt creation.
Many people question the practice of growing crops to feed livestock.
Many people question the reliability of search engines.
Many people question the safety of shopping on the Internet using their credit card.
Many people question the value of a penny and how such a small amount can make a difference.
Many people question their dentist as to which brand or type of brush is the best to use.
Many people question whether research supports investing in technology for the classroom.
Many people question whether the end result produces a harder, longer- lasting bar of soap.
Many people question why the government is keeping mum about the North.
Many people question why they suffer.
Many people quickly open their bills, save the statement and toss the rest in the trash.
Many people quit looking for work then they find a job.
Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.
Many people quit smoking with help from printed materials.
Many people quit the church.
Many people quit.
Many people race to class directly from work, and run to the dance floor at the very last second.
Many people rack up debt because offers can be so enticing.
Many people raise an eyebrow after learning there is a burgeoning Arab rap scene.
Many people raise the ineffective assistance of counsel issue.
Many people rang and offered moral support today.
Many people rank immediate pleasure and gratification higher than how they look.
Many people rave about it, but it is really no big deal to implement it.
Many people reach a crossroads sometime in their life.
Many people reach for a drink to calm their nerves, but the result can be just the opposite.
Many people reach our pages looking for safety slogans as their search words.
Many people reach the point at which they want to do something quite different.
Many people react badly to nickel, which is present it high quantities in surgical stainless.
Many people react badly to stress though some find it an essential stimulus.
Many people react differently to carbon monoxide exposure.
Many people react strangely to the idea of interracial adoptions.
Many people react to it unconsciously.
Many people react to mold by getting tired and even depressed.
Many people react to stress by tightening their muscles, often without realizing it.
Many people react to the word forgiveness because it conjures up negative thoughts.
Many people react with headaches, fatigue, and difficulty breathing.
Many people read a book or eat breakfast while using the lights.
Many people read and commented on drafts of the manuscript.
Many people read books.
Many people read comic strips in the newspaper.
Many people read holiday brochures more closely than a developer's small print.
Many people read it with interest.
Many people read many books and speak a lot.
Many people read news via modem lines, or by downloading the articles in bulk.
Many people read news via slow modem lines, or by downloading the articles in bulk.
Many people read newspapers or watch TV and believe all that is published or presented.
Many people read only the captions and look at the photos.
Many people read only the headlines of a news item.
Many people read our signs as they passed by.
Many people read that and interpret it in a more convenient way, and then they get into trouble.
Many people read the chat and login only if they want to write something.
Many people read the designer's diary in order to know how the games are done.
Many people read the passages of scripture against homosexuals quite literally.
Many people read the posts for information and get annoyed at blatant advertising.
Many people read their Bibles but refuse to do what it says like our musician friend.
Many people read their daily horoscope, if only for entertainment.
Many people read their own works of poetry.
Many people read their park plugs wrong.
Many people readopt in New Jersey in order to get a New Jersey birth certificate for the child.
Many people realize it quite clearly.
Many people realize just how important the design of a web site is to their online image.
Many people realize that excessive fat consumption is unhealthy.
Many people realize that privacy is a rare commodity on the Web.
Many people realize that their churches now are much friendlier places.
Many people realize that there are many advantages to effectively leveraging Internet technologies.
Many people realize that they have made errors on returns that have already been mailed.
Many people realize the importance of exercise for general health and weight control.
Many people realize the power of affirmations.
Many people realize their dream of owning their own business.
Many people realize they are recovering in the course of the second year.
Many people realize they have made errors on returns after the returns have been mailed.
Many people really believe that such moments are pivotal in the human and religious experience.
Many people really do lose their jobs just like in the real world of work.
Many people really enjoy going into chatrooms and interacting with other people online.
Many people really enjoy the continuing stimulation.
Many people really like being able to name the pets.
Many people really like spending more money than they make.
Many people reap the rewards of their hard work during the waning period.
Many people rear armadillos as edible house pets.
Many people rearrange their lives to steer clear of their fears.
Many people rebel against the legal and social rules imposed by a society.
Many people recall the various bands which existed over the years in the community.
Many people recall their childhood nostalgically.
Many people receive a combination of therapies, sometimes known as multimodal therapy .
Many people receive a false sense of security by holding a physical disk in their hands.
Many people receive a quarterly dividend check and simply spend it.
Many people receive additional radiation for medical reasons.
Many people receive additional radiation fro medical reasons.
Many people receive benefits from coming to our circles.
Many people receive benefits under both programs.
Many people receive bonuses at the end of the year.
Many people receive DUIs.
Many people receive healing when they are prayed for by believers.
Many people receive notice by e-mail whenever selected Web sites are changed or updated.
Many people receive painful stings when they stumble across a nest.
Many people receive prescient messages through dreams.
Many people receive retirement income.
Many people receive the word with joy, and it even starts growing.
Many people receive their credit reports yet have no idea what the strange numbers signify.
Many people receive well-meaning but misguided or, in fact, incorrect, advice.
Many people receiving treatment also benefit from joining mutual support groups.
Many people reckon that dishes cooked with Chinese medicinal herbs are both nourishing and healing.
Many people reclaim their leftover clay.
Many people recognise that the world has a problem but are unsure of what it is.
Many people recognise the above emblem.
Many people recognize a crisis in the moral and religious climate in our country and in the world.
Many people recognize the name, but few know the man.
Many people recognize the problems.
Many people recommend full face helmets.
Many people recommend ginger-root tea as a substitute.
Many people recommend Oaknet and are happy with their services.
Many people recommend taking a walk after dinner, and that s a great idea.
Many people recommend that educators get into the habit of keeping a teaching journal.
Many people recommend the periodic oiling of the wood with bore oil.
Many people recommend using daylilies.
Many people recommend warming and humidifying the air that the child is breathing.
Many people record new messages at least once a day.
Many people record their family history research on computer.
Many people recover from addiction without expert help.
Many people recover from an episode of illness and enjoy long periods of complete health.
Many people recover from eating disorders and disordered eating.
Many people recover from social anxiety disorder an enjoy more productive lives.
Many people recover their full physical and mental functioning when they emerge from a coma.
Many people recover.
Many people recycle aluminum cans, plastic and glass pop bottles at buy-back centers.
Many people reduce it strictly to dollars and cents.
Many people reenact historical events as a hobby, especially famous wars and battles.
Many people refer to a male mule as a john mule, but the term is informal.
Many people refer to any pain in the shoulder as bursitis.
Many people refer to community-oriented policing as a strategy or tactic.
Many people refer to custom rate guides if available.
Many people refer to deathwatch beetles as wood-boring beetles.
Many people refer to it as good or bad vibes.
Many people refer to it as the hip bone.
Many people refer to moles as any dark spot or irregularity in the skin.
Many people refer to reading, writing, relating, speaking, and thinking as literacy or basic skills.
Many people refer to stonefish as ugly because they are covered with bumpy, warty, slimy skin.
Many people refer to that as depression.
Many people refer to the area as the Silicon Valley of the Midwest.
Many people refer to the upper and lower abs.
Many people refer to themselves as a nutritionist.
Many people refer to vortexes as positive or negative.
Many people refinance a piece of commercial real estate to avoid having to sell it and pay tax now.
Many people refinance before that time.
Many people refinance their existing mortgage with the goal of lowering their monthly payments.
Many people refinance to a fixed rate so they don t have to worry about fluctuations in their rate.
Many people refrain from visiting museums and sites.
Many people refund their arrangements in order to relieve loved ones of future financial burden.
Many people refuse compliments.
Many people refuse the federal excise tax on their phone bills.
Many people refuse to admit that they are hard of hearing.
Many people refuse to be affected.
Many people refuse to believe that anything was done without some form of physical evidence.
Many people refuse to believe that imaginary moss exists at all, others say that it is just skill.
Many people refuse to commit to any kind of a long range endeavor.
Many people refuse to deny their shortcomings.
Many people refuse to drink in their final days or hours.
Many people refuse to fill out forms.
Many people refuse to listen to their conscience.
Many people refuse to look at the laws.
Many people refuse to question the conventional medical wisdom.
Many people refuse to use manuals.
Many people regain the weight after they stop dieting.
Many people regard amphetamines as inherently evil.
Many people regard behavior as one entity i.e., the measurable behavior.
Many people regard China s potential as an economic powerhouse as a new phenomenon.
Many people regard con games as being a big city crime.
Many people regard content and document management as a similar process.
Many people regard country ham as an acquired taste because it's so salty.
Many people regard Egypt as having some special knowledge that supersedes modern science.
Many people regard health and safety as simply a common sense issue.
Many people regard it as little more than a necessary evil.
Many people regard it when in full strength as about the most ill-smelling of drugs.
Many people regard late life and depression as being synonymous.
Many people regard 'live' albums as somehow inferior to studio albums.
Many people regard meditation as an inward thing, a route to passivity.
Many people regard mobile phones to be exclusively used for voice conversations.
Many people regard palms as the 'princes' of the plant kingdom.
Many people regard salespeople as liars, cheats and commercial vultures.
Many people regard the aerobatic atlantic salmon as the ultimate in fresh water fly fishing.
Many people regard the infinite as a great mystery.
Many people regard the Oak Park school system as being in serious trouble.
Many people regard the status bar as their very private affair, and rightfully so.
Many people register at numerous stores.
Many people register for two years at a time.
Many people register in all three domains to avoid spoofing by wiseguys.
Many people regret getting the kitten that night.
Many people regret having had that impulsive tattoo.
Many people regret lacking the courage or discipline to excel.
Many people regret never having found the courage to try something different.
Many people regularly consult the oracle, looking for guidance or inspiration.
Many people regularly drink tea and coffee.
Many people regularly fish from the Bay and the food caught is an important part of their diets.
Many people regularly go hungry.
Many people regularly leave with a few choice bottles.
Many people regularly visit our library and know it's a warm and cozy place.
Many people regularly work out at a gym or take an aerobics or yoga class every week.
Many people reject the spiritual side of the tradition because of extraneous societal problems.
Many people relapse or fail to respond at all.
Many people relate to others by trying to be impressive.
Many people release their emotions in a gentle, energetic form.
Many people release unwanted aquarium pets into natural waters.
Many people relish a chance to observe the behavior of others.
Many people rely instinctively on how something feels.
Many people rely on affordable self-help law products to handle routine legal problems.
Many people rely on candles for light at night, which poses a fire risk.
Many people rely on drugs in order to control their every day lives.
Many people rely on government assistance to obtain housing.
Many people rely on groundwater for drinking, cooking and other household uses.
Many people rely on gut instinct to make decisions that turn out to be wasteful and unproductive.
Many people rely on in-home daycare in Juneau.
Many people rely on loans to help pay for their higher educational pursuits.
Many people rely on order and structure in their lives to feel comfort and happiness.
Many people rely on our services in finding a partner for contact or for a long term relationship.
Many people rely on prescription medications to maintain their health.
Many people rely on ratings and user comments before they download a program.
Many people rely on recommendations from friends or on advertisements.
Many people rely on river water for cooking, drinking and washing.
Many people rely on runoff from mountain glaciers and snowfields for their water supply.
Many people rely on shared computing and networks simultaneously.
Many people rely on small gardens or farms for food.
Many people rely on subsistence agriculture.
Many people rely on that interest deduction to substantially lower their tax bill.
Many people rely on the recommendations or warnings from others so please - take a moment to share.
Many people rely on their jobs at small businesses to support themselves and their families.
Many people rely on their land to earn a living and maintain their culture and community.
Many people rely on word of mouth and friends moving from flat to flat to find a place to live.
Many people rely only on the ads in the paper, which is a common mistake.
Many people rely strictly on the government for financial help.
Many people rely too heavily on the spell checker on their computer.
Many people rely upon clerks at health food stores for recommendations.
Many people rely upon public transportation in Hungary.
Many people remain at a point where they have a lot of doubts.
Many people remain at the cemetery throughout the night.
Many people remain disillusioned and distrustful of the nation's democratic institutions.
Many people remain in denial about the earthquake.
Many people remain in the closet their entire life because they fear rejection.
Many people remain pessimistic about whether cargo theft can be quashed.
Many people remain reluctant to give out their credit card numbers over the Internet.
Many people remain trapped because of the sustained bombardment in Grozny and elsewhere in Chechnya.
Many people remain unaccounted for.
Many people remain unaware of warnings in their state.
Many people remain unaware that a special orders department still exists today.
Many people remain undiagnosed out of fear of being told they have a psychological disorder.
Many people remain uninsured due to cultural influences.
Many people remain vigorous, creative, and productive in their later years.
Many people remark on how beautiful the church compound is.
Many people remark on how they value the period of silence at the heart of each community prayer.
Many people remember collecting pecans from the native trees in the area.
Many people remember Elaine trying to keep up with the boys.
Many people remember failures like Korea and Vietnam but few recall the victory in Malaya.
Many people remember having an episode of genital herpes.
Many people remember key cap covers in typing class.
Many people remember songs from days gone by.
Many people remember the deliciously sweet, fragrant strawberries picked from their home garden.
Many people remember the fun they had riding bicycles as children.
Many people remember the pole, but they always remember who won.
Many people remember the telescope had to be rescued three times by shuttle astronauts.
Many people remember their elementary teachers versus their high school teachers.
Many people remember their great teachers for their inspiration.
Many people remember their vintage Subaru fondly.
Many people remember using nettles in a tonic and to relieve rheumatism.
Many people remember what it was like and now share their memories with their children.
Many people remember worrying about simple little things.
Many people reminisce about climbing up the stairs to a dance hall.
Many people remove pets from the home to attempt flea control.
Many people remove the hook while the fish is still alive.
Many people remove the rod entirely.
Many people renew their membership every year by attending their local banquet.
Many people renew their retainer as they receive reports on an ongoing basis.
Many people rent a car by the week or month while they decide on buying a new or used car.
Many people rent a scooter to get around.
Many people rent boats at the lake.
Many people rent machines like carpet cleaners.
Many people rent small cabins, camp or stay in hotels.
Many people rent to keep their options open for quick relocation.
Many people repay by means of small monthly payments.
Many people replace fat with muscle.
Many people replace it with tiny pieces of jelly made of 'China Grass'.
Many people report a floating feeling.
Many people report a net savings when orthotics are worn.
Many people report a physical-like environment.
Many people report a sense of relief as they bring a buried possible self into focus.
Many people report a transformation, often slow, in their perception of online life.
Many people report a varying range of emotions before,during and after their search.
Many people report a wilderness solo to have been a life-transforming experience.
Many people report an inability to control themselves once a sexual preoccupation begins.
Many people report an increased sense of well-being.
Many people report auras or lights before a migraine begins.
Many people report being afraid of speaking before a large audience.
Many people report being concerned or fearful of crime.
Many people report being exposed to alcoholism in their families.
Many people report being unable to find a file they ve downloaded.
Many people report difficulty with protein foods in the few months after surgery.
Many people report dreams that appear to be precognitive.
Many people report entering an Internet chat room and find themselves hours later unable to leave.
Many people report faster and more reliable connection speeds than they had with our competitors.
Many people report feeling a lot better when they regulate their bowels with colon cleansing.
Many people report feeling a sense of elation when they start their day off with fruit.
Many people report feeling depressed after taking ecstasy.
Many people report feeling healthy and content as a result of their volunteer activities.
Many people report feeling sad for no reason.
Many people report feeling uncomfortable with the idea of homosexual and lesbian relations.
Many people report fewer sexual partners, more abstinence, and less high risk activity.
Many people report general but discernible differences with essences.
Many people report having difficulty with simple tasks.
Many people report hearing a buzzing prior to an abduction.
Many people report improved sleep patterns and a well rested feeling upon arising.
Many people report improvement in their skin too.
Many people report increased clarity and alertness on the very first day.
Many people report increased energy, clarity of thought, and decreased hunger.
Many people report increased feelings of well-being when taking the herb.
Many people report increased numbers of migraine headaches occurring over the weekend.
Many people report increased success from removing all articles of clothing.
Many people report increases in stress and anxiety when they try to give up smoking.
Many people report initial relief because of talking to a caring and concerned person.
Many people report it helps alleviate pain and stress.
Many people report it's a high hit page.
Many people report notably smoother sound from their main speakers when the lows go only to a sub.
Many people report physical symptoms that accompany grief.
Many people report poor, restless and unrefreshing sleep when using caffeinated products.
Many people report problems recording a decent audio signal to their computer sound cards.
Many people report receiving various cuts, scrapes or bruises which heal or fade with time.
Many people report relief from nighttime leg cramps through adding extra calcium to the diet.
Many people report seeing colors, or images, or receive information in the form of messages.
Many people report similar answers.
Many people report such experiences.
Many people report taking a drug holiday.
Many people report that air filters and air purifiers are an immense help.
Many people report that being in the presence of dolphins and whales has changed their lives.
Many people report that dealing with coworkers is their biggest source of stress on the job.
Many people report that every new sound is a fascinating new experience.
Many people report that feeding their horse apple vinegar makes the horse less attractive to flies.
Many people report that finasteride also helps to reduce excess body hair.
Many people report that foods and chemicals aggravate their condition.
Many people report that it brought back their first love of programming.
Many people report that it is a natural feeling to hug the other person and feel protected.
Many people report that it is natural feeling to hug the other person and feel protected.
Many people report that it's effects, sometimes only recognized in retrospect are exhausting.
Many people report that jet lag is worse upon return home.
Many people report that seasons affect their moods.
Many people report that sound is more compelling than eye movement or tapping.
Many people report that the unpleasant side effects start to subside after a few months.
Many people report that their first episodes of depressin occurred during their school years.
Many people report that their symptoms occur following a meal or when they are under stress.
Many people report that they are more focused and can concentrate over extended periods more easily.
Many people report that they require less sleep when using mat .
Many people report the sensation that they are being watched over by a guardian angel.
Many people report they are finding sprituality in a variety of places.
Many people report they become ill after a viral infection.
Many people report using marijuana recently, usually via smoking, for pain relief.
Many people report very interesting and sometimes vivid dreams.
Many people represent themselves at the hearing.
Many people represent themselves in divorce cases.
Many people request ergonomics evaluations of workstations as a preventative measure.
Many people request new traffic signals in their neighborhoods.
Many people request only a few tons or cubic yards.
Many people request our guidelines for submission.
Many people request permission to see the chimpanzees on the Baboon Islands.
Many people request portraits of their pets.
Many people require a special insole for their shoes.
Many people require access to multiple computer systems.
Many people require help and lots of time to learn to control their response to anger.
Many people require lifelong medication for hypothyroidism.
Many people require more than one drug to control their hypertension .
Many people require more than one drug to control their hypertension.
Many people require more than one visual device.
Many people require only elastic stockings for support during daily activities.
Many people require reference information in a paperless fashion.
Many people require total isolation and immunity from noise on serial links.
Many people require two or more drugs to control their blood pressure.
Many people resent binaries in non-binary newsgroup .
Many people resent demands for equality from an outcast group.
Many people resent having to go to a doctor to get permission to go to another doctor.
Many people resent other people's success.
Many people resent the intrusion.
Many people reside here permanently, with stable incomes, families, even land.
Many people residing in rural environments live in absolute poverty.
Many people resist amplification because of the social stigma associated with hearing loss.
Many people resist change because they're afraid of the unknown.
Many people resist getting to know their true selves.
Many people resist signing up and still more drop out before completing courses.
Many people resist taking medicines, especially when they are feeling well.
Many people resist the idea of a budget, associating it with hardship.
Many people resist the idea of using condoms.
Many people resist their emotions because they fear the consequences of expressing their feelings.
Many people resist vegetarianism, and it can take years before they are ready to adopt the diet.
Many people resolve many problems by understanding their past lives.
Many people resolve to lose wait.
Many people resort to boiling water that they draw from streams or lakes.
Many people resort to desperate measures to take off the extra pounds.
Many people resort to medications with varying degrees of success.
Many people resort to vinyl coated white wooden fencing because it needs less painting maintenance.
Many people respect the dead .
Many people respect the dead.
Many people respond by trying to look and act like the people in the ads.
Many people respond in brands to heart and soul.
Many people respond to cognitive-behavioral psychotherapy for depression.
Many people respond to colourful animations and sound.
Many people respond to emotional stress by tensing the neck muscles.
Many people respond to stress by overeating.
Many people respond to the devotionals as a favorite feature on the site.
Many people respond to their problems ineffectively.
Many people respond with depression, anxiety, fear or confusion instead of anger.
Many people rest on their 'failures' and never go any further.
Many people restrict their record keeping to lists of birds seen.
Many people restrict themselves needlessly to only a few possible jobs.
Many people retain a considerable degree of social skills.
Many people retreat from close emotional contact, frustrating spouses and partners.
Many people return each year.
Many people return here year after year because they find Lancaster County so special.
Many people return home feeling that they have made a new friend.
Many people return in the same week.
Many people return to normal activity right away.
Many people return to their previous level of activity within a month or so after surgery.
Many people return to work just a few days after surgery.
Many people return transformed, with a new definition of reality and their own ability to create.
Many people return within three to five days.
Many people return year after year for the super skiing, great prices and warm Montana hospitality.
Many people return year after year to enjoy the peace and quiet of the canal.
Many people return year after year to pick up some bargains, and help out a good cause, too.
Many people revere Nobel laureates as if they are infallible gods.
Many people revise their plans or direction after learning more about the requirements needed.
Many people rewrite their wills several times over the course of their lives.
Many people ride bikes for different reasons.
Many people ride bikes to lose weight.
Many people ride bikes, too.
Many people ride for recreation, or maybe to run short errands around town.
Many people ride terrifying animals in war.
Many people ride the bus daily.
Many people ride their bicycles for recreation and commuting.
Many people ridicule the power of Jesus today.
Many people rightfully pride themselves on their own self-sufficiency, reliance, independence.
Many people rightfully wonder whether the eclipse can be observed safely.
Many people ring as a contribution to church life.
Many people ring the foundation about palpitations.
Many people rise early to exercise before daily responsibilities begin.
Many people risk money on investments such as stocks that have uncertain and risky futures.
Many people route web requests through a cache.
Many people routinely archive newsgroups of personal interest.
Many people routinely empty their nest boxes before the onset of the next breeding season.
Many people routinely experience drastic changes in blood sugar levels.
Many people routinely get a massage.
Many people routinely have to drive an hour to and from work every day.
Many people rummage through local waste transfer sites hoping to make use of others' unwanted goods.
Many people run for SG because of the perceived power that they can attain.
Many people run in such situations.
Many people run into credit problems during their divorce because things get out of control.
Many people run it as a screensaver.
Many people run jobs interactively.
Many people run multiple sites under one domain name by using subdomains.
Many people run service businesses.
Many people run small stores out of their homes.
Many people run the race just to see if they can do it.
Many people run their business from home on either a full time or part time basis.
Many people run their lives on the principle of imitation.
Many people run their mouth in the presence of the wicked.
Many people run their words together, or speak without enthusiasm.
Many people run to a bottle of booze, and they try to drink their troubles away.
Many people run with water bottles so they can drink small sips throughout their run.
Many people rush and end up dancing on the null beat, throwing their timing off.
Many people rush, rush, rush, and wear themselves out.
Many people sacrifice their lives at the altar of meth.
Many people safely reuse their syringes.
Many people save and use their old newspapers.
Many people save baby food jars and other throwaways to use for crafts or hobbies.
Many people save for vacations by placing money in a savings or money market account.
Many people save for years for wedding celebrations.
Many people save for years in order to enjoy the Hawaiian vacation of their dreams.
Many people save their hiking for the weekends when they can plan day trips.
Many people save their lulav until Passover and then use it to burn the chametz .
Many people save their money in a credit union.
Many people say a couple and before questioning is ended they are up to a six pack.
Many people say a hand saw is a basic tool.
Many people say a tornado sounds like a freight train.
Many people say an eye for an eye.
Many people say approaching tornadoes sound like a freight train.
Many people say 'cold and flu' when referring to nonspecific viral infections.
Many people say farmers are a dying breed.
Many people say grief is like being on an emotional roller coaster.
Many people say hello and speak a little English with a big smile.
Many people say imitation is the best form of flattery.
Many people say it always feels better to talk a problem or concern over with someone.
Many people say it becomes a fetus when the hearts begins to beat.
Many people say it feels like a mist.
Many people say it feels like being kicked in the chest.
Many people say it feels like food is coming back into the mouth leaving an acid or bitter taste.
Many people say it is a great book.
Many people say it is a problem in their marriage.
Many people say it is similar to lean grass fed beef.
Many people say it looks just like a wedding cake.
Many people say it looks like a sewing machine from the side .
Many people say it looks like a sewing machine from the side.
Many people say it s the most intuitive program they have ever used.
Many people say it smells just like gumdrops.
Many people say it sounds like a freight train.
Many people say it was like seeing a ship being launched.
Many people say it was unexpected.
Many people say it, but few actually do it.
Many people say it's a bloated program.
Many people say it's a choice.
Many people say it's as good as homemade.
Many people say it's impossible to know the purpose of life.
Many people say it's very small.
Many people say life here is very free.
Many people say looking for work is a full-time job.
Many people say necessity is the mother of invention.
Many people say organically grown foods taste better.
Many people say people are driven to make art due to their inner creativity.
Many people say Provo has the most beautiful water in the world.
Many people say sex ruins a friendship.
Many people say Shylock is evil.
Many people say so.
Many people say something similar about what makes an educated person.
Many people say something tastes like shit to mean that it tastes bad.
Many people say that a hernia can be cured by limiting activities and rest.
Many people say that a house is a house until a family is in it, and then it is a home.
Many people say that a human being's job is to get money, sex, etc.
Many people say that a nursing home is the equivalent of a death sentence.
Many people say that a statisticians can manipulate numbers to prove any point.
Many people say that all enclosed trailers look pretty much alike.
Many people say that antimalarials are worse than the disease.
Many people say that Apostolics are legalistic.
Many people say that blind dates never work out.
Many people say that building relationships with customers is profitable.
Many people say that coffee tastes less bitter, juice taste less acidic and in many cases sweeter.
Many people say that credit reports are confusing.
Many people say that eating is nothing but instinct.
Many people say that humans can get all the nutrients they require from a vegetarian diet.
Many people say that humans confuse lust and love.
Many people say that is a citizen's duty to vote in elections.
Many people say that it has to deal with their sheltered upbringings.
Many people say that it is better for animals to be left in the wild.
Many people say that it is going to completely change our way of life.
Many people say that it is impossible to fold a piece of paper in half more than seven times.
Many people say that la llorona is just make-believe.
Many people say that Latin is a dead language.
Many people say that luck is the union of opportunity and preparation.
Many people say that manual shift is more fun, while some say that it is more work than it's worth.
Many people say that mixed breeds have the best temperament and health.
Many people say that most today's local artists copy their music from their western counterparts.
Many people say that onions and garlic can help to kill germs in our body.
Many people say that participation in sports best prepares individuals for many years of real life.
Many people say that prostitution is evil.
Many people say that quite often.
Many people say that s a smoke screen based on Germany s history.
Many people say that scuba diving is a high-risk sport.
Many people say that sports are stupid, only for people who have nothing better to do.
Many people say that students forget much learned knowledge during long summer vacations.
Many people say that technology and the Internet have leveled the playing field.
Many people say that the answer is the power of capitalism, the power of the state.
Many people say that the China-Korea is a classic.
Many people say that the college years are the four most formative in a young person's life.
Many people say that the estate tax brings in a lot of revenue.
Many people say that the exit interview is akin to locking the barn after the horse is stolen.
Many people say that the float is great for piers, bridges, and shore fishing.
Many people say that the kids selling postcards in the streets are pickpockets.
Many people say that the natural environment is like a circle.
Many people say that the next millennium is the century of Asia and Pacific.
Many people say that the ocean realm is truly the last frontier on earth.
Many people say that the restitution process is very limited.
Many people say that the resulting oral solution tastes like fresh, clean water.
Many people say that the right wing is running the show.
Many people say that the skin of the potatoe contains most of the nutrients.
Many people say that the solution is to cut down only a few trees.
Many people say that the tabloids matched the mentality of the people of the time.
Many people say that the toughest part of the plan is nutrition.
Many people say that their hair, skin, and nails have never looked better.
Many people say that there are too many bowl games anyway.
Many people say that they are against the moral code.
Many people say that they are to going to remain virgins until they are married.
Many people say that they are unable to recall any of their dreams.
Many people say that they design websites.
Many people say that they feed squirrels in their garden with cereals.
Many people say that they feel a range of emotions.
Many people say that they feel more limber and relaxed.
Many people say that they just want to run a word processor and use e-mail.
Many people say that they notice tinnitus less when they are doing something.
Many people say that they pair for life.
Many people say that they'll think about it when they are older, as they have no time now.
Many people say that time seems to pass in slow motion during a crisis.
Many people say that, when cooked, it is much like poultry.
Many people say the biggest deterrent of going to jail is the unknown of being there.
Many people say the boom is happening because of advances in technology.
Many people say the problem is being addressed.
Many people say the property tax is an unfair tax on an asset.
Many people say the ruminant has four stomachs.
Many people say the second infusion is the best.
Many people say the stock market is too unstable and therefore is similar to gambling.
Many people say the time that has to be spent in the country is prohibitive.
Many people say their cat doesn t like to wear a collar.
Many people say their dogs mind better than their kids, but they're probably lying.
Many people say their pets have never been kenneled.
Many people say their relationship with their parents improves when children enter the picture.
Many people say their vote doesn t matter.
Many people say there are different kinds, primary and secondary.
Many People say there is a it in sea near the Mexico.
Many people say there is no point in voting because all parties are the same.
Many people say they agree that there is too much suburban sprawl in many parts of the country.
Many people say they are an eyesore.
Many people say they are depressed when really they mean they are sad.
Many people say they are fads.
Many people say they are inspired by the images and touched in deep places.
Many people say they are most enthralled by the 'soap opera', in fact.
Many people say they are pioneers .
Many people say they are pioneers.
Many people say they are safe, while others contend that they can cause health problems.
Many people say they are using a systems approach, but almost no one really is.
Many People say they are wiccan even though they are most likely a type of witch.
Many people say they believe in something, but their actions seem to say otherwise.
Many people say they can smell fear in other people.
Many people say they consider our paper the better one.
Many people say they eat fish rather than beef in hopes of limiting fat and cholesterol.
Many people say they either saw the Night Marchers' torches or heard their drums.
Many people say they experience relief within a few hours.
Many people say they feel better when they get regular exercise.
Many people say they feel better when they go to services.
Many people say they feel calmer and spiritually at ease after a journal-writing session.
Many people say they feel different both physically and mentally once they quit smoking.
Many people say they feel happier on the Internet than they do in real life.
Many people say they feel more energetic, even euphoric after a few days on the diet.
Many people say they feel most cut off at night, as they sit in their darkened homes.
Many people say they gamble just for fun.
Many people say they hate cycling, but find that they love spinning.
Many people say they have an open-door policy.
Many people say they have seen angels and talk to their angels.
Many people say they have seen or heard ghosts.
Many people say they have trouble visualizing.
Many people say they just feel better at a lower weight.
Many people say they learn best in informal settings.
Many people say they never fully recover.
Many people say they never had it served better anywhere.
Many people say they no longer go to funerals as they fear coming home with orphans.
Many people say they still eat animals simply because they taste good.
Many people say they want to skydive, and go their whole lives with out ever jumping.
Many people say they want to stay active so that they continue to live in their home.
Many people say they're tired of driving along side dirty trucks and buses.
Many people say they've stopped watching because of violent and sexual content.
Many people say to let the cotton cook until the smoke quits coming out of the hole.
Many people say today that the family is an arbitrary cultural structure.
Many people say unpasteurized juices taste better.
Many people say what about the 'baby'.
Many people say Yes, at least one or two have said No.
Many people say yes.
Many people say, well, it stands to reason if one dose causes it, then a lower dose won t cause it.
Many people scan only the listings at the beginning of the directories.
Many people scarf down chocolate in secret.
Many people schedule laser resurfacing during a vacation from work or school.
Many people schedule their lives around it.
Many people scoff at recursive algorithms claiming that they are too inefficient.
Many people scratch more when they have nothing else to do with their hands.
Many people search for free classifieds pages to place their own ads.
Many people search for goods and services on the Internet through search engines or web directories.
Many people search for peace.
Many people search for someone to blame.
Many people search for years to find their dream home only to come up empty.
Many people search sites for exactly the weekly method.
Many people search the net everyday looking for a place of refuge.
Many people search the web for homes before relocating or looking for a second home.
Many people search the web to find the web pages of people they know or once knew.
Many people search the world, for that one perfect mate.
Many people searching for a hosting plan have no idea where to look or what to look for.
Many people searching their roots in Ionia find some connection with the prison industry.
Many people see a big divide here.
Many people see a knife-maker as just a guy who makes knives.
Many people see a merging of football and technology.
Many people see a million dollars as a milestone.
Many people see a reflexologist on a regular basis for healthy well being.
Many people see access to education in particular as the key to a brighter future.
Many people see airline pilots as highly paid.
Many people see all martial arts as the same.
Many people see and hear the truth.
Many people see and retransmit virus alerts.
Many people see and use computers as a big, fancy typewriter.
Many people see anger as a negative emotion.
Many people see animals, faces, or buildings in the rocks.
Many people see auctions as an outlet that generates below wholesale prices.
Many people see bids and offers in the newspaper.
Many people see bright spots or zigzag patterns in front of their eyes.
Many people see building a PC as an intimidating task.
Many people see counselors, and many counselors even seek help from other counselors.
Many people see crafts as simply a memento of a pleasurable experience.
Many people see doctors as omnipotent gods able to do all and cure all.
Many people see drug addiction clearly as a choice.
Many people see faeries as innocent little creatures who are angelic little beings.
Many people see fuel cells as the investment opportunity of a lifetime.
Many people see government as inherently inefficient and untrustworthy.
Many people see graffiti as immoral acts of rebellion with little or no thought out cause.
Many people see improvement within a month or less.
Many people see invention as a case where social returns exceed private returns.
Many people see it as an equality issue.
Many people see it as impolite or just plain mean.
Many people see it as renewed hope for conception as well as their last resort.
Many people see it as some sign of American triumph.
Many people see it as the national river of Russia .
Many people see it as the national river of Russia.
Many people see it as the unofficial image of Spain .
Many people see it as the unofficial image of Spain.
Many people see it as the way to build products better, faster, and cheaper.
Many people see it for the first time from a cruise ship.
Many people see it is as a product from the past.
Many people see it, or choose to see it, as lying.
Many people see Japan as a place to buy high-tech goods only.
Many people see little problem with the amount of money being spent on campaigns.
Many people see locked doors in life without even turning the knob.
Many people see Managua as one of the safest cities in America to live in.
Many people see many things wrong with interleague play.
Many people see minivans as family vehicles, and rather tame ones to boot.
Many people see moose on their trips, and almost everyone sees and hears loons.
Many people see multiple physicians and receive different prescriptions from each one.
Many people see music as pure entertainment, just showbiz.
Many people see no harm in allowing gay people to 'do their own thing'.
Many people see nothing immoral about homosexuality between consenting adults.
Many people see only the vertical post.
Many people see organizations as machines, organisms, persons, groups, families, family dynasties .
Many people see our courts as too slow, too expensive and overly complicated.
Many people see overpayment of their taxes as a convenient savings plan.
Many people see philanthropy merely as a marketing tool.
Many people see physical death as the end.
Many people see pornography as a moral issue.
Many people see recycling as their way to help preserve the planet.
Many people see rejecting their childhood religion as being like rejecting their own grandmother.
Many people see results in a week.
Many people see results within one or two treatments.
Many people see rhododenron bushes in yards and on lawns every day and think nothing of it.
Many people see salvage excavation and survey as just another contract project.
Many people see sand as readily available and relatively simple to find.
Many people see setting smaller goals as a weakness in their own ability.
Many people see snakes as slimey creatures.
Many people see sports wagering simply as an activity in which there are no victims.
Many people see technology as a force that has escaped from human control.
Many people see that their hermit crab is weak and think it is dead.
Many people see that truism being obscured by the big numbers.
Many people see the actual dollar amounts on their paychecks increasing.
Many people see the advancement of women's role in technology as inevitable.
Many people see the Confederate flag as a symbol of racism and slavery.
Many people see the darkness of the water as an indication of poor quality.
Many people see the exclusion of homosexuals as another form of persecution.
Many people see the existence of denominations as a blot against the church's witness to unity.
Many people see the fairies as a non-human race of nature spirits.
Many people see the games, and leave with the impression that the players have talent.
Many people see the Internet as a way to transcend identity.
Many people see the legislature as a giant auction, where lawmakers are sold to the highest bidder.
Many people see the media as a less than reliable source.
Many people see the next step as a worldwide government.
Many people see the offense as a problem.
Many people see the park as over-developed and highly commercialized .
Many people see the park from a car.
Many people see the past as embodying their heritage and cultural traditions, religion, and myths.
Many people see the police as a service to which they can turn when in trouble.
Many people see the reading of opponents by their verbal or non-verbal language as a science.
Many people see the rock dove, a relative of the passenger pigeon, every day in American cities.
Many people see the task as full of rejection and something to do to keep the boss happy.
Many people see the tourism industry as a great opportunity to establish a new business.
Many people see the truth as the gathering of facts.
Many people see the use of the Internet in the classroom as the great democratizer.
Many people see the web as a place for sharing information in a nondeceptive manner.
Many people see the West as a place where people went to escape the controls of government.
Many people see the wolf as a large, vicious, even evil animal.
Many people see the world on fully escorted package tours and have a great time.
Many people see the world.
Many people see themselves as invulnerable to heart disease.
Many people see themselves walking along in a dream.
Many people see things in so many different lights.
Many people see tiny objects floating in their field of vision.
Many people see unions as a danger to the profession of teaching.
Many people see voting as work and punishment.
Many people see women themselves buying into what the media says they have to look at.
Many people seek answers to the emptiness within and struggle with grief, pain or illness.
Many people seek estate planning to avoid or minimize estate taxes.
Many people seek fellowship because they are afraid to be alone.
Many people seek guidance from a mental heath professional when cancer strikes.
Many people seek help when they feel ill at ease or 'dis-eased', either physically or mentally.
Many people seek journaling as means to learn more about themselves.
Many people seek medical help too late when treatment is much less effective.
Many people seek other ways of treating their disease, such as special diets or supplements.
Many people seek out the career as a retirement job, often with a smaller company.
Many people seek the authority that comes with a good position in a job.
Many people seek to become spiritual because they think it is safe to do so.
Many people seek to connect who they are and what they do.
Many people seek to find some obscure grammatical point.
Many people seek to improve their performance beyond their already considerable power.
Many people seek treatment when new work demands involve flying.
Many people seeking eating disorder treatment enlist our assistance via our website.
Many people seem afraid to tinker with arrangements too much.
Many people seem annoyed and embarrassed by all the national attention.
Many people seem confused as to what the utilities are.
Many people seem far more worried about what they eat than about what they say.
Many people seem happy with their variety of offers.
Many people seem hell-bent on looking to metrics for salvation.
Many people seem mainly aware of the problems and dangers of the Internet.
Many people seem more willing to admit that they're oppressed than depressed .
Many people seem only too willing to be injected with another dose of mourning sickness.
Many people seem reluctant to build proper aviaries for inexpensive birds.
Many people seem rude and uncaring.
Many people seem scared to embrace and deliver their voice.
Many people seem tired of hearing about the coming demographic change.
Many people seem to approve.
Many people seem to assume so, but the research offers little guidance.
Many people seem to avoid getting help until it is to late and they have ailments caused by anxiety.
Many people seem to be able to tolerate the older style anti depressants.
Many people seem to be afraid of sending credit card numbers over the internet.
Many people seem to be allergic to dairy products.
Many people seem to be at exactly the same life stage.
Many people seem to be concerned with getting back just as much as what was given.
Many people seem to be doing that.
Many people seem to be experiencing breakage with polyurethane condoms.
Many people seem to be having problems with intense energy running through their heads right now.
Many people seem to be hesitant to shop online because they believe it to be less safe.
Many people seem to be looking at celebrities to see who's doing what to raise money.
Many people seem to be missing the point.
Many people seem to be noticing efforts by papers to expand local coverage.
Many people seem to be standing on the brink of some new possibility, new lives and opportunities.
Many people seem to be treating the web like a slightly extended yellow pages.
Many people seem to be unaware that reflective glass is a serious hazard to migrating birds.
Many people seem to be under the misconception that things related to an animal shelter are free.
Many people seem to be using it with a harmonica.
Many people seem to be wondering about how the bypass system works.
Many people seem to believe that a genetic tie is necessary for a happy family.
Many people seem to believe that all raccoons carry rabies - a disease that is highly misunderstood.
Many people seem to believe that just being on the Internet is adequate marketing.
Many people seem to believe that radio stations are clearing houses for random information.
Many people seem to believe that the best part of waking up is coffee in their cups.
Many people seem to believe that.
Many people seem to come in groups of four or six, and make it an event.
Many people seem to enjoy the warmth of the heated waterbed that soothes their backs.
Many people seem to expect to see immediate results from new student orientation programs.
Many people seem to favor the pricey devise.
Many people seem to favor warm whites for their living spaces, but cool whites also have a place.
Many people seem to feel that alcoholic beverages necessarily accompany holiday parties.
Many people seem to feel that blood pressure is a constant, like the color of their hair.
Many people seem to feel that it is worth it to live in a place they love.
Many people seem to feel that rap music is the root of all evils.
Many people seem to feel that they lose out to rich and powerful special interests.
Many people seem to feel that tinkering with genes is somehow different.
Many people seem to find it difficult even to imagine a shift toward a more local economy.
Many people seem to find it impossible to enjoy silence.
Many people seem to find religion in their later years.
Many people seem to find the prospect of a final personal death unendurable.
Many people seem to find the topic on birth order to be fascinating and interesting.
Many people seem to forget what the holidays are about.
Many people seem to have a hard time accepting that.
Many people seem to have a natural tendency towards just using one or two.
Many people seem to have a very difficult time subtracting a throwers score.
Many people seem to have had unnecessary dental work before being correctly diagnosed.
Many people seem to have it all together outwardly, but inside they are wrecks.
Many people seem to have little respect for economists.
Many people seem to have multiple courses for their elaborate picnic.
Many people seem to have the idea that German cinema is flat, existential and overly dramatic.
Many people seem to have trouble making the distinction.
Many people seem to heal, like a stroke patient, when life has changed dramatically.
Many people seem to just stumble onto their life s journey.
Many people seem to lack understanding concerning the issue of speaking with tongues.
Many people seem to learn only from their own mistakes.
Many people seem to leave the orals process without a clear intellectual focus.
Many people seem to make the mistake of generalizing yellow jackets and wasps as bees.
Many people seem to pour on the lube in the winter.
Many people seem to prefer the anonymity offered by telephone counseling.
Many people seem to put level making next to wizardry.
Many people seem to regard a church service in the light of entertainment.
Many people seem to regard dialect as mere uncouth speech, or as simply ludicrous.
Many people seem to see an active imagination as something to be feared or discouraged in children.
Many people seem to struggle even now to adapt to the new system.
Many people seem to think fat is a dirty word.
Many people seem to think so.
Many people seem to think that a mandatory course at law school is how to create frivolous lawsuits.
Many people seem to think that all bats have rabies.
Many people seem to think that art is a luxury to be imported and tacked on to life.
Many people seem to think that boats are priced by the foot.
Many people seem to think that chilies can only be grown in the hot climate of the Southwest.
Many people seem to think that if one person benefits, it takes away fromothers.
Many people seem to think that it is a joke.
Many people seem to think that it is wildly unrealistic.
Many people seem to think that leaving the campsite a mess is a fair trade for the camping fees.
Many people seem to think that opportunity means a chance to get money without earning it.
Many people seem to think that success in one area can compensate for failure in other areas.
Many people seem to think that teaching is easy.
Many people seem to think that the small numbers mean it's easier to get the findings by a fluke.
Many people seem to think that there is only criminal law.
Many people seem to think the gym is a place for social gatherings.
Many people seem to treasure specific trees.
Many people seem to view China as an ally when their conduct has been one of an adversary.
Many people seem to view war abstractly, as a kind of international game.
Many people seem to want a lighter and healthier alternative to beers and ales.
Many people seem unable to learn, or at least unable to learn quickly.
Many people seem willing to do silly things in cyberspace.
Many people seems to have problems running pythondoc.
Many people select a bank or trust company as trustee, or co-trustees.
Many people select a college based on reputation, recommendations, or rankings in the press.
Many people select personal items that possess a sentimental attraction.
Many people select plans from the many architectural firms that publish homeplans.
Many people select their divorce lawyers through referrals by friends.
Many people sell and handle Bibles who never knew what they teach.
Many people sell funds too quickly.
Many people sell notes for many different reasons.
Many people sell their home or refinance their loan after a few years.
Many people sell their home without the assistance of a broker or an attorney.
Many people sell their old lawnmowers for a few dollars when they upgrade to a newer one.
Many people sell their products in the markets.
Many people sell their used cars themselves.
Many people sell themselves short.
Many people send a copy of the complaint to the offender as well.
Many people send and receive email at regularly scheduled times of the day only.
Many people send e-mail or post public responses when they have something to say about a post.
Many people send email requesting a catalogue.
Many people send flowers because it is traditional.
Many people send flowers for special occasions.
Many people send gifts to their love ones.
Many people send in news long after the issue covering the relevant period has gone to press.
Many people send in their waiting list applications when they first conceive.
Many people send one person ahead of the rest of the party to insure a good site for the weekend.
Many people send out handwritten invitations a few weeks after the wedding invitations go out.
Many people send out their messages using automatic submitters which they use a dump box mailbox.
Many people send queries about antitrust law.
Many people send smaller amounts because that's what they can afford.
Many people send ten times that.
Many people send their keys to a central server to make it easier for others to get it.
Many people sense that there is somewhere further to go.
Many people sense they get physically stressed.
Many people sensibly trade with virtual money before opening an online account.
Many people separate the mind from the body but they are really one and the same.
Many people seriously underestimate what they spend each year for holidays and special occasions.
Many people serve a higher purpose in the world.
Many people serve fish as their first course.
Many people serve for a few years, then burn out and quit.
Many people serve tea and cookies.
Many people serving their country in the military are Destiny shareholders.
Many people set their goals too unreasonable and get discouraged and quit.
Many people severely underestimate the light requirements of aquatic life.
Many people sew very little today.
Many people sexually fantasize about interacting with a sexual partner during masturbation.
Many people share a home for the children.
Many people share a love for our great outdoors and enjoy the recreation opportunities that abound.
Many people share a very small amount of corn.
Many people share a very special bond with their pets.
Many people share credit for making the North American pavilion and collection a reality.
Many people share email addresses among family members.
Many people share email addresses among several family members.
Many people share e-mail addresses among several family members.
Many people share houses especially single teachers and nurses.
Many people share it.
Many people share the same negative perception of fasting.
Many people share through gift-giving.
Many people shed pounds by just cutting out bread and sugar.
Many people shift the blame for their temptation, and sin.
Many people shiver at the very thought of being cold.
Many people shoot video and do nothing with their results.
Many people shoot work outside in the shade to avoid glare.
Many people shop on the Internet to avoid paying the tax they owe on their purchases.
Many people shop online to avoid paying the tax they owe on their purchases.
Many people shop online to save time rather than money.
Many people shop to feel better.
Many people shortcut switchbacks or create new trails trying to save time and energy.
Many people show it by voting.
Many people show no response or only a minimal response to particular medications.
Many people show no symptoms.
Many people show their support of their local police by giving to police organizations.
Many people shrink away from reptiles.
Many people shrug their shoulders with no clue.
Many people shun catfish because it is easy to prepare poorly, leaving an unpleasant aftertaste.
Many people shy away from building their own system out of fear.
Many people shy away from church because they fear all kinds of things.
Many people shy away from faith sharing because they fear standing on their own.
Many people shy away from hills.
Many people sign guestbooks with banners linking to their pages.
Many people sign the lease without carefully reading it.
Many people sign up because they like being associated with certain companies and brands.
Many people sign up for mailing lists on subjects that they are interested in.
Many people sign up for the chance to get a retired dog.
Many people sign up with one or two, then fail to find time to sign up with rest.
Many people sign up with two or three agencies in hopes of catching that fancy pad.
Many people similarly exclude fish from the definition of the term.
Many people simply allow their dogs to breed and then sell the pups.
Many people simply anchor their boat somewhere out of the way and jump in.
Many people simply assume that assay error is a small fraction of the overall error.
Many people simply believe that an airport is solely for a select rich few.
Many people simply believe the economy is healthy and unlikely to face the panic seen in East Asia.
Many people simply camp in the temple all day so that they can witness the midnight birth ceremony.
Many people simply chew a few fresh leaves each day.
Many people simply copy the entire note to which they are responding, and make their comments.
Many people simply dislike the season's busyness and the accompanying materialism.
Many people simply don t feel worthy of success.
Many people simply fail to apply their moral convictions to daily behavior.
Many people simply fall through the limited safety net of protection.
Many people simply feel irrelevant.
Many people simply feel most comfortable when surrounded by people like themselves.
Many people simply feel things are a little easier and less stressful.
Many people simply find their shiny personalities very appealing.
Many people simply forget to count the calories in drinks.
Many people simply get credit cards to establish a good credit rating by paying their bills on time.
Many people simply go outside or into their garage.
Many people simply hate frames.
Many people simply have no knowledge of the census.
Many people simply ignore demands for payment and dig themselves into a deeper hole each day.
Many people simply let their borders lie fallow without planting.
Many people simply pay the fine before it gets to court.
Many people simply refuse to do business with sites hosted on free servers for exactly that reason.
Many people simply scan the subject headers to find out if they even want to read the message.
Many people simply see no alternative.
Many people simply stop by a few minutes to pray.
Many people simply submerge a filled trap in water to drown the occupants.
Many people simply switch to a good tube and patch a punctured tube later at home.
Many people simply think they have dry skin and so never talk to their doctor about it.
Many people simply throw their pennies away.
Many people simply try out one job after another, until they find one they like.
Many people simply use black and white for their underpainting.
Many people simply use tabs and frames to achieve that look.
Many people simply use the search link provided by their browser, but there are many other options.
Many people simply use their breath as a focal point.
Many people simply write it off as fanaticism or suckerism , but the truth is simple.
Many people sincerely believe that lies never hurt anyone.
Many people sincerely think abortion is legalised murder.
Many people sing their favorite songs.
Many people siphon direct from the glass carboy that was used for primary fermenting.
Many people sit all day at a computer, drive home, and sit in front of their television.
Many people sit all day at their jobs.
Many people sit before a computer screen all day at work.
Many people sit in front of computers all day, then go home and sit in front of the TV 'til bedtime.
Many people sit in meditation at home.
Many people skip meals on a day they plan to go out to eat to allow for the extra calories.
Many people skip the translation process because of the time and expense involved.
Many people skip work or school to observe it.
Many people sleep better in the soft highland air than ever before.
Many people sleep for a short time in the early afternoon for a quick rest.
Many people sleep in an upright position because of pulmonary edema.
Many people sleep in positions because their body finds it more comfortable that way.
Many people sleep on their side.
Many people sleep poorly, but few seek help from their doctors.
Many people sleep through the entire procedure and feel little or no discomfort.
Many people sleep through the whole procedure and feel little or no discomfort.
Many people sleep with the head of the bed raised to avoid night time reflux.
Many people slip and fall when rain, snow or ice collects on outdoor stairs.
Many people slip into a cynicism day by day.
Many people slip into cynicism daily.
Many people slip into cynicism day by day.
Many people slip into poverty through no fault of their own.
Many people slip the clerk twenty bucks and get bumped up to a suite.
Many people slip, trip or stumble because of a slippery sole or a heel that's too high.
Many people smoke because they are bored.
Many people smoke because they believe cigarettes calm their nerves.
Many people smoke cigarettes.
Many people smoke for years, even a lifetime, and develop no smoking related disease.
Many people smoke in the background of several scenes, especially in the control room.
Many people smoke only in social situations.
Many people smuggle heroin and sell it illegally on the streets to make money .
Many people smuggle heroin and sell it illegally on the streets to make money.
Many people snap in the face of the storms of life.
Many people solve it.
Many people solve the problem by transferring assets other than their home into the trust.
Many people soon become illusion and unhappy with their pet Snake.
Many people soon become illusioned and unhappy with their pet Snake.
Many people speak a home language other than English.
Many people speak about the basic goodness of humankind.
Many people speak elegant English with all sorts of accents.
Many people speak English and some Russian.
Many people speak English, which is the nation's second language.
Many people speak English.
Many people speak fairly good English as well.
Many people speak harshly to one another.
Many people speak more than one language.
Many people speak of the spiritual aspect of the rave .
Many people speak on behalf of the candidates they support.
Many people speak some English, but people appreciate any attempt at Spanish.
Many people speak some English.
Many people speak two languages.
Many people speak without much lip movement.
Many people speaking to a computer begin to speak in a very artificial way.
Many people specialize in businesses that supply services and planning for weddings.
Many people specialize in certain inter-related field events.
Many people speculate for short-term profits.
Many people spend a good deal of money trying to overcome or avoid constipation.
Many people spend a good portion of their day only in email.
Many people spend a good portion of their days only in e-mail.
Many people spend a great deal of their day working in an office environment.
Many people spend a lifetime in outdoor activities and never see a rattlesnake.
Many people spend a lifetime trying to find their calling.
Many people spend a lot of energy worrying about things that they have no control over.
Many people spend a lot of time on the road as they are working.
Many people spend a lot of time trying to find themselves.
Many people spend a period of time denying that impairment has set in.
Many people spend a whole lifetime trying to repair a wounded self.
Many people spend all their time merely downloading the neat files that systems offer.
Many people spend days, months or even years hooked up to life-support equipment.
Many people spend days, months, even years hooked up to life-support equipment.
Many people spend eight or more hours a day working for someone else.
Many people spend food, rent and much needed money gambling.
Many people spend half again as much on software as they did on the inital purchase of their system.
Many people spend hours exploring the Web just to find fun and whimsical things.
Many people spend hours on the treadmill hopelessly trying to lose their love handles.
Many people spend large portions of their life being angry.
Many people spend little time at home because they go to school and work long hours.
Many people spend more hours each day traveling in cars than walking on the streets.
Many people spend more of their day time at work than at any other place.
Many people spend more on professional weatherization than they'll ever save on energy bills.
Many people spend more than a hour each day in the car.
Many people spend more than they make.
Many people spend more time, money and energy on their cars than they do on themselves.
Many people spend most of their lives unsuccessfully trying to figure out exactly what they want.
Many people spend most of their working day in front of a computer screen.
Many people spend much of their lives dreaming about a desired state of being.
Many people spend much time and money cleaning the air ducts to reduce dust mites.
Many people spend the better part of a year's wages on lavish costumes.
Many people spend the day alone, or in the company of just a few people.
Many people spend the entire day in the synagogue, going home only to rest.
Many people spend the holiday season complaining and suffering.
Many people spend the night there before coming out to the park.
Many people spend the part of their work day dreaming of that next vacation.
Many people spend the trip on the phone.
Many people spend their day juggling activities, never really accomplishing much.
Many people spend their entire life indefinitely preparing to live.
Many people spend their entire lifetime searching for a legacy.
Many people spend their entire lives collecting stamps or old coins, or growing tulips.
Many people spend their entire lives searching for such a principle.
Many people spend their entire lives struggling to uncover the meaning of life.
Many people spend their health for wealth, and then try to spend their wealth for health.
Many people spend their leasure time here.
Many people spend their leisure hours playing pachinko.
Many people spend their lives building their castle of wealth, status, power, and health.
Many people spend their lives chasing shadows, with no real purpose at all.
Many people spend their lives defending themselves against the notion that life is melodrama.
Many people spend their lives getting ready to live their lives.
Many people spend their lives in a vain pursuit of riches, honors, and pleasures.
Many people spend their lives on a rollercoaster, losing and gaining the same twenty pounds.
Many people spend their lives trying to capture satisfaction in a variety of forms.
Many people spend their lives trying to maintain a certain status.
Many people spend their time counting the number of lions that they see in Venice.
Many people spend their time here.
Many people spend their time outdoors, enjoying the glorious weather year round.
Many people spend their vacation time working on needed park projects.
Many people spend their weekends and vacation in the summer at the dacha.
Many people spend their whole lives acquiring wealth.
Many people spend their whole lives just waiting for that lucky break.
Many people spend their whole lives without passion and realize too late that something was lacking.
Many people spend thousands of dollars on therapists to overcome their fears.
Many people spend time and money with little likelihood of getting a good result.
Many people spend time working for money to support their families.
Many people spend too much time on cover letters and never really create an effective one.
Many people spend weekend mornings searching for bargains at garage sales.
Many people spend years compiling genealogical information that never gets published.
Many people spend years exercising with very little to show for their effort.
Many people spend years in the same home while the children are growing up.
Many people spend years in therapy only to find they still fit the criteria for the disorders .
Many people spend years tracing a single branch of their family-tree.
Many people spend years trying to get work permits.
Many people spin tall thin cones of pretension out of which they peep with beady eyes.
Many people sponsor a child after working with the kids on a mission trip.
Many people spread clothes on the road, while others went to cut branches from the fields.
Many people sprinkle a mix of finely cut onions, chopped fresh coriander leaves and cumin seeds.
Many people stake their beliefs on that chance.
Many people stand here on Earth and learn about space by gazing at the stars.
Many people stand on the edges of the street corners trying to hitch a ride.
Many people stand on their rights.
Many people stand up for what they believe in, help others and do much more.
Many people stare at our beautiful Chinese daughters.
Many people start a business at home because it is the cheapest way to do it.
Many people start a business from scratch .
Many people start a collection of various designs.
Many people start a diet right after a big meal and give it up as soon as they get hungry again.
Many people start a home business because they have a particular talent or interest.
Many people start all over again before they own the car.
Many people start an online business on the side, while keeping their regular jobs.
Many people start and end the day with gratitude, even when they've had a lousy day.
Many people start businesses in order to escape some undesirable situation.
Many people start by asking friends for references.
Many people start by buying ad space from other publications.
Many people start by joining a club or an organization that parallels their interests.
Many people start by talking to their family doctor.
Many people start doing less and less with each passing decade.
Many people start drinking alcohol.
Many people start drinking to combat the stress.
Many people start exercising to lose weight.
Many people start feeling sick whenever they have to travel.
Many people start getting results in a matter of minutes.
Many people start gossip fires.
Many people start late in life after having had other careers.
Many people start looking for some kind of treat to give their bird to shut it up.
Many people start moonlighting as a way to take on different types of work and to earn extra money.
Many people start off on the wrong foot because of poor equipment or an unbalanced outfit.
Many people start on a serious spiritual path after having a powerful spiritual experience.
Many people start on the Path without any sense of it.
Many people start on their resume by worrying about fonts and spacing.
Many people start out by becoming vegetarian before they move on to veganism.
Many people start out on a part-time basis after their regular jobs to see how much they can handle.
Many people start out too heavy, too fast, and go too often.
Many people start out with a dial-up connection, which runs over standard telephone lines.
Many people start out with a phone for business only.
Many people start out with an adjustable rate mortgage because the payments are very low at first.
Many people start out with simple gear, and move on to more sophisticated equipment later.
Many people start programming with the goal of making games.
Many people start programs but give up after less than a month.
Many people start putting up pages and only subsequently examine what they've wrought.
Many people start running and can t stop.
Many people start searching around the internet and see tremendous opportunities.
Many people start simply by asking their golf pro to recommend a good trainer.
Many people start smoking because of peer pressure.
Many people start talking before the outgoing message is finished.
Many people start the new year with upbeat resolutions of conquest and accomplishment.
Many people start their collections when they inherit decorations from family members.
Many people start their job search with want ads.
Many people start their kids off with a green iguana.
Many people start their own businesses without an ounce of experience in their business field.
Many people start their own healing circles.
Many people start their surname search by using general search engines.
Many people start to feel pain and stiffness in their bodies over time.
Many people start to feel their anxiety level rise even before the vacation is over.
Many people start to vomit or foam at the mouth when having a seizure.
Many people start to wonder where their money went.
Many people start too big and become overwhelmed.
Many people start trading as a means to supplement their income .
Many people start typing before they've finished thinking.
Many people start up companies each year, but the truth is many fail too.
Many people start with a small, local race.
Many people start with fear in their hearts.
Many people start with nothing and do great.
Many people start with professional associations.
Many people starting a small business fail to consider their insurance needs.
Many people starting out in puppet building get their polyfoam from upholstery supply stores.
Many people starve and are treated as nonmembers of the species by more affluent members.
Many people stay around for it.
Many people stay at lodges and resorts outside the park and enjoy day excursions in the park.
Many people stay awake until after the meal is served.
Many people stay away from the game because they think it's hard to play.
Many people stay healthy because they follow healthy eating habits.
Many people stay in the crib of the Christian life for nearly all their Christian experience.
Many people stay in the 'holiday mood' all year round, which is wonderful.
Many people stay in year after year, but there are always newcomers, too.
Many people stay on the same dose of morphine for many months.
Many people stay on their jobs instead of starting new businesses when the economy is good.
Many people stay overnight, but others leave after an evening of observing.
Many people stay the same.
Many people stay there.
Many people stay to talk and greet one another afterwards.
Many people stay uninvolved in politics.
Many people stay with their initial brand and live happily.
Many people steal electricity.
Many people stick the seal to the bottom of the toilet and then set it over the hole.
Many people stick to one viewpoint so badly that they go insane anyway.
Many people stick with engine-powered vehicles because of their cargo carrying capability.
Many people stick with the same insurance agent for decades, even generations.
Many people still associate adoption with babies.
Many people still associate the year with victory garden vegetables.
Many people still avoid decaf coffee because it doesn t taste so good.
Many people still avoid shareware for that reason.
Many people still begin to feel queasy at just the sight of blood especially their own.
Many people still believe it has to hurt to work.
Many people still believe that a person with a mental illness is crazy or nuts .
Many people still believe that acne is caused by dirty skin.
Many people still believe that domestic violence is an unfortunate but normal part of relationships.
Many people still believe that goats eat and do well on anything from newspapers to tin cans.
Many people still believe that mental illness is a form of bewitchment or evil possession.
Many people still believe that political leaders make peace.
Many people still believe that.
Many people still buy rather than lease simply because they are more comfortable owning their car.
Many people still care, and it certainly is heartwarming.
Many people still carry a grudge about that.
Many people still carry full coverage on vehicles with little or no book value.
Many people still carry memories of their childhood frights.
Many people still cling to stupid ideas and hopes that an astrologer can solve all their problems.
Many people still come here.
Many people still come to church to be reassured in what they think they already know.
Many people still consider car pooling too inconvenient, however.
Many people still consider it a hassle.
Many people still consider osteoporosis as an inevitable part of aging.
Many people still depend on traditional hunting.
Many people still die from femine while others are killed on the fields of wars.
Many people still do.
Many people still don t fully understand how the Internet can impact their business.
Many people still doubt that there is an ecological crisis underway.
Many people still eat and sleep on the floor.
Many people still eat it every day.
Many people still enjoy drying flowers.
Many people still enjoy hunting and shooting birds for sport.
Many people still enjoy or are discovering the relaxation and soothing effects of a good hot spring.
Many people still fear that astronomers want to turn out all the lights.
Many people still feel disgusted by worms.
Many people still find reading from the screen for extended periods to be difficult and tiring.
Many people still gauge the success of their fishing outings on how big and how many.
Many people still give part of their work to the support the priest and the church.
Many people still go there to pray.
Many people still have fond memories of their little county school.
Many people still have misunderstandings about cancer.
Many people still have old-fashioned drum humidifiers on their furnace.
Many people still have only limited savings.
Many people still have residual negative symptoms.
Many people still have the misperception that all beef is high in fat.
Many people still have the stereotype about the different ethnic group.
Many people still have to leave their homes and find a new place to root.
Many people still hold a special fondness for certain elements, like sitting around an open fire.
Many people still insist on using passwords that are obvious or easily guessable.
Many people still live in cave dwellings.
Many people still live in small villages and follow traditional tribal customs.
Many people still live very well without the Internet .
Many people still living can remember the invention of antibiotics, computers, and atomic weapons.
Many people still look to Europe as a model from which to draw inspiration.
Many people still maintain their barns, but for different uses than their forebears.
Many people still make the mistake of believing that cultured pearls are imitations or fake ones.
Many people still make the mistake of believing the cultured pearls are imitations or faux pearls.
Many people still mix up with education and training.
Many people still pray here.
Many people still prefer taking a pill to getting pricked by a needle.
Many people still prefer the diploids because of their fine form, grace and diverse colors.
Many people still prefer the hard copy.
Many people still prefer the traditional classroom setting.
Many people still prefer their personalized service our current merchants offer.
Many people still prefer to order from a live person.
Many people still prefer to see things in a hierarchical structure.
Many people still prefer written verbal communication over oral communication.
Many people still purchase their groceries in open air markets.
Many people still raise animals and have their own gardens.
Many people still refuse to accept the miracle and the mystery.
Many people still regard the flu as just another miserable inevitability of winter.
Many people still rely on agriculture.
Many people still renovate their pastures with plows.
Many people still require reading with an intraocular lens implant.
Many people still reside here and have several thriving businesses.
Many people still say go with margarine.
Many people still see such relationships as unethical and unhealthy.
Many people still see the arts as an extra.
Many people still serve a multi-course formal dinner including a hearty or elegant winter soup.
Many people still speak the native tongue.
Many people still spend their entire lives, nearly all of their time, just working to get by.
Many people still study the mythology of the gods.
Many people still take slides for their outstanding detail, color and image quality.
Many people still take that steady approach to building wealth.
Many people still think a detector at the top of the stairs solves all their problems.
Many people still think braces are for teens.
Many people still think breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer death in women.
Many people still think it's just a title.
Many people still think of computer networks as being for corporations and business.
Many people still think of history as enjoyable rather than useful.
Many people still think of industry and technology as a man s game.
Many people still think of literary critics as poets.
Many people still think of snoring as something merely funny.
Many people still think of the grunge era when they think of pearl jam.
Many people still think of themselves as theists but are in fact closet humanists.
Many people still think that the low salaries attribute to the lack of teachers in the state.
Many people still think that using two CPUs in a dual motherboard doubles the performance.
Many people still think that way.
Many people still think there is just one Web.
Many people still think they can catch infectious diseases from donating blood.
Many people still throw temper tantrums.
Many people still turn images off on their browser.
Many people still use AXIS because they believe that it is the faster of the two systems.
Many people still use dial-up modems.
Many people still use e-mail programs that support plain text only.
Many people still use it to stop snoring.
Many people still use modems and other low-bandwidth links.
Many people still use older email software that can only handle plain text.
Many people still use ordinary phone lines to connect to the Internet.
Many people still use passwords that are obvious or easily guessable.
Many people still use the natural resources in fulfilling some of their basic needs.
Many people still view mental disorders as a personal weakness.
Many people still view persons with disabilities as individuals to be pitied, feared, or ignored.
Many people still view the traditional classroom setting as a preferable learning environment.
Many people still visit the area.
Many people still walk or ride a bike everywhere in town.
Many people still wonder what happened to Herschel.
Many people still work with very slow connections.
Many people still write asking if the service is truly free.
Many people still write their text out long-hand and give it to administration to type and tidy.
Many people stockpile pennies because they are more trouble to carry and spend than they are worth.
Many people stop after one entry, which reduces their chances of winning considerably.
Many people stop and ask questions, read our materials or enjoy watching our practice.
Many people stop and listen, and bob their head to the beat when passing by the bandstand.
Many people stop and visit with the boys, some are regular visitors.
Many people stop and watch.
Many people stop because they want someone to share the driving with.
Many people stop by to look at the literature and offer support.
Many people stop giving out valentines after grade school, and especially by high school.
Many people stop going to their dentist after dentures are fitted.
Many people stop here.
Many people stop if they feel better.
Many people stop in to ask for advice about thier own searches.
Many people stop it by washing often with regular or deodorant soap and using deodorants.
Many people stop near the top because the reach a sense of accomplishment by just getting there.
Many people stop near the top because they reach a sense of accomplishment by just getting there.
Many people stop seeking treatment out of frustration or fear.
Many people stop smoking after seeing someone they care about become ill from smoking.
Many people stop taking a medicine because they think they are allergic to it.
Many people stop taking antibiotics before they have destroyed the infection.
Many people stop taking their antibiotic when they start to feel better.
Many people stop taking their antibiotics when they begin to feel better.
Many people stop taking their pills once their blood pressure reaches a healthy level.
Many people stop their beating way short of fluffy.
Many people stop there and refuse to venture inside.
Many people stop there, and are content to fish out of their oversized recycled can.
Many people stop treatment after a month or two just as they are getting better.
Many people stop using heroin on their own, without help.
Many people stop with just one result when there are several worth including.
Many people store all of their files in lower case letters to make things easier to remember.
Many people store all the information on a floppy disk.
Many people store coffee in the refrigerator or freezer.
Many people store ladybugs in the refrigerator, and make regular repeat releases, perhaps weekly.
Many people store native plant seed quite effectively without spending a lot of money.
Many people store the Bible on a shelf instead of in their heart.
Many people store the Bible on the shelf instead of in their heart.
Many people store their fish in ziplock bags full of water.
Many people store water for emergencies like hurricanes and power failures.
Many people stress that a good microphone is at least as important as the recording device.
Many people stretch incorrectly or for too short of a time period.
Many people strive to be human havings .
Many people strive to be organized and efficient.
Many people strongly agree that the country is better off having public schools free of prayer.
Many people strongly prefer tapes for backup.
Many people strongly warn against mixing cadmiums with lead white.
Many people struggle for years with depression, anxiety, panic, addictions, and guilt.
Many people struggle to find enough food each day.
Many people struggle to get that many visitors in a month.
Many people struggle to get the correct temperatures.
Many people struggle to make enough sales to outweigh the cost.
Many people struggle to make the payments for their health care.
Many people struggle to reconcile their theological questions with their general Jewish commitment.
Many people struggle when trying to decide on which colors to use to decorate the home.
Many people struggle with an eating disorder for years.
Many people struggle with delineating a career plan that ends with a firm career goal.
Many people struggle with energy and mental clarity after lunch.
Many people struggle with knowing what their spiritual gifts are.
Many people struggle with numbers because they are intangible, difficult to visualise.
Many people struggle with secrets that destroy their souls.
Many people struggle with significant lifestyle changes after suffering a heart attack.
Many people struggle with the doctrine of election.
Many people struggle with the idea of bringing a death sentence today upon anyone for any reason.
Many people struggle with the issue of exclusivity as it relates to the Christian faith.
Many people struggle with their prayer life.
Many people struggling with mental health problems can still function at home and work.
Many people stubbornly use their cars despite traffic and parking concerns.
Many people study and debate about errors and contradictions in the Bible.
Many people study books.
Many people study deforestation using satellite imagery and other tools.
Many people study English as a foreign language , because they want a better job .
Many people study English as a foreign language, because they want a better job.
Many people study English in a country where the people speak English .
Many people study English in a country where the people speak English.
Many people study for years to become child development specialists.
Many people study nitrogen cycling, but they all tend to do their own experiments.
Many people study subjects directly related to industry needs.
Many people study the past to discover possible reasons for our current actions and problems.
Many people study the weather in hopes of finding answers.
Many people study to music in their own rooms.
Many people study too many techniques.
Many people stumble at the simplicity of salvation.
Many people stumble on rocks along the way and things that they once dreamed of change.
Many people sub- merge themselves in the mud baths, which is reputed to be theraputic.
Many people subconsciously view a doctor visit as a transaction.
Many people subscribe simply to observe.
Many people subscribe to all titles because all offer something unique.
Many people subscribe to it for that reason alone.
Many people subscribe to multiple lists.
Many people subscribe to several mailing lists.
Many people subscribe to the thinking that fighting is a normal part of any relationship.
Many people subscribe year after year just for the articles.
Many people substitute salt water to represent the tears of slavery.
Many people substitute superficial forms and fantasy for a genuine spiritual search.
Many people succeed in doing precisely that, either relatively early on in life or later.
Many people succeed with very negative suggestions.
Many people successfully transition from the nonprofit sector to private industry.
Many people succumb to the pressure in a variety of ways, some beneficial, and some detrimental.
Many people suddenly discover their minds by accident.
Many people suddenly find themselves out of work or facing huge medical bills.
Many people suffer a defeat and then lower their expectations or abandon their dreams.
Many people suffer a lack of energy .
Many people suffer a second heart attack because they are financially unable to stop work.
Many people suffer allergies.
Many people suffer as the result.
Many people suffer asthma, headaches, chronic fatigue, blurred vision and more as a result of molds.
Many people suffer because they lack marketable skills.
Many people suffer chronic pain even when there's no past injury or evidence of illness.
Many people suffer chronic pain in the absence of any past injury or evidence of illness.
Many people suffer deeply from depression.
Many people suffer disruptions at the hands of their web hosts for days or even weeks.
Many people suffer dizziness, headaches and coldlike symptoms after living in a meth environment.
Many people suffer excruciatingly when it is used in their environment.
Many people suffer for years because they are too embarrassed to discuss their condition.
Many people suffer from a fear of public speaking.
Many people suffer from a mild form of the disease and are unaware of it.
Many people suffer from acute sinusitis after they catch a common cold.
Many people suffer from all types of abuse and neglect as children, yet grow up to be heterosexual.
Many people suffer from allergic reactions to dander from animal fur.
Many people suffer from allergies year-round.
Many people suffer from allergies, sinus problems, cough and the common cold.
Many people suffer from an eating disorder for years before they begin to actually embrace recovery.
Many people suffer from an occasional nightmare.
Many people suffer from anxiety problems.
Many people suffer from anxiety, depression, stress, work related issues, insomnia, etc.
Many people suffer from arthritic degeneration of the cartilage of the femur.
Many people suffer from attachment to their ego - the ego of the small self.
Many people suffer from backache and spinal problems.
Many people suffer from bad breath.
Many people suffer from blood sugar disorders.
Many people suffer from boils and other ailments.
Many people suffer from both migraine headaches and chronic tension-type headaches.
Many people suffer from candida overgrowth because of the lack of proper diet.
Many people suffer from chronic pain in the absence of any past injury or evidence of illness.
Many people suffer from chronic spinal pain.
Many people suffer from constipation for years.
Many people suffer from debilitating lower back pain which severely restricts their activities.
Many people suffer from depression around the holidays.
Many people suffer from depression.
Many people suffer from diseases caused by genetic defects.
Many people suffer from diseases consequent to bad state of their veins.
Many people suffer from dizziness, earaches, face, head, neck shoulder, and back pain.
Many people suffer from dust mite allergies.
Many people suffer from eyestrain after using computers.
Many people suffer from gastritis and ulcers.
Many people suffer from hay fever symptoms all year long.
Many people suffer from headaches and choose to live with the pain.
Many people suffer from headaches, sore muscles and jaw pains.
Many people suffer from heartburn, indigestion and flatulence.
Many people suffer from hemorrhoids, fissures, warts, as well as chronic diarrhea or constipation.
Many people suffer from hot weather injuries and illnesses every year, both at work and at home.
Many people suffer from hunger in Sudan.
Many people suffer from hypoglycemia primarily because of poor eating habits and stress.
Many people suffer from hysteria attacks just because they feel neglected.
Many people suffer from improper chemical balance, because of lack of neural integrity.
Many people suffer from low self esteem.
Many people suffer from low self-esteem.
Many people suffer from lower back pain, which is exacerbated by sitting.
Many people suffer from malaria following recent rains.
Many people suffer from milder forms of the disease and are unaware of it.
Many people suffer from more than one mental disorder at a given time.
Many people suffer from more than one variety of allergic rhinitis, both seasonal and perennial.
Many people suffer from neck pain.
Many people suffer from pain in their muscles and tendons.
Many people suffer from phobias, in one form or another.
Many people suffer from problems associated with varicose and spider veins.
Many people suffer from Sciatica, and find relief with a regular yoga practice.
Many people suffer from seasonal allergies.
Many people suffer from sensitivities to allergens such as pollens, molds, foods, dust and others.
Many people suffer from severe anxiety.
Many people suffer from sleeping difficulties without realizing it.
Many people suffer from sleeping sickness and the death rate is increasing among IDPs.
Many people suffer from sleep-related problems, often without knowing it.
Many people suffer from some type of chronic pain caused by tension or injury.
Many people suffer from specific phobias, in varying degrees.
Many people suffer from stress or depression.
Many people suffer from stress related illness.
Many people suffer from tension headaches.
Many people suffer from the debilitating lung disease emphysema.
Many people suffer from the same problem in the gym, as well as in other areas.
Many people suffer from unattractive fat buildup in certain areas.
Many people suffer from urinary incontinence - the involuntary loss of urine.
Many people suffer from varying degrees of fall and winter depression.
Many people suffer from writing anxiety, or fear of writing.
Many people suffer further financial loss in the form of alarm systems and other security measures.
Many people suffer greatly because of the bureaucratic delay.
Many people suffer in silence.
Many people suffer in sunny, bright weather as a result of the photochemical effect described above.
Many people suffer in the aftermath of torture.
Many people suffer losses as they get older.
Many people suffer needlessly because of misunderstandings or lack of factual information.
Many people suffer needlessly because they are unaware that a problem exists.
Many people suffer needlessly from a sleep disorder.
Many people suffer needlessly with closets that are poorly lit.
Many people suffer physically because of sin.
Many people suffer some degree of eyestrain when working on their computers.
Many people suffer such skin conditions as wrinkles as they get older.
Many people suffer the anguish of infertility.
Many people suffer the consequences of being constantly misunderstood.
Many people suffer through a headache or take some type of medication to relieve the pain.
Many people suffer with back pain, with little or no outside help.
Many people suffer with heel and arch complaints for months, and even years, without relief.
Many people suffering from depression also possess a negative body image.
Many people suffering from eating disorders also have drug addiction problems.
Many people suffering from excessive stress have symptoms of poor health.
Many people suffering from incurable diseases feel the same way.
Many people suffering from schizophrenia can return to the community.
Many people suggest books.
Many people suggest giving the front door a fresh coat of paint for that warm, welcome feeling.
Many people suggest that dolphins have a special liking for humans.
Many people suggest that schools are the victims of poor neighborhoods.
Many people suggest that TAs get another job to cover their expenses.
Many people suggest that.
Many people suggest tightening down on laws and hiring more workers to help with border control.
Many people sum it up by speaking of life as a rat race.
Many people supplement income by pumping gas.
Many people supplement their income in a very easy way.
Many people supply nonsense information.
Many people support a reinstatement of the draft to fix recruitment problems.
Many people support diversity in higher education primarily on grounds of social justice.
Many people support foreign aid because of the perception that it helps our export industries.
Many people support increasing federal spending for health care.
Many people support it, but there is a problem.
Many people support raising the cap.
Many people support the communities they live in.
Many people support the fund by donating art and collectors' items.
Many people support the idea of a school voucher program.
Many people support the idea of marriage.
Many people supporting the voucher program have nothing but good intentions.
Many people suppose humans can only react in a political fashion by voting.
Many people suppress their emotions.
Many people surf for fun ya know.
Many people surf here but our members are some of the die hard crew that are there all year long.
Many people surf on a lot of different sites, spending a decent amount of time there.
Many people surf the Internet from work, late at night, or while they are talking on the phone.
Many people surf the web under the illusion that their actions are private and anonymous.
Many people surf the web with images turned off.
Many people surf with their own listening preference playing.
Many people surf without wanting to see images.
Many people surrender leadership to their fears.
Many people survive disasters without developing significant psychological problems.
Many people survive on soda and coffee, which don t count as water intake.
Many people survive without the ability to walk.
Many people suspect there has been widespread ballot-rigging.
Many people sway other's against the death penalty by presenting only one side of issues.
Many people swear by adding bonemeal to the hole when planting tulips.
Many people swear by adding chromium and brewers yeast to the diet.
Many people swear by ginger.
Many people swear by ginseng's curative properties.
Many people swear by it for shortening the duration of an illness.
Many people swear by it, and others find it frustrating and ineffective.
Many people swear by it.
Many people swear by lime flower tea to reduce catarrh.
Many people swear by magnets.
Many people swear by mink oil to condition and waterproof their jacket.
Many people swear by their high-protein diets.
Many people swear by, and for good reason, the use of professional tax preparers.
Many people swim for a low impact workout.
Many people swim from the shore near their campgrounds or from boats.
Many people swim with an uneven stroke that pulls to one side.
Many people swing into action without preparing their bodies.
Many people switch back and forth between the two.
Many people switch between bulbs for different stages of growth for a couple of reasons.
Many people tackle a programming language by buying a big book on the subject.
Many people tailor their application to better represent information used in the selection process.
Many people take a baby aspirin every other day.
Many people take a casual approach to prayer, fitting it into empty moments here and there.
Many people take a copy to the cabin, but the guide is just as useful at home or in the city.
Many people take a creative approach to scrapbooks, using specially decorated paper as a background.
Many people take a dim view of Jeremiah.
Many people take a haphazard approach to research, which quickly leads to frustration and confusion.
Many people take a long time to upgrade to newer browsers.
Many people take a religious view of it, quoting various scripture.
Many people take a standard daily multivitamin as nutrition insurance.
Many people take a vitamin pill every day to stay healthy.
Many people take advantage of custodial accounts to save for education costs.
Many people take advantage of medically assisted conception, despite the expense and time involved.
Many people take an introductory psychology course to achieve greater self-understanding.
Many people take as much as a year to travel, sometimes with the idea of circling the globe.
Many people take aspirin, ibuprofen, muscle relaxers and other pain relief drugs.
Many people take being able to sit down and read the newspaper or a magazine for granted.
Many people take better care of their car than themselves.
Many people take calcium supplements.
Many people take care of family members who are sick, elderly, or disabled.
Many people take chartered boats out into Lake Michigan to fish.
Many people take coatings for granted.
Many people take counting for granted.
Many people take diuretics for hypertension, edema, or cardiovascular disease.
Many people take excellent care of their health.
Many people take far more than a medical dose at every meal.
Many people take finances for granted.
Many people take five tablets three times per day.
Many people take for granted the appearance aspect of the job hunting process.
Many people take for granted the safety of the drugs and foods they buy.
Many people take full advantage of the modularity of our mitts by owning both of the above liners.
Many people take ginkgo biloba supplements on a daily basis just to stimulate hair growth.
Many people take home a few souvenirs from their visit.
Many people take honey for many uses.
Many people take ibuprofen instead of aspirin because it is thought to cause fewer side effects.
Many people take in extra calories for comfort, or to be sociable - say, at a party.
Many people take it for depression as well as premenstrual syndrome and panic attacks.
Many people take it for granted because it's always been there in our lifetime.
Many people take it for granted that soul realms and spiritual realms are identical.
Many people take it for granted that they can trace their family back for several generations.
Many people take it in combination with other drugs.
Many people take it just for the energy boost.
Many people take it out on corporations.
Many people take just one or the other.
Many people take liver health for granted.
Many people take low-dose aspirin on a daily basis to help prevent heart attacks.
Many people take low-dose aspirin to inhibit abnormal blood clot formation inside of arteries.
Many people take maca for skin issues, as for some people it helps to clear acne and blemishes.
Many people take management skills for granted.
Many people take many different vacations.
Many people take meals now as hurried things out of cans or boxes.
Many people take measure to keep info out of their records.
Many people take medications for allergy symptoms.
Many people take medicine to keep asthma episodes from happening.
Many people take medicine to relieve the pain.
Many people take money for granted.
Many people take more.
Many people take much larger doses of vitamin E without problems.
Many people take multiple medications for chronic disease conditions.
Many people take no care of their money till they come nearly to the end of it.
Many people take on a false identity.
Many people take one look at a teenage female who has a child and think the worst right off the bat.
Many people take out personal accident insurance cover.
Many people take over-the counter, or if necessary, prescription drugs to relieve the pain.
Many people take pack trips year after year for the scenery alone.
Many people take part in recreational activities, educational classes, and community organizations.
Many people take part in sports, or join health and fitness clubs, in an effort to get fit.
Many people take part in the construction of a text.
Many people take part in the planning for International Week.
Many people take part over several years - traveling the Route in segments rather than all at once.
Many people take photographs for commercial purposes.
Many people take photographs of every project.
Many people take photographs of the college.
Many people take photographs to remember a special occasion.
Many people take photos of engines and even cars, but most stop at that.
Many people take pictures at weddings for a few extra dollars.
Many people take prednisone daily throughout their lives.
Many people take pride in coming to the service.
Many people take pride in preparing their own taxes.
Many people take pride in the places they live and identify with their neighborhoods.
Many people take privacy for granted when it comes to the network world of computers.
Many people take reflexology treatments, even without having health problems.
Many people take short reflective breaks in the course of answering one question.
Many people take six to twelve months to finish it.
Many people take social theory to be a fortress held by the left.
Many people take special medicine and understand themselves.
Many people take stray cats for granted and very few people think to take a stray to the shelter.
Many people take supplemental digestive enzymes to aid the digestive process.
Many people take supplements in case their diet is deficient.
Many people take the ability to conceive children for granted.
Many people take the achievements of the civil rights movement for granted today.
Many people take the chemicals for the rest of their lives.
Many people take the deduction because it's easier, even though it means paying more tax.
Many people take the extracts daily for twelve to twenty-four weeks.
Many people take the first step and go no further.
Many people take the first step and then stop.
Many people take the idea as far as creating web sites to vent their concerns.
Many people take the telephone for granted and it has become a normal part of everyday life.
Many people take the written word as truth.
Many people take their birds home having been instructed to do just that.
Many people take their children's health for granted.
Many people take their cues from the society of self-serving individuals.
Many people take their drinking water and natural water resources for granted.
Many people take their earnings and leave the state.
Many people take their eyesight for granted, but a number of conditions can threaten it.
Many people take their holidays, or unpaid leave, or flex strategic absences around school holidays.
Many people take their medication only until they feel better.
Many people take their medicine at breakfast and dinner.
Many people take their morning walk there during inclement weather.
Many people take their notebook computer on vacation.
Many people take their opportunities for granted.
Many people take their own garments to the physician's office, hospital or therapy.
Many people take their preventive medicine all year long for many years.
Many people take their shoes off and walk barefoot most of the way.
Many people take their skin for granted.
Many people take their state legislators for granted.
Many people take their state tax forms to their local commissioners of the revenue to be filed.
Many people take their time off and do nothing but spend money and party.
Many people take their vacation time from their employers to attend auctioneer s school.
Many people take their vacations when school is out during the summer.
Many people take their vision for granted and neglect proper eye care.
Many people take their voices for granted.
Many people take time off after highschool to find their direction.
Many people take time off in the summer.
Many people take to the woods on their snowmobiles.
Many people take tours to the Caribbean or Alaska for the sheer fun and relaxation of travel.
Many people take two capsules or tablets of yucca saponins per day.
Many people take two meals a day.
Many people take two measurements each day, one in the morning and one in the evening.
Many people take two types of insulin.
Many people take unnecessary risks.
Many people take up growing weed and they have a variety of reasons for doing so.
Many people take up the mistaken position that drinking is a social requirement.
Many people take up yoga feeling they are acquiring something for themselves.
Many people take vacation during the summer.
Many people take vacations during the summer.
Many people take virtually all of their photos from their eye level.
Many people take vitamin E tablets to protect skin against ageing.
Many people take vitamins all their life and wonder why they have medical problems.
Many people take vitamins to stay healthy.
Many people take water for granted.
Many people taking Accutane develop high levels of cholesterol and other fats in their blood.
Many people talk a good game, but in the end it is behavior and results that are judged.
Many people talk about a business plan when they really mean a financing request.
Many people talk about a medical condition, or disease ongoing.
Many people talk about Africa as a country rather than a continent.
Many people talk about arcades having problems and possibly being on the way out.
Many people talk about blocking traffic.
Many people talk about compressing coal into diamonds.
Many people talk about distance learning.
Many people talk about ditching the tree.
Many people talk about e-commerce.
Many people talk about estate planning, but never actually get to it.
Many people talk about faith today.
Many people talk about 'fighting their illness'.
Many people talk about growing their business, but few people actually do something about it.
Many people talk about how kids use the Internet to go somewhere else.
Many people talk about how they have a lot of energy or commitment.
Many people talk about Iran and tourism, almost as often as they talk about oil.
Many people talk about it, but still, few has seen it and even fewer read it.
Many people talk about researching their ancestry, but few know - how to begin.
Many people talk about rude players.
Many people talk about some of the most simple concepts and make good money doing it.
Many people talk about starting over but never do.
Many people talk about the devil and Satan.
Many people talk about the honeymoon a new dean enjoys.
Many people talk about the importance of humor for healing.
Many people talk about the influence athletics can have on a person's life.
Many people talk about the information age and how the Internet is changing our lives.
Many people talk about the weird customs and the bizarre foods that are eaten in China.
Many people talk about the wisdom of age, and also the primitive wisdom of our animal friends.
Many people talk about usingthe Internet for commerce.
Many people talk about violets as if there are tame ones and wild ones.
Many people talk about wanting to help others.
Many people talk about writing a book, but few ever do it.
Many people talk and write about self-esteem.
Many people talk religion.
Many people talk themselves out of accomplishing certain goals.
Many people talk, but money talks the loudest.
Many people taste a sweeter and milder flavor than they do compared to other grapefruit.
Many people teach agility classes as well as train their dogs to do agility.
Many people teach and preach.
Many people teach that rain never fell before the flood.
Many people teach themselves over a rather short period of time.
Many people teach tropes using phrases.
Many people tell about big trees which they have seen and they like to compare sizes.
Many people tell dramatic tales of how lasers restored their sight.
Many people tell original personal stories that are based on their own experiences.
Many people tell others to set it for brightness.
Many people tell someone that they are feeling that depressed.
Many people tell stories to inform others about themselves.
Many people tend to approach the web passively.
Many people tend to associate rushing with pledging.
Many people tend to be more heavily inclined to one style of prayer or another.
Many people tend to be upset about being in a place for first time.
Many people tend to be very hard on themselves if they do have a slip or relapse.
Many people tend to blame the system or blame their lack of time.
Many people tend to build more wall segments then is in fact needed.
Many people tend to buy the high end DVDs.
Many people tend to concentrate on the bones, and other important structures are often forgotten.
Many people tend to diagnose and treat themselves.
Many people tend to discriminate between their sons and daughters, and tend to favor the boys.
Many people tend to do the opposite by denying their negative feelings.
Many people tend to drink in social events for the purpose of relaxation.
Many people tend to enjoy relaxing after a rigorous day by observing the television.
Many people tend to equate good dental health with strong healthy teeth.
Many people tend to equate writing skills with good spelling and punctuation.
Many people tend to focus more on an annual lump sum when thinking about property taxes.
Many people tend to focus on the negative side of mistakes.
Many people tend to follow what the family dictates-and in most cases it suggests obedience.
Many people tend to forget that setting up a secure web form is only half the process.
Many people tend to forget their dog is a dog.
Many people tend to gain weight during the winter months.
Many people tend to generalize and call all old trunks steamer trunks which is incorrect.
Many people tend to get pulsars confused with quasars.
Many people tend to give others what they want for themselves.
Many people tend to go to cognitive-behavioral therapists or rational emotive therapists.
Many people tend to grab mics or lean very close when they speak.
Many people tend to gravitate to the familiar.
Many people tend to have a nasty tendency to carry grudges to the grave.
Many people tend to have visions, dreams, or other esoteric type experiences with the gods.
Many people tend to hold their breath while they exert effort with their muscles.
Many people tend to ignore that feedback, and literally lose themselves in work.
Many people tend to improve their work again and again.
Many people tend to judge another person's motives based on their own set of moral standards.
Many people tend to lean forward and slouch as they sit.
Many people tend to let medicines accumulate until they expire and lose their effectiveness.
Many people tend to live a sheltered life in a bubble.
Many people tend to make a fist around the handle of the utensil.
Many people tend to minimize their own base of knowledge and take it for granted.
Many people tend to overeat on nuts, so be careful.
Many people tend to overestimate their income and underestimate their expenses.
Many people tend to overestimate their tolerance for market volatility.
Many people tend to overlook speakers when they are buying a computer.
Many people tend to procrastinate from time to time.
Many people tend to put off tasks that are difficult, dull, or unpleasant.
Many people tend to quote whole articles to which they're replying.
Many people tend to relax and end up dropping the ball.
Many people tend to sacrifice comfort to be in style or give up style to be comfortable.
Many people tend to show their nervousness by talking rapidly.
Many people tend to sit stopped or bend that put lot of pressure on their spine and back.
Many people tend to think of derivatives as puts, calls and futures.
Many people tend to think that a door is just a line.
Many people tend to turn their noses up at polkas.
Many people tend to use the terms coaching, mentoring, and training interchangeably.
Many people tend to use the words interchangeably.
Many people tend to view Chinese art through a political lens.
Many people tend to worry most about the last item.
Many people tense up and become distracted as they anticipate introducing themselves.
Many people test as being lactose maldigesters, but never show any symptoms.
Many people test as roughly equal between two or even three categories.
Many people thank their good conscience to their bad memory.
Many people then develop a long history of going off their medication, and relapsing repeatedly.
Many people then stay around to browse.
Many people then strop the edge on a piece of cardboard on the other side, to remove the burr.
Many people there are better off than people inside Tajikistan in that general area.
Many people there buy bottled drinking water.
Many people there raise cattle and sheep.
Many people there speak English very well, so they are easily able to do such work.
Many people therefore are willing to accept their arguments.
Many people therefore consider taking out cover - either in a group or on an individual basis.
Many people therefore opt for the boneless veal sirloin roast , which is boned, rolled, and tied.
Many people therefore reject new nuclear plants in the belief that more accidents are inevitable.
Many people think a food is safe to eat if it tastes, smells or looks all right.
Many people think a kimono an expensive artistic thing.
Many people think a printout guarantees accuracy and truth.
Many people think a set of financial projections is a business plan.
Many people think a tennis club is too expensive.
Many people think a white background makes a page more readable.
Many people think about buying long-term care insurance.
Many people think about calling the exterminator when they see either.
Many people think about giving up their citizenship, but very few do it.
Many people think about the idea for years but somehow never seem able to turn the ignition switch.
Many people think about their careers and their future in abstract terms.
Many people think action movies lack character, plot and theme, but they're mistaken.
Many people think air plants are difficult to grow, especially orchids.
Many people think alcohol-free housing is a new concept.
Many people think all individuals with hearing problems read lips.
Many people think all lawyers are shysters.
Many people think all teens are bad drivers.
Many people think an action they have done was right until they get caught.
Many people think an archeologist digs up dinosaurs.
Many people think an audit examines financial operations only.
Many people think an insurance agent's job is to sell insurance.
Many people think animal allergies are caused by the fur or feathers of their pet.
Many people think any attempt to link crime with the skin colour of a suspect is spurious.
Many people think art is the type of thing that's only for the naturally gifted.
Many people think asthma and wheezing are the same thing.
Many people think autism dooms children to a life of dependency.
Many people think ballet is difficult, they say.
Many people think bats are rodents, a sort of flying mice.
Many people think battering is defined by how many times a man hits a woman.
Many people think being a doctor is glamorous.
Many people think being a war correspondent is glamorous.
Many people think black holes continually suck in everything like great big cosmic bathtub drains.
Many people think bones are lifeless.
Many people think boy bands are a joke.
Many people think breakfast is our most outstanding meal of the day.
Many people think brittle bones happen to aging women.
Many people think brown eggs equals organic, but egg color is based on the breed of chicken.
Many people think buses are the way to clear congestion.
Many people think calcium is the key to reducing acidity.
Many people think carbohydrate rich foods are fattening.
Many people think chameleons change colour to blend in with their surroundings.
Many people think chess is complicated, but it's no more difficult to learn than many card games.
Many people think chicken broth, and fish, and gelatin, are acceptable.
Many people think children don t get migraines.
Many people think circumcision removes nothing more than a little extra skin.
Many people think clients only want the lowest price available.
Many people think climbers are crazy.
Many people think community economic development is a recent phenomenon.
Many people think conventional solar panels are ugly.
Many people think courts are supposed to do that.
Many people think crack is only for the jet-set or winos with lighters.
Many people think cream is loaded with fat.
Many people think cursing is accepted, but tolerated seems to be a more appropriate description.
Many people think depression is no more than the blues, instead of a serious clinical disorder.
Many people think differently now.
Many people think diseases like polio, mumps, and measles have been wiped out.
Many people think dogs that are rescued have behavior problems or are genetically inferior.
Many people think doing a bunch of situps is enough.
Many people think domestic violence is confined to adult couples.
Many people think dying involves pain and unmanageable symptoms.
Many people think dyslexic people see things backwards.
Many people think each and every search engine looks for the same thing in a web page.
Many people think early fundamentalists withdrew from social and political concerns.
Many people think eco-friendly means eating granola and roughing it.
Many people think English graduates either teach or write.
Many people think ethics is simply the following of externally imposed rules.
Many people think fancy shaped diamonds cost more.
Many people think fire is a bad thing.
Many people think fishing and fishing shows are about as interesting as watching the grass grow.
Many people think forgiveness means pretending nothing ever happened.
Many people think gambling is the Delta's last and only hope.
Many people think German wines are sweet.
Many people think getting drunk is personal entertainment.
Many people think golf is a non-athletic sport and the requirements on the body are minimal.
Many people think great customer service starts with treating the customer right.
Many people think headrests are for comfort.
Many people think history is irrelevant to everyday life.
Many people think home automation is having their PC run their house.
Many people think identifying stars and constellations is a black art.
Many people think if it's over the counter, it is completely safe.
Many people think immunizations or 'shots' are just for kids.
Many people think in pictures and a picture can express a lot of ideas in a quick way.
Many people think inertia means a lack of motion.
Many people think intimacy is just another name for sexual intercourse.
Many people think intimacy refers to sexual activity.
Many people think it brings a period of dull quiet.
Many people think it is a  and  key.
Many people think it is a good idea to tell everyone how they are beating the tax system.
Many people think it is a hopeless cause.
Many people think it is a palace, but it is actually a mausoleum or tomb.
Many people think it is a recession.
Many people think it is a sign of strength to keep pain a secret and refuse pain medication.
Many people think it is all about predicting the future.
Many people think it is an example of scientific racism .
Many people think it is an example of scientific racism.
Many people think it is blind, but it sees about as well as a human being.
Many people think it is caused by gas pains or that the baby is just stressed.
Many people think it is cruel to keep a dog in a crate even for reasonable amounts of time.
Many people think it is for young drivers, but adults are also very active in karting.
Many people think it is good exercise to put their bike in high gear and push hard.
Many people think it is important to be a virgin until marriage.
Many people think it is no big deal to neglect accounts receivable until bills are collectible.
Many people think it is one of the best universities in the world.
Many people think it is one of the most beautiful buildings ever built .
Many people think it is one of the most beautiful buildings ever built.
Many people think it is one of the most influential albums in history.
Many people think it is one of the world 's most sacred rivers .
Many people think it is one of the world's most sacred rivers.
Many people think it is out of guilt for creating dynamite.
Many people think it is really fun to have a pet that is so dangerous.
Many people think it is the theory of super strings.
Many people think it is, along with diarrhea.
Many people think it is.
Many people think it looks like a human face.
Many people think it makes pets fat and lazy, or that pets miss breeding.
Many people think it makes tax sense to carry a big mortgage, and for some it does.
Many people think it tastes like lobster.
Many people think it was the first alternative country album.
Many people think it's a gentlemen's club.
Many people think it's a made-up name.
Many people think it's a sign of weakness to be depressed.
Many people think it's all about violence and beating people up.
Many people think it's an old wives' tale.
Many people think it's bad luck to get a tattoo with the name of a significant other.
Many people think it's because Earth is closer to the Sun.
Many people think it's invested too much.
Many people think it's just harmless fudging.
Many people think it's just the sun worshipers who stand the greatest risk of getting skin cancer.
Many people think it's something that's done at the local copy shop.
Many people think it's the last five minutes.
Many people think it's time for payments to shift toward rewarding good stewardship.
Many people think Japanese kids all practice karate or judo.
Many people think just getting started is the hard part - and it is hard.
Many people think LCDs have no emissions.
Many people think lead poisoning is an inner-city neighborhood problem.
Many people think learning a web editor is the key to successful web design.
Many people think life is a struggle.
Many people think lizards only live in the desert.
Many people think lobsters are red, the color of cooked lobsters.
Many people think love IS sex, but are often unfulfilled and wonder why.
Many people think low tar or filtered cigarettes are safer.
Many people think managing diversity is the same thing as affirmative action.
Many people think marketing is a lot of smoke and mirrors, with a dash of research thrown in.
Many people think marketing is just about advertising and selling.
Many people think marketing is telling people all about a company through advertising.
Many people think minsters are moralistic and judgmental about sex.
Many people think modern investors are patient enough to weather any storm.
Many people think money can be made and kept without hurting others.
Many people think monopoly is evil by definition.
Many people think mushrooms are grown and harvested in completely dark rooms.
Many people think mutual funds are a type of investment just like stocks or bonds.
Many people think New Mexico is nothing but desert.
Many people think news anchors or TV show hosts actually research and produce their stories.
Many people think nothing of driving by themselves.
Many people think oat hay and automatically dismiss it as a hay choice, due to the single word, oat.
Many people think of a bank as just a place where they keep their money.
Many people think of a cancer diagnosis as a death sentence.
Many people think of a course in library research as mundane and non-rigorous.
Many people think of a library as a building, or a house of books.
Many people think of a rectangular collection of objects on a screen as a window.
Many people think of a retreat as sleeping in a tent with common showers and restrooms.
Many people think of a tortoise as any turtle that lives on land.
Many people think of a typical orb weaver web when they think of a spider.
Many people think of acne as just a fact of life.
Many people think of Africa as consisting mostly of vast stretches of dry desert.
Many people think of Alberta as being a new society or having little history.
Many people think of Antarctica as a flat place at a low altitude.
Many people think of Antarctica as a windy place.
Many people think of archaeology as nothing more than the discovery of great treasures.
Many people think of Arizona and only imagine a landscape of dry endless deserts.
Many people think of astrology as what they see in newspapers or on tv.
Many people think of backaches, neckaches, muscle pulls, strains, insect bites, or tendonitis.
Many people think of bananas when they think of potassium, and for good reason.
Many people think of band as being kind of lame but our band was really good.
Many people think of bartering as an exclusively old-fashioned means of trade.
Many people think of basements as cold, dark storage spaces.
Many people think of bats as flying rodents, but bats are really more closely related to primates.
Many people think of being a librarian as a female profession.
Many people think of blindness as the complete and total loss of sight.
Many people think of bones as hard and lifeless structures.
Many people think of Boston as the birthplace of democracy in our country.
Many people think of California with sunny skies, warm weather and sandy beaches.
Many people think of Canada as a vast wilderness covered in snow.
Many people think of carpenter ants as being large.
Many people think of catfish as just ugly, stinking, and noisy bottom feeders.
Many people think of ceramics only as pottery, dishes, bathroom sinks, or decorative tiles.
Many people think of coffee when Seattle beverages are the topic of discussion.
Many people think of companion animals as their children.
Many people think of computer graphics as only being used for Hollywood special effects.
Many people think of computer science as leading to a career in programming.
Many people think of computers as a new invention, and in reality it is very old.
Many people think of computers as being for kids or too complex.
Many people think of copper wires as something that has great electrical conductivity.
Many people think of costume jewelry as fake or pretty junk.
Many people think of covered bridges as quaint relics of the past.
Many people think of credit as a right.
Many people think of death notification in terms of the notification of next of kin.
Many people think of density as Manhattan, NY, and want no part of it for their small town.
Many people think of diamonds as colorless.
Many people think of discipline as punishment, as spankings or suspensions from school.
Many people think of drinking as a way to cope, and to relax.
Many people think of drug costs as just the actual cost of the drug product.
Many people think of dunes as a kind of desert, and dunes do form in desert areas.
Many people think of e-business as just being an Internet phenomenon.
Many people think of effective group work as limited to small groups.
Many people think of envy as a normal and acceptable human emotion.
Many people think of estate taxes as a tax on the rich.
Many people think of explosions when they hear the term reactives.
Many people think of fire or flood as being the main risk, but the risk from crime is much greater.
Many people think of fish in the ocean as an inexhaustible resource.
Many people think of forensic psychologists as focussing on criminal matters.
Many people think of garlic as a food or condiment rather than as an herb.
Many people think of green gardens as being a bit unusual, but they are really very traditional.
Many people think of greyhounds as an exotic breed that require extra care and special attention.
Many people think of HMOs when they think of managed care.
Many people think of holiness only in terms of moral purity or righteousness.
Many people think of Holland as the home of the tulip.
Many people think of home automation as their PC running their home.
Many people think of insuring their car, house, possessions and personal assets.
Many people think of intimacy as mainly referring to sexual activity.
Many people think of it as a pre-paid debit card.
Many people think of it as a special piece of sculpture on the front door to the medical center.
Many people think of it as much more than an activity, and embrace it as a lifestyle.
Many people think of it as the corporation's flagship.
Many people think of it as the disease that best defines madness.
Many people think of it as the Jewish harvest festival.
Many people think of jobs in one-dimensional terms.
Many people think of juices as health foods.
Many people think of jump rope as being nothing more than kids' play.
Many people think of lasers as quantum devices.
Many people think of laxatives as the cure for constipation.
Many people think of leadership as a single set of qualities or characteristics.
Many people think of literacy as the ability to read.
Many people think of love as being hell but only a few are willing to go to hell for love.
Many people think of low back pain when they hear about chiropractic.
Many people think of maggots as the creepy, crawly larva of a fly.
Many people think of mahimahi as a gamefish, but it is a very good fish for aquaculture.
Many people think of mazes when they hear the word labyrinth.
Many people think of mental health services as something bad.
Many people think of meteorites as being one small or gigantic to earth.
Many people think of modeling, makeup, exterior beauty, acting or becoming famous.
Many people think of monarchs in the fall.
Many people think of monitors as just a tube which displays images.
Many people think of New York City when they think of New York, but upstate New York is quite rural.
Many people think of nursing as spending extended amounts of time in patient care.
Many people think of obesity as an excess of total body weight.
Many people think of organic farmers as farmers who don t use chemicals.
Many people think of our province as having unlimited wilderness.
Many people think of patents as monopolies and nothing more.
Many people think of pen and ink as a very rigid and hard-edged medium.
Many people think of performance milestones in the context of an annual performance review.
Many people think of periodontal disease as an adult problem.
Many people think of physicists as formal, stiff and overly-analytical.
Many people think of plague as a disease of the past.
Many people think of prayer only in terms of asking and receiving.
Many people think of qualifying questions as a phone screen.
Many people think of religion the same way.
Many people think of rice as an Asian crop, but the United States produces countless tons of it.
Many people think of ritual as an expression of age-old traditions.
Many people think of salmon as an exotic fish and decide it has to be cooked in an exotic method.
Many people think of securities markets as applying only to stocks and bonds.
Many people think of self-defense as a karate kick to the groin or jab in the eyes of an attacker.
Many people think of sharks as mean and dangerous but only a few are a danger to people.
Many people think of silence as an absence.
Many people think of snowshoeing as an old fashioned endeavor that developed out of necessity.
Many people think of softwoods only as lumber or pulpwood.
Many people think of soy as tofu or soy burgers, but it can also be found in foods like nuts.
Many people think of sports medicine as merely the treatment of athletic injuries.
Many people think of stainless steel as an indestructible material.
Many people think of stories as children's stories.
Many people think of strategic planning as a management concept only for big businesses.
Many people think of stress as another way of saying tension or pressure.
Many people think of stress as something that comes from the outside.
Many people think of success , other wake up and work hard on it.
Many people think of symmetry in connection with art or architecture.
Many people think of systems administration as a service.
Many people think of testing as proving the code works.
Many people think of the axilla as being a ticklish spot .
Many people think of the axilla as being a ticklish spot.
Many people think of the Civil War as only a series of battles that happened a long time ago.
Many people think of the drain sump as part of the sewer.
Many people think of the future only one way.
Many people think of the Inner Harbor as their destination in Baltimore.
Many people think of the media as being an impenetrable fortress.
Many people think of the neem tree as an answer to many global problems.
Many people think of the pelvis as the 'hip bone', because it is at the hip.
Many people think of the political spectrum as one-dimensional either liberal or conservative.
Many people think of the raga as the scale.
Many people think of the state bird,the mockingbird.
Many people think of their cancer experience as a journey.
Many people think of their lives as a book, with different chapters.
Many people think of their stories as written in stone.
Many people think of trusts as stodgy legal documents used primarily for leaving money to heirs.
Many people think of tuberculosis as a disease of the past, but the facts tell a different story.
Many people think of unions as a way to obtain better wages, benefits and safer working conditions.
Many people think of unsophisticated surveying jigs when optical alignment is mentioned.
Many people think of veganism as a limiting factor on one's diet.
Many people think of volunteer service as an adult activity.
Many people think of warm weather when they think of insect allergies.
Many people think of wetlands as mosquito-infested, mucky, wet land that is of little value.
Many people think of wildlife first when they think of Africa.
Many people think on the abolition of the juvenile court which is a 'go easy' on youth criminals.
Many people think only hard liquor makes alcoholics.
Many people think only of frozen, icy wastelands when they think of Antarctica.
Many people think only of hazardous waste as that waste produced in plants and factories.
Many people think only of mechanics when they revise and rewrite their compositions.
Many people think only of programming when hearing about game development.
Many people think opera singers are large, moody people who wear headgear with horns.
Many people think or say that reading is a waste of time and that books are only dust getters.
Many people think orchids are hard to grow.
Many people think our mass media inevitably turn all ideas into banal slogans.
Many people think our primary interest in alumni is in their monetary contributions.
Many people think outlining is bad, no fun, a waste of time.
Many people think paleontology is the study of fossils.
Many people think pandas are bears.
Many people think patsa is good .
Many people think penguins are very different from flight birds.
Many people think perfectly normal greyhounds, whippets, salukis and borzois are starved.
Many people think pigs like to be in dirty pens with only mud to stand in.
Many people think pipes and smoking tobaccos are a higher level of smoking pleasure.
Many people think poorly of Christian evangelists.
Many people think psychology is difficult or quite unrelated to their everyday lives.
Many people think public relations is writing press releases and meeting people.
Many people think punk rock is all about screaming, doing drugs and hating society.
Many people think punk rock was a British phenomenon.
Many people think quick printers can print anything and go there to find out where to get shirts.
Many people think radiation is some type of chemical or gas.
Many people think railroad tracks are public property.
Many people think raising a child is someone else's business.
Many people think reality is prosaic.
Many people think repentance is just being sorry for one's sins.
Many people think reporters go out and beat the bushes for stories.
Many people think running a feast is a project that depends mostly on creativity.
Many people think sailable ice only occurs once in a while.
Many people think seeds have to have dirt or soil to start growing.
Many people think self-injury is just a form of attention seeking.
Many people think selling is something the seller does TO the buyer.
Many people think silencers are illegal and dangerous.
Many people think small talk is an innate talent.
Many people think snacking is the cause of obesity, poor nutrition, and destroyed appetites.
Many people think so, but there is a lot of disagreement how to do it exactly.
Many people think so, but they dont.
Many people think so.
Many people think spas are mostly for women.
Many people think starchy foods such as breads, rice, and pasta are fattening.
Many people think straightening up is important only for appearance.
Many people think strength gains are only obtained when they increase the weight.
Many people think students are apathetic today.
Many people think taking a bath conserves more water than showering.
Many people think team is a little strange word of four letters.
Many people think telecommuting is a way to stay home with their kids for a couple of days a week.
Many people think test results always report either a definite yes or no.
Many people think tests are valuable.
Many people think that a long book is harder than a short one.
Many people think that a lower priced product that is more affordable is best.
Many people think that a man who becomes paralyzed becomes a non-sexual human being.
Many people think that a person is part of a crowd.
Many people think that a pet puppy is inferior.
Many people think that a pet shop is a good place to buy a puppy.
Many people think that a pony is a baby horse.
Many people think that a sex worker is the worst that exists.
Many people think that abandoned or stolen pets are used in research.
Many people think that abortion is a matter of freedom of choice.
Many people think that ABS systems are an alternative to traction devices.
Many people think that addressing climate change is difficult and expensive.
Many people think that advertising is marketing.
Many people think that Africa is a poor continent.
Many people think that all daisies are alike.
Many people think that all different ways of using verbs are all different tenses.
Many people think that all mammals give birth to live young.
Many people think that all of Central America is covered in lush, green rainforest.
Many people think that all real estate companies and agents are the same.
Many people think that all sharks are ferocious, dangerous animals.
Many people think that all snakes kill their prey by biting it and injecting the prey with poison.
Many people think that all they do is to flip a switch and the lights come on.
Many people think that an action is an overt simply because it is destructive.
Many people think that an alcoholic has a choice where drinking is concerned.
Many people think that an alternating sequence is a random, or at least an unbiased, sequence.
Many people think that an audit just examines financial operations.
Many people think that an osteopathic physician is a bone or back specialist.
Many people think that analog is no longer important.
Many people think that anger is a sin.
Many people think that animals like whales, eagles, and wolves are the only endangered species.
Many people think that anorexia is caused by wanting to be thin like models in magazines .
Many people think that anorexia is caused by wanting to be thin like models in magazines.
Many people think that answers or messages can only come during a meditation.
Many people think that any one language is basically identical to any other language.
Many people think that applejack is distilled.
Many people think that bankruptcy is an easy option.
Many people think that bats are dirty and carry diseases.
Many people think that because a food is fat-free they can eat as much of it as they want.
Many people think that because the horse is up for adoption, nobody wants it and it has no value.
Many people think that becoming a doctor is difficult.
Many people think that being hungry has to do with blood sugar levels or a full stomach.
Many people think that boundaries are about selfishness and are at their root, self-serving.
Many people think that buying a home is a simple as finding a home they like.
Many people think that buying insurance is throwing money away.
Many people think that by having an exercise program is all that is needed to be healthy.
Many people think that by hoarding money they are gaining safety for themselves.
Many people think that by learning to program computers one can get a good job.
Many people think that by modifying the original they are safe.
Many people think that California s juvenile justice system is too lenient.
Many people think that cancer is always a terminal illness, but the facts tell a different story.
Many people think that carpal tunnel syndrome came with the computer keyboard.
Many people think that children learn language and other skills through imitating adults.
Many people think that children receive many treats in hospitals.
Many people think that choir is a good extra- circular activity.
Many people think that choosing to be a witch, a ghost, a skeleton, or a vampire is harmless fun.
Many people think that civil engineers simply build or survey.
Many people think that civil rights and integration are the same thing.
Many People think that coconut milk tastes good.
Many people think that colon cancer effects only men.
Many people think that color is the only difference in polyurethane.
Many people think that compulsory education can resolve many problems connected to children.
Many people think that computers are too complicated.
Many people think that content and curriculum are the same thing.
Many people think that deflections are mere luck.
Many people think that demonstrations are useless since their effects on the state are limited.
Many people think that depression is a normal part of aging.
Many people think that depression is a normal part of growing old.
Many people think that depression means being sad and blue, but the symptoms can be quite different.
Many people think that depression symptoms are a normal part of aging.
Many people think that developmental activities involve missing work to attend training classes.
Many people think that different colours have different ability.
Many people think that dinosaurs died because of diseases that spread over thousands of years.
Many people think that disarmament of nuclear weapons is an overall bad idea.
Many people think that disciple and apostle are one and the same.
Many people think that distance learning is a relatively new phenomena.
Many people think that eating disorders affect only young, upper-class white females.
Many people think that e-commerce is as simple as setting up a web site and taking orders.
Many people think that empiricism is the same thing as science.
Many people think that environmental investment means forgoing profits.
Many people think that everything in the world is to be enjoyed, even their children.
Many people think that faith has something to do with feelings.
Many people think that fat people are different.
Many people think that foodborne illnesses are contracted through restaurant food.
Many people think that foot problems are inherited.
Many people think that for a business, borrowing money is a sign of weakness.
Many people think that geographers simply study the location of places.
Many people think that gin glows under black light.
Many people think that good is good.
Many people think that government and politics are distant, irrelevant, and boring.
Many people think that Gregorian chant and the Christian chant tradition are one and the same.
Many people think that growing old is the same thing as growing up.
Many people think that guardianship is something that only applies to young, parentless children.
Many people think that handicapped people are depressed and living in a world of self-pity.
Many people think that hatcheries are too expensive to run.
Many people think that hatchery fish lack certain natural instincts that the wild salmon have.
Many people think that having a friend or relative design their website saves money.
Many people think that having a good physician and hospital base is the key.
Many people think that headaches are frequently associated with high blood pressure.
Many people think that heart attacks and strokes afflict mostly men.
Many people think that herpes simplex outbreaks are related to emotional stress.
Many people think that history is a dull subject.
Many people think that Hollywood has run out of ideas.
Many people think that i.e. and e.g. are synonymous, however, they have different meanings.
Many people think that identifying prospective vocations is solely the job of the priest.
Many people think that if it s an herb then it s safe.
Many people think that if some is good then more is better .
Many people think that if they delete their e-mail it is gone forever.
Many people think that if they have a homeowner's or tenant's policy they're covered.
Many people think that if they use a 'good' oil, they can use as much as they want.
Many people think that iguanas are dirty creatures.
Many people think that iguanas are relatively stupid animals.
Many people think that immortality is impossible for a man to accomplish.
Many people think that in order to edit a grant proposal, one has to be an expert in the same field.
Many people think that in rainy season it rains all day.
Many people think that in the future people are less likely to spend all their lives in one job.
Many people think that industry alone is reponsible for air pollution.
Many people think that industry alone is responsible for ozone air pollution.
Many people think that information is power, too.
Many people think that is a much better way to live.
Many people think that it comes from the Bible.
Many people think that it is an annual and only lives for the summer.
Many people think that it is difficult, but really it is easy.
Many people think that it is harmless to download and set up software.
Many people think that it is illegal to release pollutants into the environment.
Many people think that it is impossible to make programs without errors.
Many people think that it is justified to start smoking prevention activities even at school age.
Many people think that it is like singing to the choir.
Many people think that it is low skill work.
Many people think that it is one of the best games ever.
Many people think that it is the use of the best equipment that ensures the best photo.
Many people think that it means that a child has to be totally deaf and totally blind.
Many people think that it's a sin just to be tempted.
Many people think that it's organizationally too difficult.
Many people think that it's some sort of legitimized male bashing, full of unshaven bitter woman.
Many people think that Japanese are Buddhist.
Many people think that jihad means only to fight.
Many people think that Jupiter was suppose to be a star at one point, but never made it.
Many people think that knowledge developed in a straight line.
Many people think that lawyers and plain English are incompatible.
Many people think that learning is a conscious activity.
Many people think that life consists of what they have.
Many people think that lightning never strikes on a clear day, but it does.
Many people think that low fat means low flavor.
Many people think that making human happiness a top goal is selfish or naive.
Many people think that medications such as morphine are only given to people who are dying.
Many people think that medicines such as morphine are only for people who are dying.
Many people think that metaphors are only used in poetry and literature.
Many people think that milk is the best source for calcium.
Many people think that money is the root of all evil, that it dirties everything it touches.
Many people think that most college kids just want to party.
Many people think that most of the damage from earthquake comes from collapsing buildings.
Many people think that mustangs are simply wild horses rather than a specific breed.
Many people think that natural means harmless.
Many people think that news is very straightforward and, instead, it is very subjective.
Many people think that nobody is hurt by passing on a single item, but that's entirely false.
Many people think that of golf.
Many people think that once a site goes online, the work is over.
Many people think that once they have a salary, their financial woes are over.
Many people think that once they have fallen in love, it is all right to stop using condoms.
Many people think that online education is an easy way out.
Many people think that only a sheriff can serve legal documents.
Many people think that only graduates qualify to join the alumni association.
Many people think that only prostitutes, homosexuals or promiscuous people get STDs.
Many people think that organic gardening is too difficult.
Many people think that paganism hindered Russia's economic and social progress.
Many people think that pet allergy is provoked by the fur of cats and dogs.
Many people think that pigs are dirty and smell .
Many people think that pigs are dirty and smell.
Many people think that poachers are a ragtag bunch scrabbling to make a living.
Many people think that population health is no different from public health and community health.
Many people think that pricing a home higher than other homes in the neighborhood makes good sense.
Many people think that priesthood is a fine decision, for someone else.
Many people think that prophecy is foretelling the future.
Many people think that publishers and used-book companies work together.
Many people think that putting up a Web site is the beginning and ending of their Net marketing job.
Many people think that rainforests are uninhabited.
Many people think that reading plays is very dull.
Many people think that red wine is especially beneficial to one's health.
Many people think that religion is a deity-centered belief system.
Many people think that remote viewing can be used to resolve such targets directly.
Many people think that reward training is the modern method of dog training.
Many people think that rhinos are aggressive and stupid, an idea rooted in ignorance.
Many people think that ridematching sounds great, but are concerned about being stranded.
Many people think that road construction and maintenance are the only things supervisors do.
Many people think that RSI is a joke, or a bunch of wimpy nerds complaining about nothing.
Many people think that salvation comes from an increased number of features.
Many people think that school sports provide enough after school activities.
Many people think that science is mainly a male endeavor.
Many people think that seeing a solicitor is always an expensive exercise.
Many people think that sexual assault is motivated by sexual desire.
Many people think that shots are only for babies.
Many people think that shovelling snow into the road is a good idea.
Many people think that sin is nothing more than a violation of human relationships.
Many people think that sitting is easier on their backs than standing or lifting.
Many people think that smokeless tobacco is safer than smoking cigarettes.
Many people think that some of the movements more radical leaders are harsh or at least edgy.
Many people think that someone from the town is the culprit.
Many people think that sounds crazy or impossible, but it has been done.
Many people think that South Africa is more neutral than many other countries.
Many people think that southern Arizona is a land of only harsh deserts.
Many people think that speed is a natural gift that can t be trained.
Many people think that spiritual growth is mystical and maturity is attainable by only a select few.
Many people think that spiritual growth is mystical and maturity is attainable only by a select few.
Many people think that sport as a whole and wrestling in particular create criminal persons.
Many people think that starchy foods such as bread, potatoes and pasta are high in calories.
Many people think that storing various calibers of guns is best.
Many people think that such models are just fancy forms of data-bases.
Many people think that super thin is the best design.
Many people think that surveillance cameras are a danger to individual privacy.
Many people think that table-tennis is a conservative sport.
Many people think that tax loopholes and financial strategy are only for millionaires.
Many people think that technical writing's goal is to produce a collection of words.
Many people think that technology can be seen as a religion.
Many people think that the Amish look like they are stuck in time.
Many people think that the art of being a good swimmer is being strong and super fit.
Many people think that the barrier to a breakup is more personal than financial.
Many people think that the battle is hopeless.
Many people think that the Bible is a downer book.
Many people think that the Brittany is a hyper breed.
Many people think that the Christian life is a life free from trials and worries.
Many people think that the circuit breakers on the dock protect their boat.
Many people think that the Earth is closer to the sun during summer and farther away during winter.
Many people think that the epidemic is over.
Many people think that the fossils clearly show the evolution of the horse.
Many people think that the head is round because it looks smooth when it is covered with hair.
Many people think that the higher frequency is better to have.
Many people think that the historian has nothing to do, but in reality the historian does a lot.
Many people think that the history of mankind started in Kenya and Tanzania.
Many people think that the Internet is ubiquitous.
Many people think that the iron in formula can cause constipation.
Many people think that the job of the skeptic is to question and doubt everything.
Many people think that the key to tax sensitivity is to sell selectively.
Many people think that the law can be known simply by looking it up in the library.
Many people think that the loss of farmland is primarily a farmer issue.
Many people think that the manure pit inside a swine confinement is the only main source of odor.
Many people think that the pink or white petals form a flower, but they are actually floral bracts.
Many people think that the rear trunk seal is failing when they get water in their rear trunk.
Many people think that the scriptures contain very few words about genealogy.
Many people think that the sidewalk is a safe place to ride.
Many people think that the status of a pointer which has never been associated is .not.
Many people think that the street-children problem mainly stems from poverty or family conflicts.
Many people think that the warranty on their outboard motor covers the engine at all times.
Many people think that the way to deal with their problems is to abolish politics.
Many people think that the word anxiety refers only to intense degrees of anxiety.
Many people think that their Internet marketing ends when their web site is active.
Many people think that their rate is locked in at the rate shown.
Many people think that their state is self inflicted.
Many people think that therapists are crazy.
Many people think that therapy is long-term.
Many people think that there is no alternative to capitalism.
Many people think that they are good at interviewing and still succumb to common interview mistakes.
Many people think that they are meditating when they achieve a peaceful and quiet state.
Many people think that they are safe in their little boats.
Many people think that they can decide by themselves what is right in Christianity.
Many people think that they can decide what saves a man.
Many people think that they can do anything and get away with it.
Many people think that they can fix their problems on their own.
Many people think that they can increase the fiber in their diet by choosing whole grain crackers.
Many people think that they can stay out in the sun longer because they are wearing sunscreen.
Many people think that they can take matters into their own hands and design their own Web site.
Many people think that they do.
Many people think that they have arthritis when they really have peripheral neuropathy.
Many people think that they have three days to change their minds after signing contracts.
Many people think that they now use link popularity in their results.
Many people think that they're thinking whent they are merely re-arranging thier prejudices.
Many people think that today it can only be found in the United States or Africa.
Many people think that transitional fossils have been found.
Many people think that trees live to be very old.
Many people think that trusts are ONLY for the wealthy.
Many people think that turloughs have no animal life.
Many people think that university faculty just teach or spend hours in research.
Many people think that using cloth diapers is difficult and time consuming.
Many people think that usually nerds are only boys.
Many people think that violence on television also causes the number of teenager killers to rise.
Many people think that water changes are designed to lower the nitrate concentration.
Many people think that water gardening is difficult.
Many people think that wetlands are just a flooded area gone to waste.
Many people think that when a carpet's pile begins to crush that it is wearing out.
Many people think that wind turbines create a lot of noise and look ugly .
Many people think that wind turbines create a lot of noise and look ugly.
Many people think that with a new client the first order is the hardest to get.
Many people think that wobbling their bodies unconsciously is a practice of qigong.
Many people think that women demand more foreplay and require more time to become aroused .
Many people think that women demand more foreplay and require more time to become aroused.
Many people think that XML is a file type or programming language.
Many people think that's a nuisance.
Many people think that's all there is to the disease.
Many people think the bean bag rounds produce excessive injury.
Many people think the Bible advocates loving everything, never hating anything.
Many people think the bloated feeling after eating is caused by large amounts of gas.
Many people think the bookmobile is just for kids, but they are wrong.
Many people think the brightly colored colortop cactus is in flower.
Many people think the church is just a building of brick and mortar or a particular denomination.
Many people think the country is a safer place for children to ride their bikes.
Many people think the credit is available only to parents.
Many people think the crop formations are just a joke.
Many people think the decorations magically appear, yet that is only too good to be true.
Many people think the drum is the most obvious of instruments.
Many people think the effect is almost like a laser beam.
Many people think the first driver of costs is faculty workload and the tenure system.
Many people think the fix is to boost the acceleration.
Many people think the flash has something to do with a long air path.
Many people think the fourth dimension is simply time, and for some astronomical equations, it is.
Many people think the German league is inferior to the other three.
Many people think the history of photography is the history of invention.
Many people think the Internet and the Web are one and the same.
Many people think the Internet and the Web are simply two names for the same entity.
Many people think the Internet and the Web are the same thing.
Many people think the Internet is an inherently hostile place for children.
Many people think the Internet is most important as an educational tool.
Many people think the internet is the best thing since sliced bread.
Many people think the Internet streets are paved with gold.
Many people think the jury's award ended the case.
Many people think the LCD mods are really cool but way too complicated for the average person.
Many people think the lighting design is created in the technical rehearsal.
Many people think the liquid version tastes bad.
Many people think the live export trade has stopped.
Many people think the main problem with pigeons is the unattractive mess they leave in their wake.
Many people think the markets are due for a correction.
Many people think the more arguments, the better.
Many people think the name has something to do with actual monkeys.
Many people think the object is to get out close to the top.
Many people think the objective is indispensable and include it at the top of their resume.
Many people think the rating means a film is pornographic.
Many people think the seasons are caused by how far the Earth is from the Sun.
Many people think the situation is getting worse.
Many people think the skin's only function is to provide a physical buffer to the body.
Many people think the term 'hermaphrodite' applies only to a person with both a penis and vagina.
Many people think the tips of plant leaves turn brown because of too much or too little water.
Many people think the toads they see in their yards are Houston toads.
Many people think the tonsils and the foreskin are responsible for causing infections.
Many people think the true fiber of a team is forged in the summer.
Many people think the United States is safe but besides all the violence and crime.
Many people think the words Democracy and Republic are synonymous, when they are really opposites.
Many people think their leg aches are simply due to the natural effects of aging.
Many people think their looking out a window when their really looking into a mirror.
Many people think their medical records are confidential.
Many people think their on-line sessions are anonymous and private.
Many people think their online sessions are anonymous and private.
Many people think their pets are practically human.
Many people think their shampoo works fine.
Many people think their wallets are safer in their vehicles.
Many people think there are a lot of jobs available in forensic anthropology.
Many people think there are a variety of problems with it.
Many people think there are several different gospels.
Many people think there is a huge upturn in real estate when a new administration comes in.
Many people think there is little to discuss when it comes to roulette strategy.
Many people think there is no difference between animal welfare and animal rights.
Many people think there is no such thing as date rape.
Many people think there is, and actually buy a car believing they have the right to return it.
Many people think they are a lot of trouble.
Many people think they are allergic but, in fact, have food intolerance.
Many people think they are allergic to a medicine when they are really experiencing a side effect.
Many people think they are already there.
Many people think they are being kind by feeding the seemingly friendly deer but they are wrong.
Many people think they are constipated when, in fact, their bowel movements are regular .
Many people think they are constipated when, in fact, their bowel movements are regular.
Many people think they are established when actually they are simply stuck in the mud.
Many people think they are fine as they are.
Many people think they are free because they are having fun and doing as they please.
Many people think they are having heart attacks or going crazy and losing control.
Many people think they are in the atom business, but really what they make are bits.
Many people think they are Mexican or Spanish in origin, but they actually date back much further.
Many people think they are one of the most beautiful things in nature.
Many people think they are only used for puppy work.
Many people think they are psychic when they are only seasick.
Many people think they are safe if they have made a copy of an important file.
Many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
Many people think they are too busy and put off making estate decisions.
Many people think they are too young to buy it.
Many people think they are ugly and spoil the view.
Many people think they are, and others truly are.
Many people think they can do as they please on the Internet because nobody knows who they are.
Many people think they can make up their own effective website marketing plan. . .
Many people think they can raise a wolfdog the same as a domestic dog.
Many people think they can simply come into the office and change the present deed on record.
Many people think they can sit on the fence.
Many people think they can skip class the day after a test because they deserve a vacation.
Many people think they can stop unwanted behavior by punishing it.
Many people think they can t write.
Many people think they can tell when food is completely cooked just by eyeballing it.
Many people think they do better by sleeping practically upright, propped up by several pillows.
Many people think they do.
Many people think they don t buy products of child labor.
Many people think they have a right to everyone's confidential or personal information.
Many people think they have dry skin, because it feels dry, when really they are dehydrated.
Many people think they have had a bad bout of flu.
Many people think they have plenty of time to worry about that later.
Many people think they have religion when they are troubled with dyspepsia.
Many people think they have to add their car to the multi list.
Many people think they have to create the spin.
Many people think they have what it takes to be a great stockbroker.
Many people think they know the Bible well.
Many people think they know what love is, when they're only experiencing infatuation, or neediness.
Many people think they know which foods are high in calories and which are low in calories.
Many people think they know, but they are surprised to learn that they don t.
Many people think they received only one plate because they are stuck together.
Many people think they want to own a business.
Many people think they want to pursue one particular form of trading.
Many people think they'd like to be a game protector or conservation officer . . .
Many people think they'll be able to begin to heal.
Many people think they're suffering from hemorrhoids.
Many people think tourists are good, they bring cash.
Many people think travertine and marble are almost impervious.
Many people think turkeys are dumber than chickens or vice versa.
Many people think unanswerable questions are the most profound and important ones.
Many people think upper units are safer than ground floor apartments.
Many people think value-added processing plants are the answer.
Many people think vegetarianism is a trendy new fad, but in reality it has a long history.
Many people think vegetarians are weak and frail, or at least thin and wirey.
Many people think venison already has enough flavor without the bone.
Many people think vitamins can replace food.
Many people think warming up is the same as stretching.
Many people think Washington is beyond redemption or find the candidates uninspiring.
Many people think Web design is about programming.
Many people think when they donate to the university the money goes into some black hole.
Many people think when they first see an alpaca that they are baby llamas.
Many people think wine bottles are simply an easy way of storing and shipping wine.
Many people think wire sides are necessary for the pet to get proper air flow.
Many people think writing is easy.
Many people think writing is fun or it is easy.
Many people think, for some unknown reason, that England's gun control laws have helped.
Many people think, on the contrary, that they are accelerating the club just prior to impact.
Many people thrive on stress.
Many people thrive on the stress of doing challenging work.
Many people throw away appliances because they don t know a repair person they trust.
Many people throw away left over toxic household.
Many people thump on it as evidence for their claims, but few actually have read it.
Many people thump on it, but few have actually read it.
Many people thus travel to resort areas.
Many people tick 'yes' to become a donor on their driver's licence form.
Many people tie neckties in mirrors.
Many people tolerate capsulated wormwood or an infusion better.
Many people tolerate negative emotions during sex in silence.
Many people tolerate their jobs only by partying every weekend.
Many people toss out the densely written legal notices stuffed inside their credit-card bills.
Many people toss the agates they have found right there.
Many people touch in very nourishing ways that give support and love.
Many people touch our very core.
Many people touch to see if it really is wet, or cut across the grass because it is quicker.
Many people tracing their family roots visit the library.
Many people track weather as a hobby.
Many people trade in a forklift when they buy a new one.
Many people trade in their skateboards for cars when they are old enough and have the money.
Many people trade off points for interest rates.
Many people trade with their hearts instead of their heads.
Many people train for decades but gain no results.
Many people train for surfing by running on the beach, body surfing and boogie boarding.
Many people train in the reverse order with often confused results.
Many people train their miniature to show whether it's just tricks or full-fledged showmanship.
Many people train their pets to respond to commands and perform tricks.
Many people transfer balances from credit card to credit card every month.
Many people transfer to and from universities frequently.
Many people trap themselves by clinging to the fantasy of being a writer.
Many people travel around the world to position themselves in the path of a total solar eclipse.
Many people travel for sporting events.
Many people travel from neighbouring countries to take advantage of Australian health care.
Many people travel from other states to get the nation's most successful results.
Many people travel here to be taken on a safari.
Many people travel long distances to attend, and all seats are taken at all performances.
Many people travel out of the country.
Many people travel out of town for the holidays.
Many people travel the world, getting everything done while they still can, to accomplish nothing.
Many people travel through Fort Collins to go see ptarmigan.
Many people travel to colorado to enjoy the beauty of the mountain resorts.
Many people travel to gain respite from routines, worry, and stress.
Many people travel to Montana to experience adventure and excitement.
Many people travel to mountainous areas to hike or ski.
Many people travel to relive fond memories.
Many people travel with light baggage.
Many people travel with pets today.
Many people treat a checking account like a credit card and find that they end up overdrawing.
Many people treat a free business opportunity with the same importance as the entrance cost.
Many people treat gateway pages as a complete waste of time.
Many people treat snoring as a joke or something they feel embarrassed about.
Many people treat their dog as a member of the family.
Many people treat their dogs and plants with more commitment and love then their own kids.
Many people truly have no public transport alternative any more.
Many people trust the government to do the right thing.
Many people trust the insurance companies to determine the fair value of their claim.
Many people trust their government.
Many people try and fail, but some succeed.
Many people try and make paintings look like photographs.
Many people try conventional magic and have little or no results.
Many people try diets and supplements recommended in books and magazines and feel no better.
Many people try drugs or alcohol.
Many people try everything to avoid heart disease.
Many people try in their own strength to become a better person and change their way of life.
Many people try new phones with a new carrier every so often.
Many people try out immersive VR games currently available and end up being disappointed.
Many people try that and fail, so they give up.
Many people try the old standby of throwing money at the problem or medical care.
Many people try the settings as tests to see if they help.
Many people try to accent their individuality and celebrate their status as an oddity commodity.
Many people try to accumulate money by saving.
Many people try to achieve holiness by means of some formula or religious discipline.
Many people try to add another hopefully average starter to help their team.
Many people try to avoid hearing any criticism at all.
Many people try to avoid thinking about earthquakes because it creates a great deal of apprehension.
Many people try to avoid using that kind of transportation as much as possible.
MANY people try to be their own therapists.
Many people try to break it up and take two days.
Many people try to build their own sense of self-worth by controlling others.
Many people try to build their roof right on the ground.
Many people try to catch up on lost shut-eye by sleeping in on the weekends or taking naps.
Many people try to claim that the unborn is just a blob of tissue, nothing more than a tumor.
Many people try to clear out their yeast overgrowth with diet cleansing methods.
Many people try to collect as many stamps as possible.
Many people try to diagnose an eating disorder without professional help.
Many people try to dissect our site, and look into the code.
Many people try to eliminate all fat from their diet.
Many people try to escape temptations, only to fall more deeply.
Many people try to explain the mystery of godliness and get very confused.
Many people try to fight their disease in a negative way.
Many people try to find happiness today by going to school and ever continuing their learning.
Many people try to fit into jobs advertised in newspapers or other sources.
Many people try to get attention by being shocking in their appearance.
Many people try to get out of family obligations and the like with excuses.
Many people try to hide behind their marketing, concentrating on direct mail or the Internet.
Many people try to hide their loneliness.
Many people try to hit the golf ball farther by driving their legs or turning their bodies faster.
Many people try to ignore the symptoms for several days before asking for help.
Many people try to keep closed herds with their animals to minimize the entry of diseases.
Many people try to keep the same standards of competition for their own pets.
Many people try to leap to the end of a project.
Many people try to learn it and get extremely frustrated by the complexity.
Many people try to learn the easy way.
Many people try to live with their headaches for a long time before they approach to a doctor.
Many people try to look at their goal as a whole rather than breaking it down into smaller ones.
Many people try to look smart by spreading rumors about others.
Many people try to lose weight by dieting alone.
Many people try to lose weight by going on low-fat diets, but actually gain weight.
Many people try to lose weight for years with little success.
Many people try to lose weight through crash diets or programs that promise quick weight loss.
Many people try to make annual darker in color by applying nitrogen in sometimes excess amounts.
Many people try to make money in a hurry by jumping in and out of the stock market.
Many people try to make their lives fit into the readily available day planners.
Many people try to perform more than they are able to.
Many people try to photograph as many solar system bodies as possible in one frame.
Many people try to pretend that there is no such thing as computer crime.
Many people try to read the Bible like two novels, expecting a chronological story.
Many people try to reduce by cutting down on sweets but continue to consume a high fat diet.
Many people try to reinvent the wheel.
Many people try to relieve pain with ice, heat, balms and medication of various types.
Many people try to remove the controversy by making their critics happy.
Many people try to resist or avoid stress.
Many people try to run when they feel an earthquake.
Many people try to save by using low cost, low quality cassette tapes.
Many people try to self-diagnose and treat their foot problems.
Many people try to sell their own items.
Many people try to send big files using e-mail.
Many people try to shoot with a heavy cue at first, feeling that the weight translates into power.
Many people try to solve the temperature problem by using water baths and automatic processors.
Many people try to start with the over-all size of the home first and then fit the rooms inside it.
Many people try to steal a doctor s herb formula but the condition changes all the time.
Many people try to stop diarrhea as soon as it develops.
Many people try to treat chronic fatigue themselves.
Many people try to understand the differences by asking what kinds of jobs graduates get.
Many people try to use old age as an excuse to be complacent, but it's a bad defense.
Many people try to use time management techniques that work for others, only to be disappointed.
Many people try to wait for the perfect time to buy or sell their home based on interest rates.
Many people try to work a job at the same time they go through school.
Many people try, but few people pass the exam.
Many people try, yes.
Many people trying to enter the workforce have only a minimal education or lack the needed skills.
Many people trying to lose weight find keeping a journal an invaluable tool.
Many people tune in at home or at work while doing other tasks on the computer.
Many people tune in to local television and radio coverage for their weather information.
Many people turn around here and head back upstream.
Many people turn first to a member of the clergy when they are in trouble.
Many people turn off graphics in their browsers, so they never see ads.
Many people turn off images for serious surfing.
Many people turn off the sound, animation and java to make pages load faster.
Many people turn to a bank officer, fund company phone rep, or broker for counsel.
Many people turn to a professional to find their family histories.
Many people turn to ad banners as a way to defray some of the costs of providing web content.
Many people turn to alternative medicine to help alleviate their asthma or allergy symptoms.
Many people turn to anti-depressants for help.
Many people turn to controlled substances to cope with stress.
Many people turn to dietary supplements to combat the cold and flu.
Many people turn to drugs and alcohol to relieve stress.
Many people turn to food to fulfill their emotional hunger as well as physical hunger.
Many people turn to inexpensive reading glasses, but it's important to have regular eye exams.
Many people turn to knowledge for comfort.
Many people turn to publishing their own eBooks because it seems the most simple solution.
Many people turn to religion for hope.
Many people turn to religious communities for support, comfort, and guidance.
Many people turn to space heaters to help heat rooms they use most often.
Many people turn to sports .
Many people turn to sports.
Many people turn to the interpretation of their dreams for answers.
Many people turn to the USA and South Africa for training packages.
Many people turn to The Warren Sentinel to find their dream house.
Many people turn to their computers in addition to, or instead of, other mediums for news.
Many people turn to their spiritual beliefs for consolation.
Many people turn to traditional healers or charismatic religious leaders for help.
Many people turn to traditional healers, who say they can help.
Many people turn to vegetarianism because of health reasons.
Many people turn to vegetarianism to reduce fat intake and increase fiber in their diets.
Many people turn underlines off to make the page look less cluttered.
Many people type only with lowercase letters because it's faster.
Many people typically think of doctors when considering health care providers.
Many people ultimately have two or more Burmese, one of each gender or of different colors.
Many people un- or misd iagnosed with cancer, for example, claim to have been cured of it.
Many people unconsciously medicate their low serotonin levels using modern 'drugs of solace'.
Many people underestimate how cold Maine's waters are and how hard it is to right a swamped canoe.
Many people underestimate how easy it is to fill out a simple tax form.
Many people underestimate how important our mouths are.
Many people underestimate how many calories they are really eating.
Many people underestimate just how strenuous shoveling snow can be.
Many people underestimate the amount of time needed for a professional job search.
Many people underestimate the effect that they can have on their economic and political environment.
Many people underestimate the extent of the technology gap in the developing world.
Many people underestimate the fluid loss from exercise in colder weather.
Many people underestimate the forces involved and become victims.
Many people underestimate the importance of calculating and tracking their net worth.
Many people underestimate the power of a small-town gig.
Many people underestimate the power of even a thought.
Many people underestimate the power of our voices.
Many people underestimate the power of the recall command.
Many people underestimate the skills required to learn a language.
Many people underestimate the suffering that is caused by heavy breasts.
Many people underestimate the time it takes to sell a house.
Many people underestimate the value of sleep.
Many people underestimate the value of their belongings.
Many people underestimate their actual needs.
Many people underestimate, or simply lack the knowledge, of how serious diabetes really is.
Many people undergo a great transformation sometime around mid-life.
Many people undergo medical tests to screen for cancer or other problems.
Many people undergo presymptomatic testing before planning a family.
Many people undergo successful and satisfying rhinoplasty surgery every year.
Many people underrate the importance of warming up and stretching.
Many people understand confirmation as a kind of graduation.
Many people understand how important it is to deal with their stress effectively.
Many people understand prices rise because of inflation.
Many people understand that clinical depression causes sadness and withdrawal.
Many people understand that sexual flings can happen from time to time.
Many people understand the local language Walloon, some still speak it, and few people write it.
Many people understand the word random as being similar to haphazard.
Many people understand too much, so they have many questions and some confusion.
Many people understand truthfulness to mean truthfulness of the tongue through speech alone.
Many people undertake trips to go sight-seeing.
Many people unfortunately delay seeking help in time due to shame or fear of social stigmas.
Many people unfortunately think the Bible is just another long boring book.
Many people unknowingly endanger themselves and animals.
Many people unknowingly pour fresh milk down the drain.
Many people unskeptically accept news presentation as facts.
Many people unsubscribe from lists when they're going through busy periods, going on vacation, etc.
Many people uphold the philosophy that, perhaps, natural is better.
Many people use a combination of both.
Many people use a combination of the three.
Many people use a compost bin.
Many people use a convection oven to restore their tapes.
Many people use a dowsing rod, pendulum or other device.
Many people use a feature to make a nickname appear in the subject line.
Many people use a feeding tube during a severe illness and then recover.
Many people use a fireplace to supplement their heat supply or just for enjoyment.
Many people use a form of their name, or a combination of name and numbers.
Many people use a high octane gas when fueling up.
Many people use a large piece of material with an African pattern rather than straw.
Many people use a loop or a magnifier to review the print.
Many people use a lot less than that.
Many people use a mantra.
Many people use a mat or pad for additional comfort.
Many people use a metal or plastic trash can for storage to prevent bugs and rodents.
Many people use a mixed formal.
Many people use a piece of potato instead of the broom handle.
Many people use a planner for work activities.
Many people use a revocable living trust to manage their assets while they live.
Many people use a rock tumbler to shape and polish the rocks they collect.
Many people use a search engine as their home site.
Many people use a short vest for a more formal look.
Many people use a simple wooden dowel or iron bar to prevent the door from opening.
Many people use a small bilge pump mounted on the transom to pump water to the live bait tank.
Many people use a sun shower bag that can be purchased at most stores offering camping equipment.
Many people use a tax preparation service.
Many people use a telephone connection to dial-in to their ISP and access the Web.
Many people use a type of insertion set that has a quick release feature.
Many people use a vibrator or dildo to masurbate .
Many people use a vibrator or dildo to masurbate.
Many people use a wedge to force things apart.
Many people use abortion to judge women, invoking good and evil, life and murder.
Many people use acrylic tips, wraps and nails to stop nail biting.
Many people use activities that allow full motion but are controlled.
Many people use acupuncture after more traditional methods have failed.
Many people use alcohol and drugs to deal with tension or pain.
Many people use alcohol and other drugs to control anxiety.
Many people use alcohol as an escape mechanism from their problems.
Many people use alcohol well beyond the social entertainment aspect of alcohol.
Many people use alcohol.
Many people use all season tires for hard snow on city streets.
Many people use alternative medicine treatments including drugs for pain relief.
Many people use amateur radio to keep in touch with friends and family members.
Many people use an affair to end a dissatisfying marriage.
Many people use an alias or pseudonym online.
Many people use analyst information for technical analysis of stocks.
Many people use anger, or the threat of anger, to control or manipulate their way through the world.
Many people use antacids to relieve a burning pain in the upper part of the chest called heartburn.
Many people use approximations because it is easier than using exact numbers.
Many people use arguments about miracles as a smokescreeen.
Many people use aromatherapy to reduce stress or to help with fatigue or tiredness.
Many people use association to boost their recall and create routines so things aren t forgotten.
Many people use astrology as a method of fortune-telling.
Many people use astrology for prediction.
Many people use audiocassettes as marketing tools.
Many people use auto responders to advertise their businesses.
Many people use automated submissions, and it clogs up the in-basket.
Many people use automatic exploders, which make a loud noise without discharging a projectile.
Many people use battery-powered laptop computers.
Many people use bcc's on some email systems to ensure they get a copy of the email they send out.
Many people use beetle traps to catch and kill beetles in their yards and gardens.
Many people use beta blockers in quite high doses.
Many people use bikes to get around the islands and to go to the beach.
Many people use biomass energy to heat their homes.
Many people use both cell phones and pagers for maximum convenience, and there are several reasons.
Many people use both products, either in different areas or together in the same area.
Many people use both systems depending on weather, lighting or personal conditions.
Many people use both.
Many people use boughs of trees, corn stalks, harvested vegetation.
Many people use business to gain an audience, become experts, and to justify themselves.
Many people use butter even in their foods instead of oil .
Many people use butter even in their foods instead of oil.
Many people use Cairns as their base to branch out and explore the rest of North Queensland.
Many people use call forwarding by special arrangement with the phone company.
Many people use canned tuna or pork instead of fresh pork.
Many people use carts.
Many people use cell phones to call for help and leave their cars unattended in the process.
Many people use chains, tethers, or tie-outs to have their dogs outside, yet restricted.
Many people use chiropractors for pain control.
Many people use chlorpyrifos, of course, with no repercussions.
Many people use citizen monitoring data.
Many people use click here as link text.
Many people use clothing to make all sorts of life statements.
Many people use coaches to make more money, win the gold prize or do something dramatic.
Many people use cocaine today.
Many people use comp time because they're busy and working a lot.
Many people use computers in a transient way - to send email and to write and print out letters.
Many people use computers nowadays, working from morning till night in front of a computer.
Many people use computers of one kind or another as part of their daily work routine.
Many people use computers on a daily basis.
Many people use consumer credit to live beyond their means.
Many people use co-packers to formulate and package the product aseptically.
Many people use copper pointed tools.
Many people use coupons.
Many people use credit cards as their preferred method of payment.
Many people use currency exchanges to cash government checks or obtain money orders.
Many people use cyber post cards regularly.
Many people use deferred payment gift annuities to supplement their retirement incomes.
Many people use denial to cover up their feelings.
Many people use different approaches depending on the child and the subject.
Many people use different software.
Many people use digital sources to automate current systems based upon print sources.
Many people use dodecane.
Many people use dos when they use internet.
Many people use drugs and alcohol as an attempt to self-medicate.
Many people use dyes to color the sugar water in their hummingbird feeders.
Many people use electric collars or devices to keep their pet under control.
Many people use email for business and pleasure.
Many people use email or chat rooms to communicate.
Many people use email purely for the sake of enjoyment out of their own home.
Many people use eyeglasses or magnifiers so they can still perform certain activities.
Many people use family money or money from independent consulting to fund their business.
Many people use fetishes as an enhancement to pleasure.
Many people use filtered or bottled water for their coffee.
Many people use fireworks to celebrate weddings and also on other occasions.
Many people use food as a tranquilizer.
Many people use food coloring, but they can fade and bleed.
Many people use free banner programs, but that is a little like having a free website.
Many people use front-end loaders to move and stack large round bales.
Many people use full words as prefixes or suffixes.
Many people use ghost pages to spam search engines.
Many people use graphics for headlines.
Many people use hay or straw bales to insulate over a well pit.
Many people use headsets at the computer so they can converse and type easily .
Many people use headsets at the computer so they can converse and type easily.
Many people use heart monitors to measure how hard their hearts are working.
Many people use heaters for their birdbaths in the winter.
Many people use hemorrhoid creams.
Many people use herbal products.
Many people use herbal remedies.
Many people use herring.
Many people use holidays to teach children about other cultures.
Many people use homemade ornaments and also store bought ones.
Many people use homeopathic remedies at home to treat basic mild ailments and injuries.
Many people use horizontal lines to separate different parts of their webpage.
Many people use horses as much for pleasure as they do work.
Many people use hostas to hide that yellow stuff.
Many people use hubs and other USB devices and never have any problems.
Many people use hydroponics as a hobby.
Many people use hypochlorus acid.
Many people use incense or copal, which goes back to indigenous tradition.
Many people use index cards to take notes on and help keep things organized.
Many people use indiginous material such as sand, gravel and sawdust.
Many people use inexpensive hobby microscopes for farm or personal evaluations.
Many people use in-home training or have someone else train the dog.
Many people use inner tubes during the heat of summer.
Many people use instant messaging services to chat with other Internet users.
Many people use internet cafes or libraries.
Many people use iron-fortified infant rice cereal as the first food.
Many people use it as  a vegetable.
Many people use it as a diary.
Many people use it as a glorified typewriter.
Many people use it as a text viewer rather than just an editor.
Many people use it as a vegetable .
Many people use it at work over fast and reliable networks.
Many people use it either to make a still image or create a movie.
Many people use it for letting their pets in and out.
Many people use it for lumbago in Asia.
Many people use it for the health benefits.
Many people use it for weight loss.
Many people use it in both lakes and streams.
Many people use it just as much as the most common drug of all, alcohol.
Many people use it just to remap the keyboard and to create simple shortcuts.
Many people use it on the skin or drink it to promote healing or fight disease in the body.
Many people use it routinely to stay in touch with loved ones.
Many people use it to color their hair.
Many people use it to decorate their homes.
Many people use it to make sounds that later can be play back, such as voices.
Many people use it to reduce the risk of cancer.
Many people use it to send themselves a copy of the e-mail message.
Many people use it.
Many people use -l at the end of the name so it is easily identified as a list.
Many people use large sheets of butcher paper to make rubbings.
Many people use laughter to ease a pressure-packed situation.
Many people use line printers as their main warehouse or accounting printer.
Many people use linguistic services regularly as a matter of course.
Many people use local tanning salons to obtain that awesome tan.
Many people use loose-leaf binders.
Many people use low-flow oxygen at home.
Many people use mail filters that separate and store messages based on their subject line.
Many people use marcaine in every wound at the end of a case to have longer acting analgesia.
Many people use margarine products because they contain less saturated fat than butter.
Many people use marijuana and can walk away from it.
Many people use marijuana as a medicine today, despite it being illegal.
Many people use marijuana to get off alcohol and hard drugs.
Many people use massage therapy to increase relaxation and reduce stress.
Many people use mealworms as feeders with no ill effects at all, especially with lizards.
Many people use mediation.
Many people use medical materials at home and sometimes dispose of medical waste unsafely.
Many people use mighty thin thread when mending their ways.
Many people use mono EQs for the greater control they give over the system.
Many people use more complex metrics which try to save the volume of the model etc.
Many people use more or less depending on age, nutritional needs etc.
Many people use more technology at work now than they did several years ago.
Many people use more than one computer to transact business.
Many people use more than one feeder and refill every other day.
Many people use more than one name, such as a nickname, or middle name.
Many people use more.
Many people use music as a light background during their work or rest, which is quite natural.
Many people use music to cover up their own thoughts and feelings.
Many people use music to express or soothe their emotions.
Many people use music to soothe the soul or to celebrate.
Many people use natural springs as a source of drinking water.
Many people use needle threaders to thread needles.
Many people use newspapers to access death, birth and marriage announcements.
Many people use nit combs to remove nits from the hair shaft.
Many people use old sheets or blankets, or invest in sheets of plastic drop-cloth material.
Many people use one program to handle e-mail and another to handle Web browsing.
Many people use only bottled water for drinking water.
Many people use only default values to apply drop shadows.
Many people use only one signature and it is by definition and name the default.
Many people use oregano as decoration in rock gardens.
Many people use other alternatives.
Many people use our catalogs as a reference for current prices.
Many people use our court and garden to enjoy life in trailers.
Many people use our data as the primary source for decision making and planning.
Many people use our facilities to launch folding kayaks that they store in their apartments.
Many people use our product as part of their daily activities.
Many People use our salsa's in place of picante sauce .
Many people use our Web site as a resource when doing research for their projects.
Many people use over the counter medicines such as aspirin to relieve their head pain.
Many people use padded wrist rests for the keyboard.
Many people use personalized E-mail buttons.
Many people use petroleum jelly because it is inexpensive and easy to find.
Many people use plastic shelving units.
Many people use pornography to satisfy their fantasy life.
Many people use puzzles as a way to unwind or take a break from their daily grind.
Many people use recursive sequences to describe the development of biological populations.
Many people use red to express anger and rage, and black to express hopelessness and despair.
Many people use reframes as an effort to cause change.
Many people use repellents to protect themselves.
Many people use research calendars.
Many people use rituals to help with the grieving process.
Many people use sand and many use rabbit pellets.
Many people use savings bonds to help put their children through college.
Many people use scents as healing tools.
Many people use screens to block a neighbor's view of their yards.
Many people use scripts to automatically check the names and register the domains instantly.
Many people use sea shell in their last chamber to control pH and is very effective.
Many people use search engines in order to find an organisation's website.
Many people use search engines to find things on the Internet.
Many people use several.
Many people use sex as a sedative.
Many people use shopping as a social or recreational activity.
Many people use shorthand to speed up their typing.
Many people use small rocks, paintballs or any small object can be used as a projectile.
Many people use smileys or emoticons.
Many people use snowmobiles to cover short distances.
Many people use some vegetables such as chives, dill, onion, and parsley as herbs.
Many people use spamming to advertise.
Many people use special mouth rinses to ease the discomfort.
Many people use special software programs, HTML editors to create their pages.
Many people use specialized tools to produce drawings, but even the basic draw tools work well.
Many people use sports as a means of getting in shape.
Many people use sports of competition-often a good way to relieve built up tensions.
Many people use Strings inefficiently.
Many people use such a light to read a book while sitting inside.
Many people use summer to shed their seat on the coach and become active outside.
Many people use sunglasses to provide a distinct or different look for themselves.
Many people use surfing as a means of entertainment, but it is a useful research tool as well.
Many people use swivels at the end of the line to minimize twists.
Many people use tables for layout.
Many people use tables for page layout.
Many people use tables to create an effective web site.
Many people use tabs at the beginning of a paragraph as a first-line indent.
Many people use tabs to align text in columns.
Many people use taste as a justification for eating.
Many people use telescopes simply to collect more photons.
Many people use temporary jobs to perfect old skills and learn new ones.
Many people use terms such as vertigo, dizziness, lightheadedness, and fainting interchangeably.
Many people use that term interchangeably with risk analysis.
Many people use the area for hunting.
Many people use the bamboo woven nests.
Many people use the barter system to buy and sell goods at the markets in rural areas.
Many people use the board for quick thrills or 'to see if it works'.
Many people use the cabin only for sleeping.
Many people use the cards because they're pre-paid.
Many people use the countryside, some of which have no interest in hunting.
Many people use the default display settings on their browsers.
Many people use the dehydrated apple sauce for baby food.
Many people use the expression of disappointment as a way of laying a guilt trip on someone else.
Many people use the expressions quoted above without thinking of their implications.
Many people use the financial statements our firm audits, reviews, and compiles.
Many people use the finger utility as a directory service.
Many people use the flowers when custard making to make use of the vanilla flavouring.
Many people use the forest.
Many people use the Internet for a number of different activities.
Many people use the Internet for buying goods like books, CDs etc.
Many people use the Internet for comparison shopping only.
Many people use the Internet for many purposes.
Many people use the Internet for no purpose other than to send and receive e- mail.
Many people use the Internet primarily to enjoy the various benefits of email-based communication.
Many people use the Internet to find jobs.
Many people use the inter-net to get information before making a purchase.
Many people use the Internet to send and receive electronic mail.
Many people use the Internet to send and receive e-mail .
Many people use the Internet under the illusion that their actions are private and anonymous.
Many people use the leaves as a garnish or even as a salad item.
Many people use the login.
Many people use the method.
Many people use the morning as a time to get ready for the day.
Many people use the neck muscles to breathe, instead of their diaphragm muscle.
Many people use the Net extensively in their job search and job recruiting efforts.
Many people use the newsgroups as a place to get help or support through difficult times.
Many people use the pageFilter script to add items to a websites glossary.
Many people use the parks for other activities than camping.
Many people use the phone system as an example when discussing the Internet.
Many people use the phrase pesticides, herbicides and fungicides.
Many people use the psalms in the Bible as models for their own prayers.
Many people use the radio for listening to music to see what's the latest songs and music groups.
Many people use the rarity of domain names as a justification for their own poor-quality names.
Many people use the refrigerator to post such items.
Many people use the river for fun and relaxation, while others rely on it for their livelihood.
Many people use the route to travel to shopping and to work.
Many people use the same chopping board for vegetables and bread.
Many people use the same PIN for multiple purposes.
Many people use the same PIN-code for all their smartcards.
Many people use the site to e-mail condolences.
Many people use the stories as models for their own family history stories.
Many people use the streams, rivers, and lakes for boating, fishing and other recreation.
Many people use the stuff in the medicine chest.
Many people use the tar and cpio commands to read and write files on floppy disks.
Many people use the techniques of traditional healing.
Many people use the term dizzy to describe a feeling that occurs right before passing out.
Many people use the term loosely, referring to everyday event.
Many people use the term machine and tool interchangeably.
Many people use the terms hosting and co-location synonymously.
Many people use the terms price and value interchangeably.
Many people use the trails to take nature walks with their families.
Many people use the two terms interchangeably, but there are important differences.
Many people use the two words interchangeably including manufacturers.
Many people use the various search engines to find web pages.
Many people use the water submersion method with great success.
Many people use the Web as though it was a huge encyclopedia.
Many people use the Web to browse, explore, and search for information.
Many people use the Web, but almost everyone listens to music.
Many people use the wood and fruits of strawberry guava.
Many people use the word biodiversity when referring to nature.
Many people use the word salt when they are actually referring to sodium.
Many people use the word wilderness to describe any piece of remote, rugged and undeveloped land.
Many people use the words acid rock to talk about psychedelic rock .
Many people use the words acid rock to talk about psychedelic rock.
Many people use the words 'duty' and 'obligation' as interchangeable.
Many people use the words interchangeably, but they in fact have different meanings.
Many people use the words weather and climate as if they mean the same thing.
Many people use their amateur radios for fun .
Many people use their amateur radios for fun.
Many people use their appointment calendars for non-invention information.
Many people use their basements regularly.
Many people use their birth dates as passwords on the Internet or for bank cards, etc.
Many people use their car to measure a distance.
Many people use their computer with an analogue modem as a fax machine.
Many people use their computers to scan books and other documents into text format.
Many people use their credit cards for fix up cost but then it takes a while to get it down.
Many people use their credit or charge cards to obtain cash advances.
Many people use their education to find successful careers.
Many people use their first initial and last name, others use something made up.
Many people use their full legal name.
Many people use their guns as a method for killing muskrats.
Many people use their hand or arm to test the pile's heat, but high temperatures require caution.
Many people use their hands too much for massage.
Many people use their last days to appease their opponents.
Many people use their lessons as their only form of practice.
Many people use their local utility as their backup, since battery storage systems are expensive.
Many people use their lunch hours to team up with a partner.
Many people use their old boots and binding on their roller skis which is a big mistake.
Many people use their online connections to seek information around a diversity of interests.
Many people use their own networks or informal contacts for PCAs .
Many people use their own or friends' boats.
Many people use their profits to pay credit card bills.
Many people use their propeller grinder for spices in addition to coffee.
Many people use their standard resume as a starting point for writing a scannable resume.
Many people use theses sites to share videos they have made with their family and friends .
Many people use theses sites to share videos they have made with their family and friends.
Many people use tobacco in one form or another in Canada, and it affects our lives in many ways .
Many people use tobacco in one form or another in Canada, and it affects our lives in many ways.
Many people use too much, and the acid eats the surface off the plaster.
Many people use tools like the ping protocol to test and debug their networks.
Many people use topographic maps such as engineers, geologist, hikers and pilots.
Many people use train system everyday, therefore, train transportation works everyday without rest.
Many people use turnips as an enzyme source for a similar exercise.
Many people use walkers for several years.
Many people use web-based email services like hotmail or yahoo mail for their personal email.
Many people use well water.
Many people use wood, glass, plastic or plexiglass shelves of their own.
Many people use words that focus on characteristics rather than on the person as a whole.
Many people use words which, deliberately or inadvertently, wound the recipient.
Many people use work as their primary source for going online.
Many people use writing, journals or poetry to express what is deep within their heart.
Many people use x and y for variables.
Many people use yahoo or hotmail accounts for their personal mail.
Many people use, carry, or wear it to relieve chronic exhaustion.
Many people use, wash and reuse the plastic utensils in the kitchen.
Many people uses the pool.
Many people using condoms still get STDs.
Many people using English as a foreign language are very good at English grammar.
Many people using the classroom find such set up process uneasy and inconvenient.
Many people using the Internet find an array of new issues with which to deal.
Many people utilise search engines as a first option to locate resources on the Net.
Many people utilize neighborhood streets to cycle from place to place.
Many people utilize their knowledge from a hobby or passion.
Many people value having a personal relationship with their doctor.
Many people value other species for the enjoyment they give.
Many people value security more than privacy or freedom.
Many people value the nostalgia of the small family farm.
Many people value their cats so much that the cats seem like members of their family.
Many people value their jobs greatly, both for the pay and for self-esteem.
Many people value their online privacy, so respect their wishes.
Many people value things according to their usefulness in a material sense.
Many people vanish every year without a trace.
Many people view a corrupted Bible as a mistrial.
Many people view a job change as a way of promoting themselves to a better position.
Many people view a job search as a series of activities that cease once a job is found.
Many people view a rash, hot temper as just a part of life.
Many people view aging with both optimism and worry.
Many people view aquariums simply as a place to view fishes in an entertaining and unusual setting.
Many people view butter, cream and cream cheese as calcium-rich.
Many people view child advocates as role models.
Many people view child safety advocates as role models.
Many people view compulsory fingerprinting as an invasion of privacy.
Many people view diets as isolated events with starting and stopping points.
Many people view drug abuse and addiction as strictly a social problem.
Many people view Earth as existing for human use.
Many people view expository writing as the opposite of creative writing.
Many people view food additives as a major food threat.
Many people view globalization as an end-process that characterizes the current state of the world.
Many people view grooming their lawn as good citizenship.
Many people view horseshoe crabs as dangerous animals because they have sharp tails.
Many people view laboratory testing as a complex and mysterious process.
Many people view lawyers as either friend or foe.
Many people view life insurance as death benefit protection.
Many people view life on earth in a similar way.
Many people view meditation as a very difficult thing to learn.
Many people view mental disorders, still, as a personal weakness.
Many people view mountains as being mysteries.
Many people view nature the way they are being conditioned to read and watch television.
Many people view optimism in a similar way.
Many people view organizations with a mechanical paradigm or mindset.
Many people view other drivers as obstacles on the road to where they're going.
Many people view others according to what physical characteristics they see.
Many people view prisons as a place to punish.
Many people view progress differently.
Many people view research and comparison shopping as a waste of time.
Many people view sophisticated technology as a way to distort the truth.
Many people view sports as a diversion or distraction to their everyday lives.
Many people view summer employment as a chance to experience another part of the country or world.
Many people view supply chain optimization primarily as an exercise in inventory reduction.
Many people view the dentist-patient relationship as adversarial.
Many people view the established utilities as a bargaining chip to lure businesses.
Many people view the internet as a boiling chaos of faceless souls behaving in shrill and rude ways.
Many people view the Internet as a virtual library full of books, essays, articles, etc.
Many people view the Internet as largely a networking phenomenon.
Many people view the Muslim woman as oppressed.
Many people view the new millennium through a glass darkly.
Many people view the sun as a stationary, fiery object.
Many people view their e-mail boxes as an intensely personal and private space.
Many people view their homes as investments, and tout the wonders of leveraging.
Many people view their offerings as payment for services rendered by the staff and clergy.
Many people view trapping and the use of fur as controversial issues.
Many people view unschooling and record keeping as being at odds with one another.
Many people view unsolicited resumes as an irritant.
Many people view veganism as simply a restrictive diet, a list of products and ingredients to avoid.
Many people view vultures with disdain, yet their benefits to our environment are enormous.
Many people view wombats as rodents due to their appearance.
Many people viewing the slide at a distance find such typefaces can look blurred.
Many people visit a chiropractor because of low back pain .
Many people visit a local restaurant or bar after the meeting.
Many people visit a site and want to stay, but they also want to click on some of the site links.
Many people visit an ashram because they want to get something.
Many people visit and live on Nantucket to escape noise.
Many people visit Asuka village in sightseeing season, in spring and fall.
Many people visit churches regularly but avoid taking the step of membership.
Many people visit countless numbers of doctors each year trying to figure out what their problem is.
Many people visit Disneyland every year.
Many people visit here all year around.
Many people visit here in autumn when the leaves change colors.
Many people visit Idaho to enjoy skiing, fishing, hiking, and other outdoor activities.
Many people visit it every year.
Many people visit Lancaster County for that reason among others.
Many people visit Las Vegas in order to win lots of money.
Many people visit Las Vegas, which has many casinos and resorts.
Many people visit London as tourists.
Many people visit national parks to escape the sounds of modern civilization.
Many people visit our area to hunt, fish, or pick berries.
Many people visit our city on Lake Michigan.
Many people visit our office in search of their ancestry.
Many people visit our site on the web and place an order for posters.
Many people visit our site precisely for such counsel.
Many people visit our site solely because of our chat.
Many people visit public lands to camp, hike, hunt, fish, ski, ride off-road vehicles and picnic.
Many people visit Saline County to take advantage of bountiful hunting.
Many people visit Saline County to take advantage of the bountiful hunting.
Many people visit salt marshes simply to watch birds and enjoy nature's beauty.
Many people visit the area and fall in love with our lakes, parks, and casual way of life.
Many people visit the area each year to watch the migrating birds.
Many people visit the area to see the changing of the leaves.
Many people visit the cemetery just to study the history of our community.
Many people visit the lake to enjoy swimming, boating, and water-skiing.
Many people visit the market in the early morning and throw confetti .
Many people visit the market in the early morning and throw confetti.
Many people visit the Michigan site each day.
Many people visit the park to because the underwater photography is amazing there.
Many people visit the preserve to experience the outdoors without traveling too far from home.
Many people visit the temple.
Many people visit the wall and look for their loved ones name.
Many people visit their relatives and friends to exchange greetings.
Many people visit to pay their respects each year.
Many people visit to take advantage of the fine recreational resources.
Many people visit, think on it, and come back after looking around.
Many people visited by agents are also afraid of being rude or uncooperative.
Many people visualize themselves as bigger than they actually are.
Many people vividly remember the first time they attended a major league game.
Many people volunteer at city missions and food pantries.
Many people volunteer during the entire year.
Many people volunteer regularly and give financially to the non-profit groups of their choice.
Many people volunteer regularly and give financially to the nonprofit groups of their choice.
Many people volunteer to make bicycling and other means of human-powered travel better in Lexington.
Many people vote for a compromise instead.
Many people wait all year for it.
Many people wait decades to get to a national party convention.
Many people wait for a younger horse when the perfect older one is at hand.
Many people wait for new issues.
Many people wait for years to adopt an infant through a private adoption agency.
Many people wait in hallways to be seen, and some look like they've been waiting a long time.
Many people wait to allow a time of mourning.
Many people wait to be married, baptize their children during the fiesta because it is an occasion.
Many people wait to examine and repair their lives until the crisis hits.
Many people wait to have sex because of their religion.
Many people wait too long and don t survive.
Many people wait too long.
Many people wait until a problem arises before contacting an attorney.
Many people wait until they are overseas to begin preparing for and learning their new language.
Many people wait.
Many people wake up in the middle of the night with muscle cramps.
Many people wake up one day and realize they've been sitting back and watching the world go by.
Many people walk a day's journey to get their Bible.
Many people walk about.
Many people walk around in sarongs and no shoes, lots of body piercing and dreadlocks.
Many people walk around shopping centers.
Many people walk around with a multitude of unresolved feelings and emotions.
Many people walk around with high blood pressure unknowingly.
Many people walk for days to reach the feeding center, and hundreds await each distribution of food.
Many people walk in and out of our lives, but only a few leave footprints.
Many people walk in indoor shopping malls for exercise.
Many people walk in teams representing companies, schools and clubs.
Many people walk in their sleep.
Many people walk into a gym and get so frustrated trying to figure out where to start.
Many people walk into the grocery store after work and have no idea what to fix for dinner.
Many people walk or jog for fitness.
Many people walk or ride bikes to work or shop.
Many people walk over to see what is going on.
Many people walk the fine line midship.
Many people walk the senseless path with language, distorting it to yield more self-serving results.
Many people walk up there in groups with their dogs and ride horses.
Many people walk with heads jutted forward.
Many people walk with water bottles in hand.
Many people wander around inside, carrying bags, pushing strollers, or just talking with friends.
Many people wander into the area from the popular, adjacent Standing Indian Basin.
Many people wants to drink tea, but they have no time to make tea.
Many people wants to see it.
Many people ware dusk masks to combat the effects of dust from passing vechiles.
Many people warn that there is a growing shortage of teachers.
Many people wash clothes at a laundrymat.
Many people waste money by paying for a dedicated fax line.
Many people waste their lives because they adopt a false definition of success.
Many people waste thousands of dollars because they spend in the wrong category.
Many people waste time and energy on ineffective training methods.
Many people waste water by letting the tap run until the water is cold before drinking it.
Many people waste water or pollute it.
Many people watch birds solely for their own enjoyment, and their lists are their own business.
Many people watch fencing the first time and are intimidated by the speed of the action.
Many people watch for American bald eagles along the Mississippi River in the winter.
Many people watch for tornadoes during tornado season.
Many people watch from their boats, or from the restaurants and parks around the Lake.
Many people watch it.
Many people watch television all over the world.
Many people watch the rockets take off.
Many people watch their money, but it doesn t seem to pile up.
Many people watch TV in bed, do their required reading or paperwork or any number of activities.
Many people watch, but few help.
Many people water lightly and frequently, causing a shallow root system.
Many people water their lawns with hand-held hose, for example.
Many people water their lawns with higher chlorine and lower pH than is found in their pool.
Many people wear a topi.
Many people wear amber as an amulet to protect against negative influences .
Many people wear beads or other colorful cheap jewelry to accessorize.
Many people wear boots outside and take shoes to wear indoors at work or school.
Many people wear crosses today.
Many people wear footwear that is made in a factory .
Many people wear footwear that is made in a factory.
Many people wear glasses or contact lenses to correct their vision.
Many people wear gloves, then find their hands sweat as they warm up.
Many people wear green clothing, and they hold parties and march in parades.
Many people wear helmets, including firefighters, police, motorcyclists, and construction workers.
Many people wear it until they wear it out and then get another.
Many people wear jeans.
Many people wear knives.
Many people wear leotards or shorts and a T-shirt.
Many people wear medals on chains around their necks.
Many people wear roller blades when they play street hockey.
Many people wear rubber gloves or at least, wash their hands thoroughly after handling chiles.
Many people wear runes as talismans, to bring love, luck, protection or help in a special area.
Many people wear sandles and some even go barefoot.
Many people wear scarves or turtlenecks to try to hide their lump.
Many people wear shorts.
Many people wear sneakers or soft slippers rather than leather shoes.
Many people wear sneakers or soft slippers throughout the day rather than leather shoes.
Many people wear tap pants or bike shorts under their skirts.
Many people wear the poppies as a remembrance of vets.
Many people wear the same pair of shoes every day.
Many people wear their feelings on their sleeve.
Many people wear uniforms of different kinds.
Many people wear western style clothing.
Many people wear whatever they want to right away.
Many people wear wigs, hats or scarves.
Many people wear worry-lined faces and dress in shabby shades of brown and gray.
Many people wear wristbands when they exercise or play sports to absorb sweat.
Many people weekend in Chester, looking through the shops and purchasing antiques and trinkets.
Many people welcome retirement but for some individuals, work has been a primary source of identity.
Many people wheeze soon after they get coughs and colds.
Many people when depressed have difficulty getting up in the morning.
Many people when faced with difficult situations feel more tired and drained than usual.
Many people when looking for a school try to find an Asian instructor.
Many people when looking to invest money, seek out an investment counselor.
Many people willingly choose to take neuroleptics.
Many people win their cases when they appeal.
Many people wink at coercion and violence in strikes while they condemn both elsewhere.
Many people wisely choose to avoid ingesting synthetic and petroleum-based chemicals.
Many people wish they had a job so obviously valuable to society.
Many people wish they had the kind of money to give generously to their favorite charities.
Many people wish to adopt children from countries other than the United States.
Many people wish to avoid the foods which cause allergy or intolerance.
Many people wish to avoid using drugs.
Many people wish to be part of a church and have no church in their area that is biblically based.
Many people wish to be trained as healers, as well.
Many people wish to combine their retirement with a supplemental agricultural enterprise.
Many people wish to compare area tax rates as a part of the research process when buying a home.
Many people wish to create homepages.
Many people wish to customize the applet for their particular application.
Many people wish to help the victims and rescuers of the recent tragedy.
Many people wish to help.
Many people wish to identify the location of their chemicals in their labs or shops.
Many people wish to make lifetime gifts to their children in order to save estate taxes.
Many people wish to print pages from the web for later reference.
Many people wish to provide protection for their families against the unthinkable.
Many people wish to reconstruct their homes with more stable bricks and concrete blocks.
Many people wish to remove their phone numbers.
Many people wish to stay slim or to reduce their weight.
Many people wish to understand the reasons for the immeasurable human suffering in the region.
Many people wish to use articles posted here in newsletters and other publications.
Many people wish to use some kind of triangular division in their arms.
Many people wishing to buy their own home find it unaffordable.
Many people withdraw from group interaction when it becomes difficult to hear.
Many people wonder about osteopathic physicians.
Many people wonder about sleep walking.
Many people wonder about the difference.
Many people wonder about the origin of the shack near the trailhead.
Many people wonder about the photos of the animals that are used in the three departmental sections.
Many people wonder about the roof of our sanctuary.
Many people wonder about using headphones for monitoring.
Many people wonder about where the word originated, and very few actually know.
Many people wonder how and why defense attorneys choose to represent the clientele they do.
Many people wonder how blog authors find the time.
Many people wonder how come the martyred saints never feared when they faced death.
Many people wonder how country music was able to develop so differently from northern music.
Many people wonder how gambling activities are treated for tax purposes.
Many people wonder how magick works.
Many people wonder how robins find the worms.
Many people wonder how such a provision ever made it into the law.
Many people wonder how the decision is made as to when to call a boycott.
Many people wonder how the whole cake phenomenon began.
Many people wonder how they can become the person they want to be.
Many people wonder how to get their toes into tiptop condition for the summer.
Many people wonder how to make a Web site work as well as it can after it's built.
Many people wonder how traveling with a dog compares to traveling with a cane.
Many people wonder how women can keep on going back into abusive situations.
Many people wonder if adult cicadas feed.
Many people wonder if all the machines are necessary.
Many people wonder if antique slot machines can be played efficiently.
Many people wonder if our buildings consist of just the fronts and sides.
Many people wonder if snakes once had legs because of the above verse.
Many people wonder if some seats are safer than others.
Many people wonder if that is a realistic figure.
Many people wonder if their partner or partners can drive the vehicle.
Many people wonder if there are any clean athletes left in our sport.
Many people wonder if there is such a record.
Many people wonder if there's a difference between the internet and the web .
Many people wonder if they are just exhausted, have an attitude or are a bit depressed.
Many people wonder if they are really saved.
Many people wonder if they'll become claustrophobic in a cave.
Many people wonder just how fast they are going on any track at some particular point in time.
Many people wonder just what people who write about writers are trying to say.
Many people wonder what a bat is.
Many people wonder what a session is really like.
Many people wonder what actually occurs on a sex tour.
Many people wonder what causes a person death.
Many people wonder what causes alcoholism.
Many people wonder what causes the leaves to begin changing color in the fall.
Many people wonder what causes their allergic symptoms, and why they are worse at certain times.
Many people wonder what determines what is a consent agenda item and what is a regular agenda item.
Many people wonder what differentiates a siphonophore from any other creature.
Many people wonder what do fleas eat, and the answer is blood.
Many people wonder what ghost researchers and paranormal investigators do.
Many people wonder what it is for, and assume it is for fighting.
Many people wonder what it is like to be a senior citizen.
Many people wonder what the diet is for giraffes in captivity.
Many people wonder what the difference is between a credit union and a bank.
MANY people wonder what the difference is between a fruit and a seed.
Many people wonder what the missionary task involves.
Many people wonder what their own personal cancer risk level is.
Many people wonder what they can do to help seemingly-abandoned young robins on the ground.
Many people wonder where all the flies go in the winter.
Many people wonder where the idea for the shark mouth marking came from.
Many people wonder whether feeding birds during the warmer months is necessary.
Many people wonder whether financing or leasing is the right option.
Many people wonder whether homeschooling is really legal.
Many people wonder which GPS to buy.
Many people wonder which medications are safe during pregnancy.
Many people wonder who controls the Internet.
Many people wonder why bats hang upside down.
Many people wonder why it is that big fish seem to get away more often than small fish.
Many people wonder why krill oil is so much more powerful than fish oil.
Many people wonder why large companies try to shave pennies off their costs.
Many people wonder why organizations are structured to include boards.
Many people wonder why the population has diminished in numbers.
Many people wonder why the robots are painted fluorescent green.
Many people wonder why there is a growing shortage of AMTs.
Many people wonder why three colors are used in the manufacture of glass bottles.
Many people wonder why walking outside seems like harder work than walking on a treadmill.
Many people work all week for that.
Many people work alone and want a medium to share insights and challenges.
Many people work and get food stamps.
Many people work as volunteers before attaining a paid post.
Many people work at computers that are linked to other computers to form a network.
Many people work at fish processors during the fishing season.
Many people work at more than one job to make ends meet.
Many people work at second and third jobs to make ends meet.
Many people work at the Marina or have jobs directly tied to the Marina.
Many people work at the mill.
Many people work because they love the task, and what's more, they love the goal.
Many people work behind the scenes in the press and mail rooms.
Many people work behind the scenes to make opera possible.
Many people work for money, rather than enjoy doing their work.
Many people work for the government or in tourism .
Many people work for the government or in tourism.
Many people work fulltime and are still poor.
Many people work hard all their life and never get to enjoy it.
Many people work hard on their respective websites.
Many people work hard to keep their souls anesthetized.
Many people work hard to leave their estate in order upon their death.
Many people work hard, lot of ladies.
Many people work harder at their hobbies than they do at work.
Many people work here who have good connections.
Many people work in a court.
Many people work in animal advocacy and rescue.
Many people work in factories.
Many people work in fields unrelated to their college majors.
Many people work in groups and groups that like each other work best together.
Many people work in industry, including offshore oil and gas production, shipbuilding, and mining.
Many people work in isolation.
Many people work in more than one industry at the same time.
Many people work in nearby textile factories.
Many people work in teams to create their business plan.
Many people work in the desert as well.
Many people work in the fields.
Many people work in the oil refineries and fields.
Many people work in the same room, and there are several stations for individuals to do work.
Many people work in transport-related industries.
Many people work more than a five-day week in today's economy.
Many people work on farms.
Many people work on the surface, painting and re-covering and rearranging the furniture.
Many people work or go to school and still qualify.
Many people work out business deals in their sleep.
Many people work out personal issues in their art.
Many people work outdoors in the cold.
Many people work outside their major and change careers several times.
Many people work part time, and some people work full time.
Many people work to turn farmers' fresh crops into new food products.
Many people work together in the beef production system.
Many people work together to make our school a special place.
Many people work two jobs, because they can.
Many people work under a lot of pressure.
Many people work weekends.
Many people work with a foreign agency, as well, which is an additional expense.
Many people work with gamma without knowing what it actually is.
Many people work with graphics.
Many people work with just a masters degree.
Many people work with other people.
Many people work with people from their town, people they know.
Many people work with shared directories that automatically get backed up.
Many people working in hotels, restaurants and public areas speak some English.
Many people working in hotels, shops and restaurants speak English.
Many people working in human resources start in other positions.
Many people working in noisy environments like shipyards suffer damage to their hearing.
Many people working in the court system are on our side.
Many people working in the nonprofit sector find the experience rewarding and fulfilling.
Many people working with cassettes are unaware of the parallel network of mail artists.
Many people worldwide speak the language.
Many people worry about disastrous changes in climate and see recent omens as troubling.
Many people worry about disposing diapers when out at work, school, or running errands.
Many people worry about gaining weight.
Many people worry about having encounters with bears while they are hiking or camping.
Many people worry about Jewish survival.
Many people worry about junk e-mail and being overwhelmed by the volume of messages.
Many people worry about minor environmental influences that affect their unborn children.
Many people worry about personal security when travelling for the first time in Latin America.
Many people worry about protecting their privacy on the Net.
Many people worry about safety conditions on flights in Cambodia.
Many people worry about safety conditions on flights in Vietnam.
Many people worry about taking medicines, especially narcotics or opiates, for pain relief.
Many people worry about the cookies web sites place on their computers.
Many people worry about the effects of a widespread information infrastructure on individuals.
Many people worry about the effects of steroids.
Many people worry about the future.
Many people worry about the side effects of herbicide use in their yards and neighborhoods.
Many people worry about their horse getting cold.
Many people worry about their looks and their body.
Many people worry about what happens when they send personal information over the Internet.
Many people worry far less about academics than socialization.
Many people worry quite a bit before heading to Colombia.
Many people worry that America is in for a major energy crisis.
Many people worry that cookies are harmful.
Many people worry when they have to make a decision.
Many people wrap the birch with a hot steamy towel as it comes out of the steamer.
Many people write a poem at some point, usually at a time of upheaval.
Many people write about everything except their anger in their journal.
Many people write an excellent proposal but fall short on the budget section.
Many people write because they're unaware that it has already been done.
Many people write big, functional outlines of all the features they thought up.
Many people write crime novels.
Many people write down three numbers they have already decided on and walk away with their ticket.
Many people write in and confess major mistakes, blockbuster sins.
Many people write just to say that the car they really wanted has just arrived in the mail.
Many people write long, heavy, burdensome sentences that fatigue their readers.
Many people write New Year's resolutions.
Many people write off caponata after tasting that awful stuff in cans and jars.
Many people write or e-mail asking for particular or specific information on a vacancy.
Many people write poetry and many more sing it.
Many people write the same way.
Many people write their introductory paragraph last or at least modify it after they are done.
Many people write variations of the same story.
Many people wrongly assume that any dark-colored snake near the water is a Cottonmouth.
Many people wrongly assume that the theory of evolution has defeated the design argument.
Many people wrongly assume that writing for children is easy.
Many people wrongly assume the whole commission goes to one person.
Many people wrongly believe that nobody can build on a lot if burrowing owls occupy it.
Many people wrongly believe that the job of a prophet is to predict the future.
Many people wrongly believe the priesthood can be a boring life.
Many people wrongly think of heart attacks as a man s problem.
Many people yearn to be more creative.
Many peoples are in the prison in Bhutan and their families are in the refugee camps.
Many peoples believe that the head is the center of spiritual energy.
Many peoples find wholeness in spirituality in different ways.
Many peoples lack both the time and resources to distill drinking water to render it safe to drink.
Many peoples run out of buildings.
Many peoples tie owls to death and witchcraft.
More people often means greater chance of injury and death.
More people actually die from choking on their own dinner.
More people actually see it, so more people click on it.
More people also require more services, from police protection to health care.
More people appear wondering where and who they are.
More people arc trapped by crippling deficits.
More people are a part of second marriages today than first marriages.
More people are able to accomplish things.
More people are able to enjoy our area even though they are working.
More people are able to participate in research and feedback.
More people are able to provide a better quality of life for their families.
More people are afraid of speaking in front of others than any other fear.
More people are alive today because of the decrease in tuberculosis.
More people are alive today than have lived and died since the world began.
More people are alive today, than have ever died.
More people are allergic to cow's milk than any other food.
More people are always welcome, because more hands make a lighter job.
More people are always welcome.
More people are an economic benefit in the long run, though they are a burden in the short run.
More people are angry about the gag rule than ever before.
More people are aware of reggae music right now than they did before.
More people are aware of the effects of learning disabilities and brain injury.
More people are aware of the fact that there is such a thing that exists.
More people are aware of the tie between eating and chronic disease in our nation.
More people are aware that it's good to know a second and even a third language.
More people are be criminals are being sent to jail and getting the death penalty.
More people are better than fewer people.
More people are concerned about the impacts of growth.
More people are conserving water and energy inside and outside the home.
More people are convinced of the undesirability of war by television footage than by any words.
More people are eager to learn about networking.
More people are familiar with that platform.
More people are free, and more people are benefiting from the global economy.
More people are good for the economy.
More people are happy.
More people are home and looking for an after-dinner treat.
More people are in immediate danger for the same reason.
More people are in jail for drug offenses than for other types of crime.
More people are in politics for purely selfish reasons than most people realize.
More people are in poverty today than before the last recession.
More people are in prison because of drugs, or dying, than ever before.
More people are in prison than ever before, but violent crime continues to ravage our society.
More people are in school than ever before.
More people are in the area, so dump problems are worse.
More people are in Transcaucasia, Armenia, Turkey, and Syria.
More people are in work than ever before.
More people are inddors and sleeping bodies are very exposed to falling masonry.
More people are interested in family history.
More people are interested in finding their vocation.
More people are interested in fishing than nature can support.
More people are interested in leasing bulls, rather than owning.
More people are interested in serving on the council than there are vacancies available.
More people are interested in taking their health care into their own hands than ever before.
More people are interested in tasting golds rather than silvers.
More people are killed each year by baseball bats than by guns.
More people are less aware of dating violence.
More people are likely to bail out.
More people are likely to be stopped for drink-driving in the summer months.
More people are likely to fold a good simple model than a good intermediate or good complex model.
More people are likely to pay attention when browsers and platforms become issues.
More people are lonely.
More people are more comfortable now about their sexuality and talking about it.
More people are more concerned about the appearance of an education.
More people are multiracial in Franklin County than in any other county.
More people are now able to come to the new shop, as it is located in the center of town.
More people are now willing to listen to the man many once regarded with contempt or annoyance.
More people are on the job than ever before in our history.
More people are on the network, generating more traffic per user at an explosive rate.
More people are online today than had TVs when man first landed on the moon.
More people are open to seeking alternate spiritual paths.
More people are out of school and on the road.
More people are outraged over racial slurs than bloodshed in the streets.
More people are poor.
More people are sad to see the building go as a whole.
More people are self-employed.
More people are sidetracked from serving by materialism than anything else.
More people are single today than any time in history.
More people are skeptics than believers.
More people are slaves today than in any time in history.
More people are then able to look into more medicine to cure everything possible.
More people are to be credited as work progresses.
More people are vegtarians than ever before.
More people are willing to be entrepreneurs.
More people are willing to construct for others the visualization they have in their minds.
More people are willing to listen to what science has to say.
More people are working, welfare caseloads are down and the state is spending less money.
More people are worried about gasoline prices.
More people are, in fact, working today than ever before in our history.
More people are.
More people arrive every day from communities now under the Zambezi.
More people arrive in the lunch hour than at other times.
More people arrive.
More people ask for information about vegetarian cooking, how to prepare things.
More people ask for job information on-line than any other single type of information.
More people associate death with old age.
More people attend arts activities than sporting events.
More people attend arts events each year than attend sports events or vote in a national election.
More people attend church once a week than in any other Judeo-Christian society.
More people attract even more people.
More people become il during the winter months largely due to poor air quality.
More people become infected every day.
More people become more violent criminals in prison than they are when they go in.
More people begin their own companies when the economy is bad than when it is good.
More people begin their own companies when the economy is bad than when the economy is good.
More people begin to arrive in the afternoon.
More people begin to rise in meaningful careers.
More people believe in astrology than any other myth.
More people believe in astrology than astronomy.
More people believe in UFOs than in the future of social security.
More people bodyboard, even more counties do.
More people buy food than make a retail purchase.
More people buy more stuff.
More people buy our telephone products in the United States than any other brand.
More people buy the newspaper first thing in the morning than at any other time.
More people buy, sell, and collect collectibles.
More people buy.
More people call metropolitan Detroit home today than at any time in history.
More people calling generally translates into greater success in getting the desired times.
More people can afford boats, and have boats, more than at any other time in history.
More people can afford to fly.
More people can analyze more data faster and make better decisions.
More people can approach it.
More people can benefit, or can benefit more.
More people can buy coffee faster.
More people can buy homes in metro Phoenix than most other large U.S. cities.
More people can expect to get good vision the next day and go back to work.
More people can fall in without constant care and attention.
More people can gain access to library resources through remote access.
More people can get more things done.
More people can have greater access to more information more often.
More people can participate in the sport.
More people can plan to travel.
More people can relate to their game than the men's serve and volley game.
More people can see and enjoy tournament golf.
More people can see the groups first-hand, without the bother and expense of travel.
More people can share more stories over the widespread wires of the web.
More people can specialize more, to produce more effectively, efficiently, and abundantly.
More people can use advanced visualization technologies more frequently.
More people can walk away from accidents now than ever before if they think about that safety issue.
More people can walk to the bus.
More people carry cell phones compared to just two years ago.
More people change right answers to wrong ones than the other way around.
More people claim a religious world view that a Marxist or atheistic one.
More people claim to be volunteering than ever before.
More people climb Mt. Everest each year than visit the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
More people collect players rather than whole teams, so they concentrate on the individuals.
More people come from there than any other source.
More people come in to consume beverages.
More people come out, filling the rings.
More people come to our performances every time.
More people come to the farmers' market when the weather gets warmer.
More people come to web sites by means of search engines than nearly all other methods combined.
More people come up with more gadgets, some of which can help.
More people coming to the site means more submissions.
More people commit suicide emerging from depression than while depressed.
More people commit suicide with a gun than are murdered each year , they say.
More people commute and do everything else in a vehicle, usually alone.
More people commute into Seattle to work than commute from Seattle to work elsewhere.
More people complain about too much information on a topic than about a lack of information.
More people complain of getting recurring colds, flu and infections.
More people complain, too.
More people consider abortion to be murder.
More people consult astrologers about relationships than any other single issue.
More people consume it every year.
More people consume more resources.
More people consume more.
More people continue to die from fire in their homes than any other location.
More people continue to die from fires in their home than any other location.
More people contribute to environmental organizations and recycle than the national average.
More people cook outdoors in the summer than any other time of the year.
More People crave chocolate than any other food.
More people create more trash.
More people decide to stay for a while and have second or third looks.
More people depart, and the downward spiral continues.
More people die after a hurricane than during it.
More people die after a hurricane than during one.
More people die after a hurricane than during.
More people die annually from flash floods than lightning, tornadoes or even hurricanes.
More people die annually from overdosing by prescription drugs like oxycontin than car accidents.
More people die annually in the U.S. from lightning strikes than any other weather phenomena.
More people die at home in Oregon than anywhere in the nation.
More people die because of gun control than from gun-related accidents.
More people die by suicide each year than by murder.
More people die by suicide than by homicide.
More people die by suicide than homicide.
More people die due to overeating than due to malnutrition.
More people die each year as a direct cause of drug prohibition than from overdosing on drugs.
More people die each year from bee stings than from shark attacks.
More people die each year from bee stings than shark attacks.
More people die each year from medical misadventures than from accidental shooting.
More people die each year from suicide than from homicide.
More people die each year from the effects of insect venom than from spider or snake bites.
More people die each year from the flu than from the West Nile Virus.
More people die each year in the U.S. as a result of tobacco .
More people die each year in the U.S. as a result of tobacco.
More people die each year of bee stings than snake bites.
More people die every year due to extreme reaction to penicillin.
More People die every year from Aspirin than suffer strokes in Chiropractic offices.
More people die every year in America from colon cancer than from prostate or breast cancer.
More people die for poetry here than anywhere else.
More people die from a fire s smoke than the fire itself.
More people die from bee stings each year than snakebites.
More people die from bee stings every year than from snake bites.
More people die from bee stings every year than shark attacks.
More people die from breathing smoke than by burns.
More people die from candle-related fires after a disaster strikes then from the disaster itself.
More people die from car accidents every year that they do from guns.
More people die from car accidents than have ever died from marijuana.
More people die from chemical drugs and their side effects than from the actual disease itself.
More people die from choking on their own dinner.
More people die from fire in their homes than any other location.
More people die from firearm related suicides than homicides.
More people die from fires each year in New York City than in the entire country of Japan.
More people die from flood-related causes than any other natural hazard.
More people die from floods than earthquakes and volcanoes combined.
More people die from heart disease than any other source of death.
More people die from heart related problems than from any other illness.
More people die from insect bites than snake bites.
More people die from lightning strikes than any other storm related incidents.
More people die from Lightning strikes than any other storm related incidents.
More people die from lightning strikes.
More people die from lightning than tornadoes and hurricanes combined.
More people die from lung cancer than colon, prostate and breast cancer combined.
More people die from lung cancer than from breast cancer, prostate and colorectal cancers combined.
More people die from medical errors than from breast cancer or motor vehicle accidents.
More people die from medical errors than from firearms.
More people die from medical malpractice than violent crime.
More people die from murder or manslaughter than from bronchitis, emphysema, and asthma combined.
More people die from results of smoking than from any other addiction.
More people die from shark attacks than from lightning strikes.
More people die from shock than the injury itself.
More people die from smoke inhalation than burns.
More people die from smoke inhalation than from burns.
More people die from suicide than from homicide in the United States.
More people die from suicide than from homicide.
More people die from the effects of tobacco than all other drugs combined.
More people die from the results of smoking than from any other addiction.
More people die from the side effects of chemical treatments than from the actual disease itself.
More people die in a given year as a result of medical errors than from motor vehicle accidents.
More people die in accidents involving a drunk drivers than from gun accidents.
More people die in Britain today from alcohol related illness than from drug abuse.
More people die in fires caused by smoking than by forest fires and arson-induced fires combined.
More people die in fires caused by smoking than in arson-induced fires.
More people die in fires from smoke inhalation than flames.
More people die in fires than all natural disasters combined.
More people die in highway-rail crashes each year than in airplane crashes.
More people die in highway-rail crashes each year than in commercial airline crashes.
More people die in hospitals and nursing homes now than at home.
More people die in the home every week than in road accidents, according to a government report.
More people die in winter cold waves than in hurricanes, tornadoes or any other weather phenomena.
More people die in wrecks there than on any other highway or street in the city.
More people die of bee stings, than of snake bites.
More people die of heart disease caused by bad diet and obesity than by drug abuse.
More people die of heart disease than from any other illness.
More people die of hypothermia each year than of snake bites.
More people die of lung cancer than of colon, breast and prostate cancers combined.
More people die of lung cancer than of colon, breast, and prostate cancers combined.
More people die of malnutrition after chemo than of the cancer itself.
More people die of preventable diseases because there is no money for medicines or hospitals.
More people die of smoking related heart disease than lung cancer.
More people die of suicide than from homicide.
More people die of the cold than of the heat.
More people die on the golf course than out fishing in their boats.
More people die there than anywhere else.
More people die.
More people dislike brown than like it.
More people divorce each year in Britain than in any other country in Europe except Belgium.
More people do international style at competitions and exhibitions.
More people do read now.
More people do want to know.
More people doing more stuff in the Web leaves less for everybody.
More people donate blood and donate more frequently.
More people drink in a club.
More people driving more miles on the same roads means more gridlock.
More people drop out of resistance exercise because they started too fast or pushed too hard.
More people drown each year just taking a swim.
More people drown in a hurricane than die through effects of the winds.
More people drown in deserts than die of thirst.
More people drown in their cars during a flood than anywhere else.
More people drown in their cars than anywhere else.
More people eat at a family home than travel to the beach or other public place.
More people eat rice as the staple of their diet than any other single food.
More people end up with dentures due to gum disease than as a result of tooth decay.
More people enter area for recreation.
More people enter nursing homes due to falls than for any other reason.
More people enter the coat room.
More people enter the supply side of the market.
More people enter.
More people entering data tend to create more inconsistencies.
More people equals more cars and more activities that contribute to poor air quality.
More people equals more customers.
More people equals more fun.
More people equals more money, equals more research, equals possible cure.
More people exchange e-mail every day.
More people fail at suicide than succeed, though.
More people favor a longer, hands-on type of class.
More people feel the Bible can have the greatest impact on children.
More people finish marathons with no brains than with no shoes.
More people fish for largemouth bass in North America than any other fish species.
More people fly and the average ticket price has fallen by one-third.
More people fly now than have ever flown before.
More people follow teams.
More people gather.
More people generate more heat.
More people generate more trash.
More people get athlete's foot than any other fungal infection.
More people get home at a normal hour, have had dinner and come dressed casually.
More people get in line.
More people get interest in building around Wine.
More people get into the alternative health field.
More people get into trouble trying to rush than for any other reason.
More people get open to more things.
More people get their health care benefits from the most trusted name in the business.
More people get their money from a job than from a treasure hunt or a lottery.
More people get their news during the day from the radio than TV and newspapers combined.
More people get their news first from local TV stations.
More people get their news from television.
More people give the ship a livelier atmosphere.
More people go digital, non-smoking and vegetarian each year.
More people go hungry in Texas than in any other state.
More people go than ever.
More people go to casinos than to major league baseball games.
More people go to films than readings or buying poetry.
More people go to games in larger stadiums.
More people go to Miami Beach than the Grand Canyon.
More people go to parks than to monuments.
More people go to religious services each week in America than in any other country in the world.
More people go to the doctor for fatigue than any other reason.
More people go to the grocery store than go down just the pet food aisle.
More people go to theme parks than go to national parks.
More people grow disgusted with all the politicians and the system.
More people has more details.
More people have a phobia of frogs than rats.
More people have a phobia of vomiting than death.
More people have a Stanley Cup ring than a Memorial Cup ring.
More people have access to nutritious food, health care, clean water, sanitation, and education.
More people have access to spy-tech electronics.
More people have access to the information contained in the images.
More people have access to the information.
More people have better access to a captive orca than a wild one.
More people have checking accounts in the U.S. than have credit cards.
More people have clean water.
More people have colds in the wintertime, and therefore spread more germs.
More people have combination skin than severely dry or oily skin.
More people have credit cards than ever before.
More people have difficulty throwing discs for their dogs than any other single concern.
More people have dogs and more art shops and organic food places appear.
More people have e-mail than web access.
More people have financial needs than any other kind.
More people have greater access to great chefs and restaurants.
More people have health insurance, and use it.
More people have homes, careers and families.
More people have jobs than ever before.
More people have jobs, and the population is aging.
More people have money invested in the stock market than at any other time in history.
More people have money to invest than before.
More people have more access to more information than ever before.
More people have more access to more sensitive information than ever before.
More people have more disposable money .
More people have more money to spend and invest than ever before.
More people have more problems because of it.
More people have PCs.
More people have regular work.
More people have remote access to a phone than internet access via computers.
More people have skin cancer than all other cancers combined.
More people have small screens than big ones.
More people have telephones and running water than before the war.
More people have television and cable than have telephones.
More people have televisions.
More people have the means to do it than ever before.
More people have to assert themselves against idots and the courts.
More people have to die for an event to make the news.
More people have to step up though, coming into the finals.
More people have tvs than telephones or flushing toilets.
More people have web access.
More people here go to the East on holidays and start to know more about the faith.
More people here speak indigenous languages than anywhere else.
More people hyphenate their beliefs.
More people ignore paper in favor of electronic messages to family, friends and business associates.
More people ignore red flags.
More people imbibe tea every day than any other beverage in the world.
More people info on the directories page .
More people invest in securities today than ever before, and they have more choices.
More people is better.
More people join in the game, until it becomes more of a game of football.
More people join the online community every day, and spend more time online.
More people just get in the way.
More people just neglect any similar claims.
More people keep piling into the bus until the very last minute.
More people kill over religion than anything else.
More people kill people using car phones.
More people kill their fish by adding chemicals.
More people kill themselves in the U.S. every year, than are killed by others.
More people know how to land the shuttle than know how to land an airship.
More people know where to report fraud, more fraud, or just more Internet sales.
More people lack drinking water today than they did two decades ago.
More people learn if they have a good teacher.
More people learn the piano and violin than the koto and shamisen.
More people leave New York than anywhere else.
More people lie about sex in America than any other subject other than golf.
More people live alone and are solely dependent upon their personal earning power to survive.
More people live alone, bowl alone, travel alone, eat alone.
More people live better and longer than at any time in history.
More people live here today than ever before, and the numbers are projected to increase.
More people live here today than ever before.
More people live in bamboo and reed buildings than in houses of any other material.
More people live in China than anywhere on earth.
More people live in cities in Australia, as opposed to the countryside, than in any other nation.
More people live in cities than in rural areas.
More people live in concentrated urbanized places than in dispersed villages and rural settlements.
More people live in desperate social and housing conditions.
More people live in free societies today than at any time in our history.
More people live in freedom around the world today than ever before in history.
More people live in freedom today than at any other time in history.
More people live in the Atlanta metropolitan area than any other metro area in Georgia .
More people live in the Atlanta metropolitan area than any other metro area in Georgia.
More people live in urban and suburban hubs.
More people live in urban areas than ever before.
More people live in Western Colorado than can be supported naturally.
More people live, work, and think Long Island than ever before.
More people look to increase performance through their exhaust system than any other method.
More people look to the Web for information about religion than for auctions or online banking.
More people looking for jobs means less pressure on employers to raise wages.
More people lose their jobs over interpersonal skills than academics in the real world.
More people lose their teeth to gum disease than cavities.
More people make charitable contributions while they are living than later through their wills.
More people make it even more enjoyable.
More people make it more enjoyable and more inclusive.
More people makes for a greater division of labour and greater economic prosperity.
More people making many individual choices can bring significant change to a landscape.
More people making regular downloads equals more traffic.
More people marry during their young adult years than at any other time in life.
More people mean more cars in sight, stopped at every traffic light.
More people mean more cars, more headaches and longer commutes.
More people mean more cars.
More people mean more development, greater demand for water and increased storm water runoff.
More people mean more money spent on carnival rides and concessions.
More people mean more opportunities for falling bullets to strike victims even several miles away.
More people mean more opportunities for things to go wrong.
More people mean more producers of knowledge that make our lives better.
More people mean more services and schools.
More people mean more sprawl, more waste and less habitat.
More people mean more state and federal dollars.
More people mean more stress in the whole process.
More people means increased sewer and water needs for the city.
More people means less strain on each individual and a faster move.
More people means more activity on the boards.
More people means more consumption and waste.
More people means more consumption of resources and more generation of pollution.
More people means more demand for land and services.
More people means more demand for local products and services.
More people means more demand for services.
More people means more demand for water for domestic, agricultural, and industrial use.
More people means more demands for resources, more pollution, and more waste.
More people means more development.
More people means more dogs and more complaints about stray, barking and biting canine pets.
More people means more dynamic practices which translates to better skills in our matches.
More people means more energy use, escalating global warming and energy shortages.
More people means more houses, busier roads and crowded schools.
More people means more houses, businesses, miles behind the wheel and roads.
More people means more impact.
More people means more information.
More people means more land for agriculture and housing.
More people means more minds.
More people means more money - but from the same pot.
More people means more money and more fun.
More people means more money.
More people means more mouths to feed and more desires to satisfy.
More people means more opportunities for people to interact and to participate in campus life.
More people means more people working and more income.
More people means more positions, more dialogue, more voices, more cacophony.
More people means more power, and a bigger party.
More people means more power, more resources, more clout.
More people means more power.
More people means more pressure on resources and rising tensions within and between countries.
More people means more problem solvers.
More people means more revenue for companies.
More people means more sales.
More people means more schools.
More people means more surgeries.
More people means more time per workout.
More people means more to manage and more confusion.
More people means more traffic and more crime .
More people means more traffic and more crime.
More people means more traffic, more energy and water needs, and more waste.
More people means more value means more value for the leading companies.
More people means more water and energy are needed.
More people means that areas of expertise can be exploited.
More people means that formal, objective assessment is more useful.
More people means the screen needs to be divided into smaller and smaller windows.
More people miss the cut than make the cut.
More people miss work for back pain than any other ailment except the common cold.
More people move into the area and things look pretty good.
More people move through the burger line.
More people move to Atlanta than any other city in the country.
More people move to Las Vegas than any other city in the United States.
More people now accept and rely on fax and email for their correspondences.
More people now are able to enjoy the game .
More people now believe that everything is energy.
More people now die from cancer than from other major causes of death.
More people now die from drug overdoses than from guns and knives.
More people now have access to basic health care, education, water and electricity.
More people now have access to clean water sanitation and better health care.
More people now have access to computers and to the Internet.
More people now have bank accounts and PCs.
More people now have many of the most often stolen goods.
More people now have possibilities, more people now feel themselves to be men.
More people now have the money to start or complete their flight training.
More people now read the on-line bulletin than the printed version.
More people now realise how easy and rewarding it is to grow their own orchids.
More people now realize that exporting sustains and creates jobs in Sudbury.
More people now realize the issue and are beginning to ask questions.
More people now survive close brushes with death.
More people now use living trusts to provide for management and final distribution of their assets.
More people now visit Southern Delaware yearly, than do Hawaii.
More people offer additional judgement and expertise, but also compete for time interacting.
More people online means more people to meet.
More people ought to be concerned.
More people ought to stick up for what's right.
More people ought to try it.
More people overeat at their dinner meal than at any other meal.
More people overtrain for the event than undertrain.
More people own cameras than ever before, and photography is the fastest growing hobby in the world.
More people own cameras than radios, and photography is the fastest growing hobby in the world.
More people own homes per capita in Pueblo than in any other city in the nation.
More people own homes than ever before.
More people own horses today than ever before.
More people own stock now than used to.
More people own stocks than ever before.
More people own their homes and very few houses now lack the basic amenities.
More people own their own homes in Altoona than in any other city of similar size in the country.
More people participate in co-ops than invest in the stock market.
More people pass through the ride every year than any other.
More people place more faith in the private sector than they do in the public sector.
More people play and understand the game than ever before.
More people play blackjack than any other casino game.
More people play more.
More people playing the lottery means more money for China's welfare recipients.
More people prefer a fast-paced life to idleness.
More people probably fly over the Arctic Circle than actually visit it.
More people probably know the swing waltz, but they often dance it badly.
More people quit smoking for health reasons.
More people rate their health as poor.
More people read captions under photos or illustrations than read body copy.
More people read comics and comic books than any other form of literature on earth.
More people read the funny pages than the front page.
More people read the paper online than in ink version.
More people read the paper than anything else.
More people realize the importance of keeping their teeth longer.
More people receive their income from a treasure hunt.
More people recycle in America than vote.
More people regularly show up to rock concerts and college American football games.
More people rely on TV than newspapers, radio, and the Internet combined.
More people rent.
More people report trouble with moose than with bears, but both are potentially troublesome.
More people request it and drink it straight or on the rocks.
More people require a greater use of our finite natural resources.
More people require more food and more space to live, and they create more waste.
More people require the use of more fossil fuels and the production of more food.
More people reside during the summer months.
More people result in more cars, vans, and tour buses clogging the roads and polluting the air.
More people ride Arabian horses in parades than in bullfights.
More people ride transit in the Northeast than in any other region of the nation.
More people riding transit means fewer cars on the road, less congestion and cleaner air.
More people ring up huge bills using cellular services than any other utility.
More people say they are voters than actually are.
More people say they pray than say they're quite religious.
More people scan the Internet for information each day than any other medium.
More people see cohabitation as a better option.
More people see our national forests via roads than trails.
More people see the importance of maintaining basic labor and environmental standards.
More people see the possibility, feel the energy, and they too are free to walk if they choose .
More people seek treatment per year for their primary marijuana addiction.
More people seeking to buy the same goods causes the price of scarce commodities to increase.
More people seem to be allergic to cats than to dogs.
More people seem to be put off church going by unacceptable music than for any other reason.
More people seem to be sick of the political right wing and of pro-business politics in general.
More people seem to be using the gym than in past years.
More people seem to die of that than anything else.
More people seem to fail the tracking part of the trial than the others.
More people seem to have problems with their booms than anything else.
More people seem to vote when the presidential election is being decided.
More people sell stocks to take advantage of the lower rates, and so that's going to happen.
More people sell themselves short rather than overestimate.
More people sell themselves short than overestimate.
More people share the planet today than have ever lived.
More people sharing the ride to work means that there are fewer cars on the road.
More people shop on the Internet than ever before.
More people shop the internet every day.
More people shots.
More people show up, carrying a model of a suspension bridge that looks like a six-poster bed.
More people showing are up for cricket every year.
More people smoke weed and it s one big thing growing.
More people speak English in China than the United States.
More people speak English than Spanish and more people speak Russian than English.
More people speak such languages as Chinese, English, Russian, or Spanish than speak French.
More people spend hours looking for a receipt and of course their nerves get raw.
More people spend less time out in forests.
More people spend more time checking out hotels than sights and suggested walks.
More people spend more time working with a greater variety of tasks elsewhere than at the office.
More people stand behind the shadows only to watch and stare.
More people stand out on campus.
More people stand up and restate their points.
More people start coming in.
More people start looking for an alternative.
More people start thinking about buying.
More people start to show up.
More people starve.
More people stay off welfare rolls and out of unemployment lines.
More people step out of the cop cars.
More people suffer and die from heart disease than any other ailment.
More people suffer and die from heart diseases than from any other ailment.
More people suffer from back injuries than from the common cold.
More people suffer from basal cell carcinoma than any other form of skin cancer.
More people suffer from heart disease than any other health problem in the country.
More people suffer from pollution of the soul than of the environment.
More people survive.
More people take cannabis than regularly go to church.
More people take it upon themselves to make it a safe activity.
More people take pictures of wildlife, flowers, and plants than hunt or fish.
More people tend to associate sexual harassment with physical contact.
More people tend to come to meetings if there is food there.
More people tend to feel sad, depressed and overwhelmed.
More people tend to move when they retire.
More people think it is great to venture into a field that is male dominated.
More people touch the Earth through their garden than through any other process in their lives.
More people translates to more problems that the politicians choose to ignore.
More people travel abroad.
More people travel at any given time on the rail network in India than the population of Denmark.
More people travel farther and more often than at any time in human history.
More people travel more to look at views that are disappearing in smog caused by their own travel.
More people travel to different parts of the world for conferences, business meetings, and vacation.
More people travel today than ever before.
More people tune in.
More people understand that now.
More people understand what it's about than ever.
More people use blue toothbrushes than red ones.
More People use blue toothbrushes then red ones.
More people use blue toothbrushes, than red ones.
More people use cannabis just for pleasure than any other purpose.
More people use condoms than ever before.
More people use cyberspace as their commuter lane, working from wherever they choose.
More people use e-mail than access the web regularly.
More people use email than any other Internet application.
More people use email than any other part of the Internet.
More people use e-mail than have a Web page.
More people use it more often.
More people use it.
More people use more resources, create more waste and occupy more space.
More people use more resources, damage more of the earth, and create more pollution.
More people use more resources, including energy, food, water and so on.
More people use natural gas to heat their homes.
More people use our on-line event database than any other source.
More people use public transport in Wellington than anywhere else in New Zealand.
More people use search engines to find sites on the net than any other method.
More people use the Internet every day and their expectations are always increasing.
More people use the internet for e-mail than for anything else.
More people use the Internet to communicate via e-mail than for any other purpose.
More people use the Internet to communicate via email than for any other reason.
More people use the internet to locate services than by using the phone directory.
More people use the Web for health information than to look up sports scores.
More people use volunteering to support their careers.
More people using it means flushing out more quirks.
More people using the internet, makes it a more attractive marketing medium.
More people using their software means more advertising revenue.
More people view food as a natural way to fight illness and disease.
More people view our pages than any other specialty car site in the world.
More people visit doctors for anxiety than for colds.
More people visit it then any other place.
More people visit Paris each year than any other foreign capital in the world.
More people visit Thailand than any other country in Southeast Asia.
More people visit the Grand Canyon from Las Vegas than from anywhere else.
More people visit the Great Smoky Mountains National Park than any other national park.
More people visit the Keys and some buy homes for vacation or retirement.
More people visit the national forests than the national parks by a factor of two.
More people visit the national forests than the national parks by at least a factor of two.
More people volunteer for nonprofits, hospitals, etc., than any other place in Arizona.
More people walk in compact, mixed use centers.
More people walk to work in Center City than in any other major American city.
More people walk, more often.
More people watch advertisements during the big game than everyday spots.
More people watch television series than any other format.
More people watch television than read books.
More people watch the show than the speech.
More people watch the super bowl every year then any other event.
More people watching means more people betting and more people going.
More people wish to duplicate a night out at the movies without actually going to the theater.
More people work at home because of computers, fax machines, answering machines and other devices.
More people work during the day and there are fewer people at home.
More people work for Andersen today than do for the top five generalist firms combined.
More people work for the government than work in the private sector.
More people work from home.
More people work longer hours, or have two jobs, or try to combine work and study.
More people work off the clock.
More people work outside the traditional office than ever before.
More people working means healthier families.
Most people always have their doors open and are willing to talk.
Most people always think of the here and now.
Most people always think that the most expensive components are the best - here they are wrong.
Most people always wonder if they paid to much for there home.
Most people often confuse their thoughts with their feelings and their feelings with their thoughts.
Most people often overlook cleaning their filter after a trip and before storage.
Most people sometimes see spots, although they can become more noticeable with age.
Most people usually achieve their goal but some just never make it, no matter what they do.
Most people usually choose one product over another because of the name, and the reputation it has.
Most people usually choose to ignore someone without a nick.
Most people usually create disaster.
Most people usually do a mixture of both.
Most people usually enter a witty one-liner or comment.
Most people usually get better on their own.
Most people usually look for a fixed rate as soon as they choose to purchase.
Most people usually perceive experiences through only two or three channels.
Most people usually rely on using words either orally or in written form to communicate with others.
Most people usually start by figuring out what it's going to cost to maintain their site.
Most people usually start gaining weight again.
Most people usually think of advertising for a product.
Most people usually visit a Web site once during an online session.
Most people abandon real estate investing when they only see the pennies in the first few days.
Most people abhor spreadsheets and forms, yet they've had no choice until now.
Most people absolutely abhor waiting in lines.
Most people absolutely love it here.
Most people absorb calcium with no problems.
Most people accelerate their racquethead through the hitting zone on a first serve.
Most people accept a promotion with a pat on the back and a bottle of champagne.
Most people accept and learn to live with a condition if they know what is causing their suffering.
Most people accept everything they hear from scientists as strictly true.
Most people accept it and even encourage it.
Most people accept it as a measure of the overall value of the stockmarket.
Most people accept it.
Most people accept now that there are adverse health effects to exposure to toxic mold.
Most people accept reality.
Most people accept that commitment.
Most people accept that fact.
Most people accept that increased labor flexibility is needed to reduce unemployment.
Most people accept that men, on average, are more physically aggressive than women.
Most people accept that risk.
Most people accept that there is no absolute duty to prolong life at all costs.
Most people accept the fact that they are going to grow old and die.
Most people accept the view that people can choose to use a technology for good or ill.
Most people accept what they like and reject what they dislike.
Most people accept without question that the physical world is coherent and harmonious.
Most people access the Internet at home.
Most people access the Internet through work or school.
Most people access the Internet via personal computers.
Most people access the Internet with a personal computer.
Most people access the Internet with a standard modem, but find it slow.
Most people access the Web from home over relatively slow modem links.
Most people access their memory banks visually, kinesthetic accessers use motion instead.
Most people access Web sites via modems, often slow ones, at that.
Most people accessing charitable food assistance are women.
Most people acclimate quite quickly.
Most people accompany people.
Most people accredit the origin of the radio to telegraphy.
Most people accumulate information from diverse sources.
Most people ace that quiz, but some fail it.
Most people achieve comfort.
Most people achieve growth.
Most people achieve only a tiny fraction of their potential.
Most people achieve remarkable growth.
Most people achieve their goals by accident.
Most people achieve unity.
Most people acknowledge that children who love to read are more likely to be avid readers as adults.
Most people acknowledge that they want more than just money from their job.
Most people acknowledge that volunteers are a cost-effective resource.
Most people acknowledge that years of repression have given way to greater freedom.
Most people acknowledge the big stresses in their lives.
Most people acknowledge the existence of informal leaders in organizations.
Most people acquaint history majors with teachers, researchers, government workers or lawyers.
Most people acquire a pet for one of several reasons.
Most people acquire chances.
Most people acquire contact.
Most people acquire grammatical competence by school age.
Most people acquire houseplants as gifts either as whole plants or in the form of slips for rooting.
Most people acquire immunodeficiency.
Most people acquire interest.
Most people acquire knowledge.
Most people acquire the infection during childhood.
Most people acquire the taste for certain foods, based on a number of given circumstances.
Most people acquire their core beliefs and values from experiences without much analysis.
Most people acquire their financial knowledge haphazardly, by trial and error.
Most people acquire their skills by completing a formal four or five-year apprenticeship program.
Most people act as representatives.
Most people act like sheep, accepting whatever they hear.
Most people act on their sentiments.
Most people act out of self-interest.
Most people act out their fear of lesbians and gay men in non-violent, more commonplace ways.
Most people act responsibly and know what's right and wrong.
Most people actually claim for fewer animals than they have in case they lose a few.
Most people actually do some literature review before they start.
Most people actually don t know how to fight for their rights.
Most people actually drive into the path.
Most people actually focus on the credit card transaction passing across the Internet.
Most people actually get about as much water from solid food as they do from beverages.
Most people actually have more than one dream a night.
Most people actually notice increased energy, better sleep, and mental clarity.
Most people actually take about five years to get their degree.
Most people adapt well.
Most people add a can of soda pop to the water.
Most people add a hand written note or business card.
Most people add a whirlpool or hydro-massaging, multihead shower when remodeling.
Most people add information about themselves such as age, interests, hobbies, etc.
Most people add little to no organic matter to the soil, and the lawn is tramped on regularly.
Most people add many utilities and tools and other neat-o software tools to their system over time.
Most people add spices.
Most people address each other by their first names and greet each other with a handshake.
Most people address each other by their first namesbut, in business, a handshake is the norm.
Most people adjust readily to the aging process.
Most people adjust their mirrors so that they can see part of their own car reflected in it.
Most people adjust to much less salt in a month or so.
Most people adjust to new altitudes in approximately two to three weeks.
Most people adjust to the humidity fairly quickly.
Most people adjust to the outside caregiver issue after a couple of weeks.
Most people admire the Beartooths for their wild, spectacular beauty.
Most people admire their steaks, too, at dinner.
Most people adopt a brand of beverage at an early age and stay loyal to it through out their life.
Most people adopt both views of voting to some extent, even though they conflict.
Most people adopt diets.
Most people adopt points of view over a long time.
Most people adopt the dualistic position without even considering any alternative.
Most people adopt vegetarian diets.
Most people advance book in order to make sure they get the flights they want.
Most people advertise their business even though they have their phone number in the phone book.
Most people advise putting between five and ten thirty second spots on the reel.
Most people affected by gout are male.
Most people affected by leprosy live in developing countries in Africa, Asia and South America.
Most people affected by the drug have no memory of the incident or events afterward.
Most people affix the stamp to a piece of paper.
Most people afford themselves a certain amount of distance form their work.
Most people agonize over a car purchase.
Most people agree - healthy feet impact our entire bodies.
Most people agree .
Most people agree breastfeeding is best for babies.
Most people agree competition is needed.
Most people agree education contributes to future income.
Most people agree it was a fascinating time in world and American history.
Most people agree it's a harder job.
Most people agree on clearcut examples, but marginal cases are subject to debate.
Most people agree on more things than they disagree on.
Most people agree on the importance of an efficient transportation network.
Most people agree on the value of protecting human lives and improving conditions of human health.
Most people agree that a man who usually climaxes within seconds of insertion has a problem.
Most people agree that Atlanta has a multitude of creative talent.
Most people agree that bacteria can cause disease.
Most people agree that between six and eight is adequate for novices.
Most people agree that bizarre behavior tends to peak on full moons.
Most people agree that breastfeeding gives baby the very best start in life.
Most people agree that child pornography can be regulated on the Internet and elsewhere.
Most people agree that condoms decrease sensation.
Most people agree that cushions are more comfortable.
Most people agree that decent housing is a basic right.
Most people agree that dry aging results in a unique flavor.
Most people agree that eating Thai food is one of the more sensual dining experiences.
Most people agree that family planning is necessary.
Most people agree that fixing the problems that plague Detroit's public schools is critical.
Most people agree that food additives are a necessary part of our modern society.
Most people agree that food always tastes better on a camping trip.
Most people agree that function points work perfectly well when measuring business systems.
Most people agree that hand baggage has gotten out of hand.
Most people agree that hardneck garlics have more full bodied flavor that softnecks.
Most people agree that it came from both Christian and Roman tradition.
Most people agree that it hurts a lot.
Most people agree that it is a choice with potentially life-altering consequences.
Most people agree that it is healthy to make a poo about once a day.
Most people agree that jobs are the only acceptable way to dole out money to the masses.
Most people agree that more information makes a better decision.
Most people agree that nature means nothing without nurture.
Most people agree that our most precious sensory ability is vision.
Most people agree that our nonfat milk is sweeter and richer than any skim milk they've ever tried.
Most people agree that performance-enhancing drugs help athletes in their performance.
Most people agree that public attitudes to crime have to change.
Most people agree that self-confidence is an advantage in almost any endeavor.
Most people agree that slavery is immoral.
Most people agree that society has a moral imperative to address equity objectives.
Most people agree that some good behaviour can be attributed to self-interest.
Most people agree that spam is contemptible and a serious abuse of the e-mail system.
Most people agree that successful welfare reform depends upon available, affordable child care.
Most people agree that the addition of fat improves the flavor of food.
Most people agree that the best sig is no more than four lines long.
Most people agree that the biggest problem is development.
Most people agree that the closer the power is to the people the better.
Most people agree that the main difference is in the sound alone.
Most people agree that the media hype causes a rush of early closings and a stampede to get home.
Most people agree that the mission contained a monastery, storehouse, and a hospital.
Most people agree that the new frameworks for delivering aid are a step in the right direction.
Most people agree that the rising incidence of cohabitation in Western culture is deplorable.
Most people agree that the three-currency system works.
Most people agree that the United States faces an oversupply of physicians.
Most people agree that the water in the dew comes from the atmosphere .
Most people agree that the water in the dew comes from the atmosphere.
Most people agree that the worst event in the justice system is the execution of an innocent person.
Most people agree that they want to be treated fairly.
Most people agree that they want to be treated with dignity and respect.
Most people agree that things are looking pretty good.
Most people agree that unsolicited commercial e-mail sent in bulk qualifies as spam.
Most people agree that vegetation enhances beauty.
Most people agree that wetlands are important.
Most people agree the eucalypt is a true symbol of Australia.
Most people agree the film was too long.
Most people agree the new law went too far.
Most people agree there are better, simpler drugs on the horizon.
Most people agree time is the key to mending wounds and helping the newly formed city gel.
Most people agree to leave Canada on their own.
Most people agree to pay a deductible before the insurer becomes liable.
Most people agree with that conclusion.
Most people agree with the article.
Most people agree, a tree prvides more than just a shady spot in an urban landscape.
Most people agree, although most don t strongly agree, that they matter to the organization.
Most people agree, especially the older members.
Most people agree, however, on a range of actions they'd like to see government take.
Most people agree, however, that work means earning money.
Most people agree.
Most people aid a little.
Most people aim for editing savestates.
Most people aim to live their lives with as little drama as possible.
Most people allocate a fortnight to walk along the spine of England.
Most people allow time only for major museums.
Most people almost forget they're on an Island.
Most people already consider the spam thresholds too high, rather than too low.
Most people already consume more than enough protein.
Most people already do it.
Most people already have a game plan when it comes to their web site design.
Most people already have a life insurance policy of some sort.
Most people already have a mixture of races, ethnicities, or cultures in their backgrounds.
Most people already have a network going.
Most people already have a television.
Most people already have access to a large database of PC programs.
Most people already have an extra telephone line in their home or business.
Most people already have bikes anyway.
Most people already have too much fat in their diets.
Most people already know if they're uncomfortable with their financial situation.
Most people already know of the two or three major things they enjoy doing.
Most people already know that it is unusual for someone to get chickenpox twice.
Most people already know that much of life is a mess.
Most people already know that worms are hermaphrodites.
Most people already know the answer.
Most people already know what sun sign they are.
Most people already participate in coaching conversations.
Most people already produce plenty of pancreatic lipase.
Most people also aim for the biggest part on there oppenents body.
Most people also ask for a fireplace, in case the temperature drops below zero someday.
Most people also associate smoking with a better mood and pleasant activities.
Most people also assume that our girls are vicious and likely to bite at any moment.
Most people also belch or burp up stomach gas occasionally.
Most people also boil it like a potato.
Most people also bring a lawn chair as there are few picnic tables.
Most people also bring tablecloths, napkins, and candles for their place setting.
Most people also consider sexuality to be an extension of love.
Most people also do best with no more than one to two carb choices for any planned snacks they eat.
Most people also drink tea.
Most people also drive alone.
Most people also eat twelve grapes at midnight for good luck.
Most people also enjoy drams, music, and art.
Most people also experience a peacefulness in the presence of animals.
Most people also experience that the scale ends in at least one major second.
Most people also find that a custom footbed really helps the quality of the fit.
Most people also find they can lift their right leg slightly higher than their left.
Most people also find tofu, soy milk, and soy protein isolates fairly easy to digest.
Most people also have a vague notion of the complexity of a microprocessor.
Most people also have learning disabilities.
Most people also have to feel that what they do makes some difference in the world.
Most people also honor their own family members who have died.
Most people also keep a copy off-site.
Most people also mispronounce it as well.
Most people also note a change in facial and body contour.
Most people also object to the taste and odor left by chlorine in their drinking water.
Most people also overlook it when trying to cool off their systems.
Most people also plan for mental or physical incapacity resulting from an accident or illness.
Most people also prefer to discuss their intentions with family members.
Most people also shortchange themselves on fiber and complex carbohydrates.
Most people also show improvement within one to three weeks of starting medication.
Most people also tend to clean their plates no matter how much food they receive.
Most people also think they're fantastic in bed.
Most people also turn off weapons flash as it tends to block the view.
Most people also use their chest to breath when they are upset.
Most people anchor on one or two, and usually buy one to three of the item.
Most people anchor their boats off the north or south ends of the island.
Most people answer it poorly.
Most people answer no, they'd live their life differently.
Most people answer questions through e-mail.
Most people answer relationship building.
Most people answer surveys honestly.
Most people answer that matter is made up of elements, or atoms.
Most people answer Very high.
Most people answer with a nod to both - they're flexible.
Most people answer yes.
Most people apparently work seven days a week and long days at that.
Most people appear relatively sane.
Most people appear to be jammed into the pelvic structure from both above and below.
Most people apply breathe techniques.
Most people apply for both documents at the same time.
Most people apply forces.
Most people apply straw too heavily than too lightly.
Most people apply techniques.
Most people apply tension forces.
Most people apply the nail caps themselves.
Most people apply too much.
Most people apply upward forces.
Most people apply various techniques.
Most people appreciate and expect the recognition.
Most people appreciate being asked how they like to receive memos, updates, urgent requests, etc.
Most people appreciate being rewarded based on their individual effort.
Most people appreciate cash, but sometimes employees value other forms of awards as much or more.
Most people appreciate good, timely advice.
Most people appreciate honesty.
Most people appreciate music while driving.
Most people appreciate recognition.
Most people appreciate the artistry of a well-designed website.
Most people appreciate the backup.
Most people appreciate the current rules that put new utility wires underground inside subdivisions.
Most people appreciate the main product of the hive - honey.
Most people appreciate the variety of the reading and writing experiences.
Most people appreciate the visual splendor of the natural world.
Most people approach a job search with trepidation.
Most people approach a new business opportunity with great enthusiasm.
Most people approach from the South, through Vancouver.
Most people approach mediation with the best of intentions.
Most people approach the subject of borrowing money with some trepidation.
Most people approach the task of grieving in the same way they approach life in general.
Most people approach the web passively.
Most people approach time off with passion.
Most people approve of the costume because it is imaginative and sexy.
Most people are a bit awed in the presence of a king, a president, or some famous person.
Most people are a bit rusty on where Kazakhstan is . . .
Most people are a blend of several types.
Most people are a combination of both families.
Most people are a combination of two or three of the interest areas.
Most people are a combination of two types.
Most people are a combination of two with one stronger than the other.
Most people are a little different.
Most people are a little disappointed in the scattered remains of the city.
Most people are a little nervous during a job interview.
Most people are a mass of desires each desire an anarchist dominating for a brief time.
Most people are a medium or a large.
Most people are a mixture of impulses.
Most people are a mixture of two different personalities.
Most people are a threat to themselves.
Most people are a waste of good hate.
Most people are 'a week or so behind'.
Most people are able to appreciate the concept and accept it.
Most people are able to balance on the board after a few tries.
Most people are able to carry on normal activities during their treatment.
Most people are able to complete the survey within just a few minutes.
Most people are able to continue working while they are being treated with anticancer drugs.
Most people are able to control that impulse.
Most people are able to cope satisfactorily with the everyday stresses of living.
Most people are able to detect a pulse on the carotids or the radial arteries.
Most people are able to do it.
Most people are able to do some walking, which is an ideal exercise for bones.
Most people are able to do that themselves.
Most people are able to download the file without any problems.
Most people are able to earn a living doing whatever they know how to do or want to learn to do.
Most people are able to easily learn to feel the energy of chakras.
Most people are able to feel their pulse better at the neck.
Most people are able to find their phone number by calling their county government office.
Most people are able to function unless the hips are severely involved.
Most people are able to get adequate amounts of selenium in their diet.
Most people are able to go back to work the same day and eat normally right away.
Most people are able to go home as soon as their scan is over.
Most people are able to go home the same day that they have the procedure.
Most people are able to have sex from three to six weeks after a heart attack.
Most people are able to live comfortably with their skin condition with the following measures.
Most people are able to manage it.
Most people are able to manage the disease well.
Most people are able to pick up at least the basic steps.
Most people are able to produce their first maps on day one.
Most people are able to recognize that killing babies is wrong.
Most people are able to recover from a cold within two to fourteen days.
Most people are able to remain employed.
Most people are able to resolve their mental health concerns in conventional outpatient therapy.
Most people are able to respond to challenges at home, at work, and in their community.
Most people are able to return home after a brief recovery.
Most people are able to return to normal activities after treatment.
Most people are able to return to their normal activities after resting.
Most people are able to return to work a few days after having liposuction.
Most people are able to return to work after their post-operative care.
Most people are able to return to work after two weeks.
Most people are able to return to work and normal activities the day of the procedure.
Most people are able to return to work or school the following day.
Most people are able to sail away on their very first try with no windsurfing experience at all.
Most people are able to separate a person's life from the performance someone gives.
Most people are able to separate their private and work lives.
Most people are able to spot insincere or over inflated Enthusiasm.
Most people are able to take lower doses of the medication after they have been treated for a while.
Most people are able to understand that easily because they carry our product in their pocket.
Most people are about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
Most people are about as happy As they make their minds up to be.
Most People are about as happy as they make there minds up to be.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their mind to be.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Most people are about three months away from bankruptcy.
Most people are absolutely shocked when they realize how harshly they talk to themselves.
Most people are accustomed to a single use of forest land or rangeland.
Most people are accustomed to evaluating and signing contracts fairly routinely.
Most people are accustomed to operating as part of teams in many other environments.
Most people are accustomed to reading black text on a white background.
Most people are actually Internet junkies.
Most people are actually more concerned with age lines.
Most people are actually very results oriented when it comes to buying.
Most people are addicted to something.
Most people are affable.
Most people are affected by diseases.
Most people are afraid of bats because of myths, legends and superstition.
Most people are afraid of becoming entrepreneurs.
Most people are afraid of certain problems associated with it.
Most people are afraid of change, even if it is change they seek.
Most people are afraid of change.
Most people are afraid of clowns because they're omens for things to come.
Most people are afraid of death, yet death is but the graduation of life.
Most people are afraid of death.
Most people are afraid of failure and rejection.
Most people are afraid of giving attention.
Most people are afraid of giving blood.
Most people are afraid of heights.
Most people are afraid of it.
Most people are afraid of rejection just as they are afraid of failure.
Most people are afraid of silence and chatter nervously while trying to formulate an answer.
Most people are afraid of snakes.
Most people are afraid of talking to an audience, but are comfortable talking to a person.
Most people are afraid they'll make too much noise.
Most people are afraid to ask for help.
Most people are afraid to change.
Most people are afraid to come in here.
Most people are afraid to get anywhere near a guitar with tools.
Most people are afraid to pick up the telephone.
Most people are afraid to really regard, look at or change their practices at all.
Most people are afraid to take risks when it comes to starting a business, or investing money.
Most people are afraid.
Most people are African or African-European mix.
Most people are after that pot of gold at the end of their journey.
Most people are against it, viscerally so.
Most people are against it.
Most people are aghast at slavery.
Most people are all for it, though few folks can accurately define or even describe it.
Most people are all right.
Most people are all the same.
Most people are allergic to poison ivy and other poisonous plants.
Most people are allergic to the nickel in metal.
Most people are allergic to things they inhale, like pollens, molds, pet dander, dust mites.
Most people are already familiar with PC to PC Internet calling.
Most people are already familiar with the concept of using wildcards for filename expansion.
Most people are already familiar with the first aid assistance they provide at community events.
Most people are already numb from the small doses of deception involved in daily life.
Most people are already overburdened with too many taxes.
Most people are also ignorant of what true Calvinists believe.
Most people are also interested in purchasing an extra liner to use when wearing a skullcap or hat.
Most people are also more comfortable sitting with their hip joints higher than their knees.
Most people are also multicultural at least passively, in another sense.
Most people are also stupid, ugly, lazy, incompetent whingers.
Most people are also surprised that many ancient Roman coins are so inexpensive.
Most people are altruistic and wonder about how to give some of it back.
Most people are always in some kind of a personal or career transition.
Most people are amazed at how dry some of the pulp is when it comes out the end of the juicer.
Most people are amazed at how little water they actually drink.
Most people are amazed at our reasonable prices.
Most people are amazed at the assortment and quality of our items as well as our reasonable prices.
Most people are amazed at the beautiful mountains in New Zealand.
Most people are amazed the first time they see it in action.
Most people are amazed when one makes it.
Most people are ambivalent about the dumbing down of reality programming.
Most people are angry and upset at first.
Most people are anxious about being able to talk in a group.
Most people are anxious about being able to talk in group.
Most people are anxious about having surgery and anesthesia.
Most people are anxious about the future.
Most people are anxious about what is the right gift to give to their loved ones.
Most people are anxious and a little bit apprehensive about getting their licenses.
Most people are anxious to do what is best for themselves and least harmful to others.
Most people are anxious to solve their problems, but there is just a lack of communication.
Most people are appalled by that.
Most people are appalled to have offended someone.
Most people are appalled when pleasure is taken from the suffering of an animal.
Most people are apprehensive about approaching a financial institution for a loan.
Most people are apprehensive about negotiating for salary or benefits.
Most people are apprehensive when they take their first open-water dive.
Most people are armed and prepared to use their weapon.
Most people are as happy as they choose to be.
Most people are as happy as they make up their mind to be.
Most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Most people are as poor as ever, and the nascent middle class seems stillborn.
Most people are as such.
Most people are ashamed of doing horror.
Most people are ashamed of it.
Most people are asleep or going about their business, however, and miss the magic.
Most people are asleep.
Most people are astounded.
Most people are at a considerable disadvantage when arranging a funeral and burial.
Most people are at a content site looking at a particular topic.
Most people are at a loss to conjecture about the purpose of such a spongy material.
Most people are at a loss to counsel the depressed, the distressed, the bereaved, or the suicidal.
Most people are at a total loss at what to bring on an extended stay in a foreign country.
Most people are at home in the evening.
Most people are at least a little bit bisexual.
Most people are at least somewhat familiar with basic home fire escape messages.
Most people are at least somewhat nervous about dental care.
Most people are at the bottom level.
Most people are at the mercy of their feelings.
Most people are at the point at which they ignore banner ads.
Most people are at work now in their various venture capital organizations or high-tech companies .
Most people are attracted to someone who is well groomed however, there is more to it than that.
Most people are average, and every child has talents that can be encouraged.
Most people are awake by then and few have gone back to sleep.
Most people are awake during the procedure.
Most people are aware of at least one bhoot bungla , even in cities.
Most people are aware of automated teller machines for their personal use.
Most people are aware of bullying yet the subject has been strangely ignored.
Most people are aware of child abuse prevention.
Most people are aware of escalating player salaries and their connection to troubles in pro sports.
Most people are aware of fears of things such as snakes, disease, germs and violence.
Most people are aware of heavy snow loads on roofs.
Most people are aware of negative ion generators used in homes and autos.
Most people are aware of only a few of the many types of venomous animals.
Most people are aware of recycling.
Most people are aware of the benefits of iron and folate during pregnancy.
Most people are aware of the benefits of stretching.
Most people are aware of the credit problems encountered when going through divorce.
Most people are aware of the danger of fire but are unaware of the fatality of smoke.
Most people are aware of the favorable income tax treatment for gifts to charities.
Most people are aware of the harm caused by tobacco smoke.
Most people are aware of the importance of dietary fibre, which reduces the risk of colon cancer.
Most people are aware of the importance of food safety.
Most people are aware of the importance of providing good service.
Most people are aware of the influence of demographics on planning by business and government.
Most people are aware of the law that requires accommodation.
Most people are aware of the loving and playful nature of the dolphin.
Most people are aware of the many unique characteristics of the Earth that make life on it possible.
Most people are aware of the overall benefits of physical activity.
Most people are aware of the physical injury a bite can cause, but infection is also a real danger.
Most people are aware of the potential hazards and loss of teeth from gum disease.
Most people are aware of the problems associated with cut trees, as well as the expense.
Most people are aware of the recent hacking of major web sites.
Most people are aware of the recent independence of East Timor.
Most people are aware of the risks of uncooked meat.
Most people are aware of the role dietary fiber plays in human health and disease.
Most people are aware of the seminal role that trees play in balancing the salinity problem.
Most people are aware of the stress release from proper exercise.
Most people are aware of the threat of viruses.
Most people are aware of what lens brand they are wearing.
Most people are aware of what they like, but sometimes they surprise themselves.
Most people are aware of what's at the root of their anger.
Most people are aware only of the more obvious income, property and sales taxes.
Most people are aware that around the turn of the century, market hunting bloomed.
Most people are aware that autoclaves contain live, pressurized steam.
Most people are aware that clouds impact the amount of solar energy that is received at the ground.
Most people are aware that diabetes and heart disease are managed for a lifetime.
Most people are aware that driving under the influence of alcohol or drink-driving is an offence.
Most people are aware that fertilizers help trees.
Most people are aware that flowering plants and trees can wreak havoc on allergies when outdoors.
Most people are aware that Hedgehogs are basically insect eaters.
Most people are aware that our youngest citizens are also our poorest and most threatened.
Most people are aware that outdoor air pollution can damage their health.
Most people are aware that raw and undercooked eggs pose a food-poisoning risk.
Most people are aware that running a program from a questionable source is risky.
Most people are aware that smoking can damage their health.
Most people are aware that the interest on a home mortgage is tax deductible.
Most people are aware that the Internet and electronic commerce are growing rapidly today.
Most people are aware that the Internet is a huge network of computers that spans the globe.
Most people are aware that the Internet is a relatively modern invention.
Most people are aware that the use of compost is an effective way to improve plant growth.
Most people are aware that the world is quickly becoming digital.
Most people are aware that there are laws that exist to protect children and animals from abuse.
Most people are aware that there is some connection.
Most people are aware that U.S. oil production is down and oil imports are up.
Most people are aware that using blurring can improve compression.
Most people are aware that, untreated, they can lead to heart attacks, stroke and blindness.
Most people are aware the issuers charge late fees, sometimes even if only one day late.
Most people are awestruck when they see it for the first time.
Most people are back at their normal activities after a day or two.
Most people are back at work within a day or two after hair grafts and week or two after a flap.
Most people are back in their homes since the tornado.
Most people are back on their feet within a week.
Most people are back to ordinary activity after four to six weeks.
Most people are back to their normal routine in a very short period of time.
Most people are back to their usual state of health one month after the procedure.
Most people are back to work within a week or two.
Most people are back to work within a week.
Most people are bad behaviour.
Most people are bad programmers.
Most people are badly shaken-up, and rattled, by the experience.
Most people are baseliners.
Most people are basically good and kind.
Most people are basically good at heart.
Most people are basically good.
Most people are basically honest, nice, friendly people.
Most people are basically honest.
Most people are basically selfish, mean, self-centered and disrespectful.
Most people are basically unconscious, unaware.
Most people are below their stature and therefore ignored.
Most people are benevolent.
Most people are better judges of other people's moral character than they are of their own.
Most people are better off prepared.
Most people are better off remaining silent when being questioned.
Most people are better off taking a few simple precautions to protect their books and documents.
Most people are better off with their air bags left on.
Most people are better off.
Most people are bisexual by nature and therefore potentially bisexual in activity.
Most people are bitten by bats.
Most people are blind to subtle coercion.
Most people are boring and stupid.
Most people are boring but many are very dangerous to look at.
Most people are brave.
Most people are breathless who climb the hill without a burden.
Most people are busier than ever.
Most people are busy and they are already getting tons of email daily.
Most people are busy making a living and raising their families.
Most people are busy worring about there lives.
Most people are by now familiar with stock option plans and how they work.
Most people are called to prayer in Islamic countries as a daily part of life .
Most people are called to prayer in Islamic countries as a daily part of life.
Most people are campers.
Most people are candidates for the laser therapy.
Most people are capable of bringing their house down around their ears.
Most people are capable of performing well in at least two to three different professional fields.
Most people are capable of protecting themselves effectively.
Most people are capable of so much more than they realize.
Most people are capable of three or four full-time jobs.
Most people are careful about how they handle valuable possessions.
Most people are careful when they know the product they handle is dangerous to living things.
Most people are careful with campfires.
Most people are cautious of the unfamiliar.
Most people are children when they play.
Most people are Christian and there is strong tradition of other local spiritual beliefs.
Most people ARE closed-minded, no matter how much they disagree.
Most people are clueless concerning what's going in the world.
Most people are clueless.
Most people are cognizant of it and do a good job at being aware.
Most people are cold-blooded asses.
Most people are comfortable where they are.
Most people are comfortable with defining health problems in terms of diagnostic labels.
Most people are comfortable with the arrangement on push-button telephones.
Most people are comfortable with the herd.
Most people are comfortable with their names.
Most people are comfortable, even enjoy, enlightening others about what they do and how it's done.
Most people are comfortable.
Most people are completely blind to the impact agriculture has had on civiliaztion.
Most people are completely unaware of the plight of birds in shelters.
Most people are completely unaware that darters exist.
Most people are computer illiterate, including many people who think that are.
Most people are concern about running at the track with their bone stock cars.
Most people are concerned about excessive pollution as well.
Most people are concerned about food safety .
Most people are concerned about local issues involving school boards, city councilmen and -women.
Most people are concerned about the environment and want to do their part.
Most people are concerned about the overall cost.
Most people are concerned about their own pleasure.
Most people are concerned over legal costs.
Most people are concerned with physical fitness.
Most people are concerned with the expense of travel.
Most people are concerned with the future.
Most people are confident that they can separate the good advice from the bad.
Most people are confident with current livestock water levels.
Most people are confused about strategy.
Most people are confused about what is really being proposed.
Most people are congenitally unable to own their past.
Most people are conscious during a heart attack.
Most people are conscious of both the bottom line and the paperwork involved when it comes to taxes.
Most people are conservative in the wrong way.
Most people are conservative.
Most people are content to change the English.
Most people are content to sit and enjoy the view through the archway.
Most people are content.
Most people are convinced they are awful at math.
Most people are courageous.
Most people are creative.
Most people are creatures of habit.
Most people are critical of their self-image.
Most people are curious about human societies in the past and the ways they have changed over time.
Most people are curious about the erotic film industry.
Most people are curious about the worship style of parishes.
Most people are curious as to what a bond is and the process for getting one.
Most people are dead they die, some become vampires and have to be buried a second time.
Most people are dead wrong.
Most people are decent and law-abiding.
Most people are decent.
Most people are deeply and desperately alone.
Most people are deficient in Calcium.
Most people are deficient in correct essential fatty acids and plentiful in toxic damaged fats.
Most people are delighted to help.
Most people are delightful and honest but naturally shy of foreign visitors.
Most people are desperate for the jobs and economic development they expect the project to bring.
Most people are devout cagers and seem unable to handle the scooter scene.
Most people are disappointed when they try speech recognition for the first time.
Most people are disappointed with the performance of inexpensive indoor antennas.
Most people are divorced or have kids who are divorced or know someone who's divorced.
Most people are dominantly emotional.
Most people are eager for rewards and want to be patted on the back.
Most people are eager for technology training.
Most people are eager to help others, and it is easy to develop a network of new contacts.
Most people are eager to help.
Most people are eager to learn and ask very good questions.
Most people are eager to return to work and social activities after plastic surgery.
Most people are eager to settle into comfortable routines.
Most people are eager to talk.
Most people are Earth are neither clear or complete with their past lives.
Most people are easily bored by listening to someone else's life story, but enjoy telling their own.
Most people are eclectic.
Most people are either natural talkers or natural listeners.
Most people are either smallholders or nomadic pastoralists.
Most people are eligable.
Most people are eligible.
Most people are embarrassed if no conversation is going on.
Most people are embarrassed to express their concerns.
Most people are embarrassed to talk about impotence and to visit a pharmacy.
Most people are emotional and crave for continual spiritual interplay.
Most people are engaged in behavior.
Most people are engaged in risky behavior.
Most people are engaged in risky sexual behavior.
Most people are engaged in sexual behavior.
Most people are engaged in target behavior.
Most people are engaged in therapy.
Most people are ethical.
Most people are evangelists for what they believe in.
Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
Most people are even more terrified of asking a stupid question in public than they are of speaking.
Most people are evolved from animals.
Most people are evolved from apes.
Most people are excited about their new life when they first arrive in Canada.
Most people are excited and want to get an animal right away.
Most people are excited to find a fawn, and it is an amazing sight.
Most people are experts at discovering things they consider to be wrong.
Most people are extremely generous.
Most people are extremely ignorant in regards to hurt children.
Most people are extremely uncomfortable around a man who is crying.
Most people are fairly active when they re young, and activity generally slows as the years pass.
Most people are fairly knowledgeable in their consumerism.
Most people are familar with buying CD-ROM software in a store.
Most people are familar with prayer, on an intimate level.
Most people are familiar from high school geometry with compass and straightedge constructions.
Most people are familiar with a highway map or a street map.
Most people are familiar with a similar domain conversion to simplify a problem.
Most people are familiar with a tubular flute.
Most people are familiar with aerobic exercise.
Most people are familiar with aphasia.
Most people are familiar with at least one of the preceding Polynesian greetings.
Most people are familiar with automated telephone services.
Most people are familiar with bail bonds.
Most people are familiar with card catalogs , which can be used to find books in many libraries.
Most people are familiar with CDs from music and data disks available at many retail outlets.
Most people are familiar with CDs or compact discs as discs on which music is stored.
Most people are familiar with common x-ray procedures for chest radiography.
Most people are familiar with corporations through their everyday experience with commerce.
Most people are familiar with curtain rods.
Most people are familiar with cyanide as a poisonous substance.
Most people are familiar with deductive reasoning.
Most people are familiar with diabetes as a sugar disorder.
Most people are familiar with early cave paintings and their depiction of horses and bison.
Most people are familiar with either stainless steel or enameled sinks.
Most people are familiar with fast food franchises.
Most people are familiar with fasting from food, but fasting can be much more.
Most people are familiar with grant making foundations.
Most people are familiar with graphs that utilize linearly scaled axes.
Most people are familiar with guide dogs for the blind.
Most people are familiar with hand routers.
Most people are familiar with helium balloons.
Most people are familiar with just the rightmost side of it.
Most people are familiar with large-type books, recordings and descriptive television.
Most people are familiar with lathyrus or sweet pea as a cut flower.
Most people are familiar with life insurance and disability insurance policies.
Most people are familiar with many common web-making species.
Most people are familiar with microwave heating due to the popularity of the microwave oven.
Most people are familiar with mountain bikes.
Most people are familiar with newspapers.
Most people are familiar with normal data types like integer, real, string and arrays.
Most people are familiar with occasional, pounding headaches.
Most people are familiar with options on stocks.
Most people are familiar with or at least have heard the term firewall before.
Most people are familiar with plants growing inside of greenhouses.
Most people are familiar with plumbers who unclog drains or install appliances.
Most people are familiar with printing to printers that are directly connected their computers.
Most people are familiar with red table beets.
Most people are familiar with retail payments systems such as checks and credit cards.
Most people are familiar with rivers.
Most people are familiar with runtime asserts.
Most people are familiar with sales taxes.
Most people are familiar with six-sided dice.
Most people are familiar with sports and they can relate to an example involving sports.
Most people are familiar with stairway lifts.
Most people are familiar with sweet corn and enjoy it as part of their diet.
Most people are familiar with talc as a loose powder used in cosmetics and as a drying powder.
Most people are familiar with terrestrial habitats and can relate to a walk in the woods.
Most people are familiar with that great site Napster .
Most people are familiar with the alcohol content of beer, wine and distilled spirits.
Most people are familiar with the basic concept of depression.
Most people are familiar with the basic theory of natural selection.
Most people are familiar with the centerfed, halfwave dipoles and inverted vees that are so popular.
Most people are familiar with the colligative properties of solutions.
Most people are familiar with the command line interface, also known as a shell interface.
Most people are familiar with the common method of dandelion reproduction.
Most people are familiar with the common rental van.
Most people are familiar with the complex set of rules of their religion.
Most people are familiar with the concept of a surge suppresor for computers and other equipment.
Most people are familiar with the concept of an option when it comes to real estate.
Most people are familiar with the concept of on-line tracking.
Most people are familiar with the concept of overgrazing cattle.
Most people are familiar with the concept of trading stocks.
Most people are familiar with the corrosive effects of deicing salt to cars and road surfaces.
Most people are familiar with the expressions loam, clay, silt loam and so forth.
Most people are familiar with the hot flashes and mood swings associated with menopause.
Most people are familiar with the idea of economics.
Most people are familiar with the idea of paying back credit with interest.
Most people are familiar with the incandescent light produced by ordinary light bulbs in our homes.
Most people are familiar with the increase in safety from the use of seat belts.
Most people are familiar with the inkblot tests used by psychiatrists.
Most people are familiar with the Kings that ruled the vast empires of western and central Africa.
Most people are familiar with the major services or know someone who is.
Most people are familiar with the mineral talc.
Most people are familiar with the operation of ordinary mail.
Most people are familiar with the phallic vibrators.
Most people are familiar with the problem of spamming with email.
Most people are familiar with the red-osier dogwood.
Most people are familiar with the shiny, metallic green beetle.
Most people are familiar with the sound of when a shell is placed over the ear.
Most people are familiar with the standard form used to record voice mail messages.
Most people are familiar with the standard keyboard layout.
Most people are familiar with the tapes in their audio cassettes.
Most people are familiar with the term carat .
Most people are familiar with the term roleplaying.
Most people are familiar with the term volunteerism.
Most people are familiar with the term water dowser or water diviner.
Most people are familiar with the two-digit shortcut that programmers took in keeping data compact.
Most people are familiar with the type of dictionary that focuses on the words in a language.
Most people are familiar with the unique animals in the land down under.
Most people are familiar with the way the emotions of anger and fear can interfere with digestion.
Most people are familiar with theraband.
Most people are familiar with today's most popular exercise for the abs- the crunch.
Most people are familiar with traditional instruments like the piano or violin or guitar.
Most people are familiar with typical daytime thunderstorms during the summer months.
Most people are familiar with ultrasound imaging of the fetus.
Most people are familiar with vascular tissues in stems.
Most people are familiar with walking, trotting and cantering or galloping.
Most people are familiar with wet detention ponds as a type of stormwater management measure.
Most people are familiar with wills.
Most people are familiar withthe terms osteopaths, homeopaths, or naturopaths.
Most people are far less positive.
Most people are far too busy and honest to waste time on such a spurious activity.
Most people are far too busy living their own lives to bother to criticise.
Most people are farmers and live in villages.
Most people are farmers who work on the land near their villages.
Most people are farmers, relying on sustainable agriculture for their livelihood.
Most people are farmers.
Most people are fearful and distrustful of attorneys.
Most people are fearful of discussing problems related to their genitals.
Most people are fiber deficient.
Most people are fine by the second day at altitude.
Most people are fine to see anywhere, anytime.
Most people are fine with it and understanding.
Most people are fit in school, but get gradually more out of shape once they graduate.
Most people are flat-lining in revenues or dropping in revenues.
Most people are focused on winning, being right, and blaming.
Most people are followers.
Most people are fond of figs and rightfully so.
Most people are fond of figs, and rightfully so.
Most people are fools and all authority is malignant.
Most people are for the most happy and ofcourse, there are the class societies.
Most people are fortunate if they have one dream come true.
Most people are free to climb stairs or walk across a parking lot.
Most people are friendly and hospitable.
Most people are friendly and reasonable.
Most people are friendly, but be careful.
Most people are friendly.
Most people are frightened when they learn they have cancer.
Most people are future tense personalities.
Most people are fuzzy on exactly what common law marriage is.
Most people are gender-schematic.
Most people are generally quick to admit their ignorance of investing.
Most people are generally somewhere in between.
Most people are generally willing to help other people they know.
Most people are genuinely interested when theystart to learn about the sky and our equipment.
Most people are glad to give, no matter how much.
Most people are glad to help someone else.
Most people are glad to help.
Most people are glad to offer their time.
Most people are glad to see the old scrooge gone.
Most people are glad to share their experiences to help someone else.
Most people are glad to talk about their jobs.
Most people are glad to talk about what they are doing.
Most people are glad.
Most people are good and it is still worth it to be a webmaster and an original content provider.
Most people are good at analysis or communications skills.
Most people are good by the nature of things.
Most people are good stewards of the land and natural resources.
Most people are good storytellers when the story is true.
Most people are good.
Most people are goth, esp.
Most people are great.
Most people are greedy.
Most people are guilty of at least trying to change one thing about themselves.
Most people are guilty of bad behaviour.
Most people are happier being around people who are comfortable in their own skin.
Most people are happier if they enjoy their work and are richly rewarded for what they do.
Most people are happier in their own home or senior community, if they can get the right services.
Most people are happier with the results of arbitration.
Most people are happy and flattered to provide assistance in their areas of knowledge and expertise.
Most people are happy if they make a couple of hundred dollars extra per month.
Most people are happy just to feel that clarity occasionally.
Most people are happy that their mother tongue has greater visibility.
Most people are happy to accommodate.
Most people are happy to give their friends rides.
Most people are happy to help.
Most people are happy to just admire it from afar.
Most people are happy to oblige.
Most people are happy to participate in such an effort.
Most people are happy to provide help if it is requested.
Most people are happy to provide it.
Most people are happy to sit in their cramped seat in economy and make the best of it.
Most people are happy to talk about their attitudes and philosophy regarding people management.
Most people are happy to talk about their favorite tree or shrub.
Most people are happy to talk about their work.
Most people are happy to talk about what they've been doing.
Most people are happy to welcome friends of friends.
Most people are happy with a simple apology presented in an understanding voice.
Most people are happy with it just as it is.
Most people are happy with the defaults.
Most people are happy with the generic pieces of junk that come oem with their computers.
Most people are happy with the length of tape the show is on to the nearest side.
Most people are happy with the result and back to work within a week or two.
Most people are happy, when asked, to meet for a discussion over lunch or coffee.
Most people are happy.
Most people are here because they love research.
Most people are here because they love to teach and want to be a part of the community.
Most people are here because they're looking for support, advice, or guidance.
Most people are hesitant to approach someone about mentoring.
Most people are hesitant to discuss. . .
Most people are highly motivated during the first few days of a new behavior modification program.
Most people are highly sensitive to flicker and without proper filtering, viewing can be painful.
Most people are honest - when they buy somthing they pay for it.
Most people are honest about it.
Most people are honest and eager to stay on top of their debts.
Most people are honest and have trustworthy motivations.
Most people are honest chiefly because they are afraid of being caught.
Most people are honest chiefly through fear of getting caught.
Most people are honest with themselves and others only when it suits their ego agendas.
Most people are honest, but of course there is always the exception to the rule.
Most people are honest, but sadly there are rotten apples in every basket.
Most people are honest.
Most people are horrified to find that the fundamental protocol used on the Internet is unreliable.
Most people are house poor when they retire.
Most people are hurtful to others because they are full of hurt.
Most people are ignorant as to their power to make a choice about choices.
Most people are ignorant of it.
Most people are illiterate in Karen language.
Most people are illiterate.
Most people are ill-prepared.
Most people are imitators and copiers of their past selves.
Most people are impressed with their behavior, understanding and relational skills.
Most people are impressed.
Most people are impulse buyers .
Most people are in a given plan slightly less than three years.
Most people are in a hurry and have a short attention span.
Most people are in a hurry, but some are willing to discuss the elections.
Most people are in a state of shock after a loved one dies.
Most people are in a tremendous rush to get published.
Most people are in agreement.
Most people are in bed by midnight, although there are several bars open until the small hours.
Most people are in bed or in their cabins.
Most people are in casual dress.
Most people are in denial.
Most people are in doubt.
Most people are in favor of freedom of speech for themselves and other correct thinkers.
Most people are in favor of more humane treatment for drug users.
Most people are in favor of organ donation, but few have told their family.
Most people are in favor of the basic concept.
Most people are in favour of some form of reconciliation.
Most people are in it just to become rich and famous.
Most people are in love with life.
Most people are in occupations they hate, but they're making a good living at it.
Most people are in the Auditorium for the meeting.
Most people are in the business, others just come to gawk.
Most people are in the center.
Most people are in the community but very often remain on the edge of it.
Most people are in the forest industry or mining but there are a few farmers.
Most people are in the middle of each range.
Most people are in the middle.
Most people are in their office then.
Most people are in too much of a rush to make their purchase.
Most people are in town for conventions or vacation and stay downtown.
Most people are inactive and live sedentary lives.
Most people are inadequate when it comes to horses because they think like people.
Most people are incapable of giving and receiving love.
Most people are inclined to blame either themselves or others for whatever they consider wrong.
Most people are inclined to take direct and violent action or to do nothing at all.
Most people are inconsiderate and stupid.
Most people are incredibly busy and want to read one page or less.
Most people are incredibly clueless.
Most people are incredibly helpful.
Most people are incredibly ill-informed about their local politics, and that's incredibly important.
Most people are indeed able to resume sexual relations at some point after a heart attack.
Most people are indeed content to just lurk.
Most people are independent.
Most people are indifferent and uninvolved about issues that involve social responsibility.
Most people are infected with salmonella by eating foods that have been contaminated by feces.
Most people are infectious just before and during the first week of convalescence.
Most people are infertile because they can t produce viable gametes.
Most people are inherently good.
Most people are inherently honest and responsible and very few get off on abusing the public.
Most people are intelligent enough to know when they make mistakes.
Most people are intelligent enough to learn from their own experiences.
Most people are interested because at some point they've had to purchase a greeting card.
Most people are interested in a true human-interest story.
Most people are interested in having their property listed because they are proud of it.
Most people are interested in other people rather than abstract ideas.
Most people are interested in passenger vehicle licenses.
Most people are interested in saving money and energy.
Most people are interested in staying in communication in the interim between meetings.
Most people are interested in the same goal, and many hands make light work.
Most people are interested in their own personal comfort.
Most people are interested in web statistics.
Most people are interested in weight loss.
Most people are interested to earn additional money for a better living.
Most people are into the sport because it is an enjoyable way to exercise their dog.
Most people are into their third marriage by that time.
Most people are into vampires.
Most people are investors.
Most people are just a bunch of sheep.
Most people are just about as happy as they decide to be.
Most people are just afraid of success and they've created a road block for themselves.
Most people are just afraid to ask.
Most people are just as happy with one tutor as another.
Most people are just glad it s over.
Most people are just one law away from going to jail.
Most people are just scared of the word chemical.
Most people are just the opposite.
Most people are just there because they enjoy reading other people's comments.
Most people are just too busy to handle all their doityourself projects.
Most people are just too busy to pay continuous attention to their investments.
Most people are just too negative to have their opinions taken seriously.
Most people are just too serious.
Most people are kind and understanding.
Most people are kind of amazed.
Most people are kind of hazy about what it means to be on the Internet vs. in the regular world.
Most people are law abiding.
Most people are law-abiding citizens.
Most people are law-abiding.
Most people are lazy about doing what is right.
Most people are lazy and just do the minimum and wait for the money to roll in.
Most people are lean in latin america.
Most people are leery about sending confidential information over the net.
Most people are legally drunk after one or two drinks.
Most people are less alert at night, especially after midnight.
Most people are less familiar with wines from New Zealand.
Most people are libertarians at heart.
Most people are like that too, adults and children alike.
Most people are like that.
Most people are likely to accept the notion that cognitive dissonance is a normal fact of life.
Most people are likely to conform rather than act on their own individual values.
Most people are likely to conform rather than to maintain their individuality.
Most people are likely to take a peek from back yards or apartment windows.
Most people are likely to take a peek from backyards or apartment windows.
Most people are local, making it easier to get to know one another.
Most people are lucky if they are good at one thing.
Most people are lucky if they can get that telescope a day or two a year.
Most people are lucky if they darken the doorstep of that church twice a year.
Most people are lucky if they have electricity in their homes.
Most people are lucky.
Most people are lurkers most of the time.
Most people are mediocre, but they still succeed.
Most people are Mestizos.
Most people are Methodist here.
Most people are militant about their pronunciations as well.
Most people are moderately active.
Most people are monolingual.
Most people are more active in the summertime and have less fat in their diet, as well.
Most people are more afraid of dying alone than they are of death itself.
Most people are more afraid of fear of loss then expectation of gain.
Most people are more attentive to their task when they have an understanding of the whole picture.
Most people are more aware of the black holes in the Balkans than of the glimmers of hope.
Most people are more comfortable in a low-humidity climate even if the temperature is higher.
Most people are more comfortable in thier own home than they are in a hospital.
Most people are more comfortable wearing rubber-soled shoes or sneakers.
Most people are more comfortable with images that fit completely on their screen.
Most people are more comfortable with old problems than with new solutions.
Most people are more familiar with libraries than with archives.
Most people are more familiar with sexual obsessions about a particular person.
Most people are more familiar with surface water than groundwater.
Most people are more familiar with the club exchange paradigm than with corporate barter.
Most people are more familiar with the facial image shown to the right.
Most people are more familiar with the former usage.
Most people are more familiar with the idea of keeping a journal in the form of a diary.
Most people are more interested in doing things than sitting in meetings.
Most people are more likely to do evil rather than good.
Most people are more likely to have clear purposes at work than at home.
Most people are more motivated to commitment when something is in writing.
Most people are more motivated to keep a commitment when something is in writing.
Most people are more paranoid of sending credit card information than checking information.
Most people are more productive and generally like their jobs better when working in groups.
Most people are more productive and happier in a clean working environment.
Most people are more productive when given a choice of working hours and conditions.
Most people are more relaxed and learn more quickly in their own home or office.
Most people are more satisfied in larger groups.
Most people are more than happy to discuss what they do for a living.
Most people are more than happy to exchange food for money.
Most people are more than happy to share some nugget of their success story.
Most people are more than happy to share what they have with new instructors.
Most people are more than happy to talk about the workmanship in their new home.
Most people are more than happy to talk about their native country.
Most people are more than willing to give others the benefit of the doubt.
Most people are more than willing to help others. .
Most people are more than willing to let bygones be bygones.
Most people are more than willing to provide their e-mail address on request.
Most people are more than willing to share the view through their scope.
Most people are more than willing to share their favorite.
Most people are more than willing to talk about their jobs.
Most people are more worried about housing and other social conditions.
Most people are most comfortable with it slightly above knee height.
Most people are much better in bed as they get older.
Most people are much better off in an equity index fund.
Most people are much happier in their second marriages because they've learned from their mistakes.
Most people are much harder on themselves than on others.
Most people are much more comfortable training from the privacy of their home or office.
Most people are much more familiar with building with squares, than with triangles.
Most people are much more likely to want a good hammer than a well-organized toolbox.
Most people are much more profound and whole than they ever dreamed, if only they d open their eyes.
Most people are much too hard on themselves.
Most people are Muslim.
Most people are naturally anxious about taking a test.
Most people are naturally good listeners.
Most people are naturally interested in visiting the land of their ancestors.
Most people are naturally opposed to learning new things because of fear of failure.
Most people are naturally reluctant to share personal financial information.
Most people are naturally resistant to the leprosy bacteria and hence remain healthy.
Most people are naturally risk averse.
Most people are naturally unrepublican and have to be forced to listen to others.
Most people are near the center, where the curve is highest.
Most people are nervous about evaluating other employees.
Most people are nervous about taking tests.
Most people are nervous about talking in class, asking questions, and writing on the board.
Most people are nervous before a job interview.
Most people are nervous talking with a designer, let alone hiring one.
Most people are nervous the first time they are handed the keys to a shiny new car.
Most people are nervous the first time they go on the radio or on television.
Most people are nervous when interviewing.
Most people are nervous when they are driving so taking a bus can reduce our tension.
Most people are nervous when they go to a job interview.
Most people are never aware of their heart beating.
Most people are never aware that they have been bitten by a tick.
Most people are never even aware that it has happened.
Most people are new to steelhead and salmon river fishing.
Most people are new to the experience.
Most people are nice and good friends.
Most people are nice and laid back and fun.
Most people are nice and reasonable when approached on a friendly basis.
Most people are nice, but there are some people out there who want to hurt kids.
Most people are nice, friendly.
Most people are nice.
Most people are no longer infectious after the first week of jaundice.
Most people are noise generators, whether they're a commercial operation or an individual.
Most people are non educated and easy to handle with simple and lying arguments.
Most people are now as well educated as their leaders in church and State.
Most people are now ready to go, with the wait a bit of a bore.
Most people are now too lazy and just skate the parks and the ramp.
Most people are obese because they eat too much and exercise too little.
Most people are of the impression that working in a radio station is as they see it on television.
Most people are of the Sikh religion there last names are Singh.
Most people are often under time constraints.
Most people are old and oppress the younger generation that live here.
Most people are omnivores.
Most people are on a constant search for self-advancement.
Most people are on edge.
Most people are on medication and the disease is well controlled.
Most people are on one side or the other - direct angioplasty or thrombolytic drug therapy.
Most people are on one side or the other.
Most people are on the mend when they leave intensive care units.
Most people are on three-month contracts at work.
Most people are only able to stay focused on their goals for a few days at a time.
Most people are only aware of the conventional means of funding such as getting a loan from a bank.
Most people are only aware of the more common calls.
Most People are only concerned about reaching the top.
Most people are only concerned with how a muscle looks versus what it does.
Most people are only concerned with relative tuning.
Most people are only confused for a few seconds before the penny drops.
Most people are only familiar with the first stanza, which is reproduced below.
Most people are only half awake to their good.
Most people are only sick for a few days.
Most people are only too pleased to have links from other sites.
Most people are only too willing to help.
Most people are opposed to genetic engineering.
Most people are opposed to regulating the Internet.
Most people are other people.
Most people are out there for self-gratification.
Most people are out there just to be on the river, just to paddle.
Most people are out to get the most bang for their buck.
Most people are outraged when they discover that they have been victims of fraud.
Most people are outside when they are hit.
Most people are painfully aware of their failures.
Most people are particularly suspicious of the rote sales pitch.
Most people are passionate on what they prefer.
Most people are passive intellectually.
Most people are passive listeners.
Most people are passive when it comes to entertainment and barely interact with information.
Most people are patients at one point or another in their lives.
Most people are perfectly comfortable flying on planes.
Most people are perfectly honest.
Most people are perfectly well between attacks but a few develop mild, permanent muscle weakness.
Most people are pigs, using any means to get what they want.
Most people are pinheads.
Most people are placed within ten days, however the service lasts at least thirty days.
Most people are pleasantly surprised at how much cash can be raised in a single weekend.
Most people are pleasantly surprised at just how easy it is to create a webpage.
Most people are pleasantly surprised how much cash they can raise in a single weekend.
Most people are pleasantly surprised to find that they remain warm whilst underwater.
Most people are pleasantly surprised what can be achieved in less than perfect conditions.
Most people are pleasantly surprised.
Most people are pleased to find a gallery in such a location, Carmichael says.
Most people are pleased to find their names and dates linked to the family tree.
Most people are pleased to have someone in authority.
Most people are pleased to help.
Most people are pleased to talk about what they do.
Most people are pleased with what they see on our site.
Most people are pleased.
Most people are politically homeless now.
Most people are poor because they have been made poor.
Most people are poor.
Most people are prepared to discuss only their primary illness.
Most people are prepared to move, albeit grudgingly, if only they receive adequate compensation.
Most people are prescriptive in their expectations .
Most people are pretty cautious.
Most people are pretty creative, and given the proper outlet, they can express that.
Most people are pretty damn boring.
Most people are pretty hard-headed.
Most people are pretty honest, but a few are thieves.
Most people are pretty smart.
Most people are pretty smug about themselves, never really facing their bad points.
Most people are pretty sure that cell phone usage while driving is an increased risk.
Most people are pretty understanding.
Most people are pretty visually oriented.
Most people are primarily concerned about the purchase price of the puppy.
Most people are primarily interested in the social aspects of community living.
Most people are primarily visual learners.
Most people are private.
Most people are probably aware of a number of different types of maps through daily usage.
Most people are probably determined to destroy any they find on trees in their yard.
Most people are probably interested in infrastructure mode.
Most people are probably more familiar with a voice network.
Most people are probably no longer contagious after the first week of jaundice.
Most people are probably quite familiar with Monument Valley without realizing it.
Most people are programmers, very few people are program analysts, and system designers.
Most people are prone to either groveling or tyrannizing.
Most people are qualified by virtue of training in psychology, counselling, sociology, etc.
Most people are quite capable of doing a three day water fast.
Most people are quite comfortable expressing distances as a function of other distances.
Most people are quite friendly and look out for each other.
Most people are quite happy it's there.
Most people are quite happy to share when it comes time to thin out unwanted plants.
Most people are quite happy.
Most people are quite reasonable about an hour or two as long as they are contacted in advance.
Most people are quite sure their perceptions are correct.
Most people are quite surprised at how far off their estimates are.
Most people are quite surprised to find out just how broad the field of psychology really is.
Most people are quite surprised to see the relevance between the two martial disciplines.
Most people are quite wary of taking physical risks.
Most people are quite willing to be responsible for their pet's bad behavior.
Most people are quite young.
Most people are rather clear about who they are mad at.
Most people are readily aware of the imperative demand for a strong script.
Most people are ready to change when they reach their personal bottom in some area of their life.
Most people are ready to go home a couple of hours after their test.
Most people are ready to move on to an Experienced class after two semesters of Basic class.
Most people are ready.
Most people are real happy with the way the downtown has come back in recent years.
Most people are really easy-going and generous at swaps.
Most people are really foggy about what it means to know something.
Most people are really glad they come in.
Most people are really serious about racing and have regimented training schedules.
Most people are really surprised when they attend their first game.
Most people are really unaware of how it really originated.
Most people are reasonable when it comes to the census.
Most people are reasonable when presented with the facts.
Most people are reasonable, but when alcohol is involved, situations can often go awry.
Most people are reasonably nice and welcoming to tourists, especially English-speaking ones.
Most people are recreational shoppers or impulse buyers.
Most people are religious, so assume it is true.
Most people are reluctant to admit that they have an alcohol or other drug problem.
Most people are reluctant to admit that they have an alcohol problem.
Most people are reluctant to go on the record.
Most people are reluctant to litter in a clean place.
Most people are reluctant to pray because they have had no experience with prayer.
Most people are reluctant to stop such a good operation.
Most people are remarkably cooperative.
Most people are responsible when they drink.
Most people are right-handed and they tend to direct probing to the left side of the cloaca only.
Most people are right-handed.
Most people are risk and change averse.
Most people are risk averse.
Most people are risk-averse and want to become confident in a particular brand.
Most people are safe drivers, while a few are incapable of driving safely.
Most people are safe with children.
Most people are satisfied with one or two collections of favorite things.
Most people are satisfied with the pill and a few have been disappointed.
Most people are satisfied with the two mile round trip.
Most people are satisfied, which is good news for most incumbents.
Most people are scared of cancer.
Most people are scared of sitting down to write a budget and stick to it.
Most people are scared of the unknown.
Most people are scared to death of it.
Most people are scared to turn their life over to someone else.
Most people are scared when a horse rears up.
Most people are scared.
Most people are secretly or hopelessly in love with Snakes.
Most people are selective in their procrastination.
Most people are selfish when it comes to sharing their assets.
Most people are sensitive or allergic to phosphate.
Most people are sensitive to minor slights or hurts.
Most people are sensitive to the small spines on okra and often get a rash or itch.
Most people are sheep.
Most people are shocked and devastated, needing more time to fully comprehend the meaning of cancer.
Most people are shocked that they can lose their property and still owe taxes on the profit.
Most people are shocked to discover that prisons are big business.
Most people are shocked when they find out that the body heals by inflammation.
Most people are shocked when they hear that.
Most people are short and right.
Most people are short on time and want recreation that's close to home.
Most people are shy to be pioneers and leaders.
Most people are shy to participate at first.
Most people are sick about a week and then get well.
Most people are sick and tired with ideological issues.
Most people are sick of the whole thing.
Most people are silly and confuse extreme complexity with chaos.
Most people are simply amazed with the flowers that cacti produce each year.
Most people are simply too afraid of the government to even ask for assistance.
Most people are simply unaware of the adjective's existence as a legitimate word.
Most people are simply unaware of the dangers to themselves and the animals they get too close to.
Most people are simply unconscious thinkers.
Most people are skeptical at best.
Most people are skeptical of the new guy.
Most people are slaves of their mind and senses rather then their masters.
Most people are slaves to their supposed freedoms.
Most people are sleep-deprived.
MOST people are smart enough to see through even the most carefully woven sales pitch.
Most people are so busy nowadays, they have no time to wonder or reflect.
Most people are so busy that they have limited opportunities to meet other people.
Most people are so busy thesedays simply to work their arses off to be able to live.
Most people are so busy.
Most people are so far out of shape that it's too painful to get to a level where they feel good.
Most people are so happy to leave their jobs they'll enjoy anything, they'll think anything's funny.
Most people are so much more creative, interesting, and intelligent than they realize.
Most people are so pleased they stay on month after month.
Most people are so understanding and supportive.
Most people are so unskilled at it that sometimes it feels like taking candy from a baby.
Most people are social creatures who seek connections, whether online or in person.
Most people are social.
Most people are some combination of two or three of the Holland interest areas.
Most people are somewhat anxious about being able to talk in a group.
Most people are somewhat anxious about being able to talk in group.
Most people are somewhat apprehensive at first, but just hang in there.
Most people are somewhat bi-sexual, as are our closest animal cousins, the apes.
Most people are somewhat impressed.
Most people are somewhat rational and predictable.
Most people are somewhere in the middle.
Most people are somewhere in-between .
Most people are Spanish people.
Most people are specialists.
Most people are speedaholics.
Most people are squeamish about blood.
Most people are still at the entrance to the bar, all the way back up the aisle.
Most people are still at war with themselves and one another.
Most people are still concerned about core economic issues.
Most people are still in awe when they watch a dog working.
Most people are still in the passive TV watching mode.
Most people are still nowhere near returning to their homes.
MOST people are still stuck at the blame phase.
Most people are still too stunned and hypnotized by the immediate economic problems.
Most people are still wary of how and where they provide credit card and personal data.
Most people are still wary of paying extra surcharges for the convenience of doing business online.
Most people are straight.
Most people are stupid, follow the herd, i.e. hate microsoft.
Most people are stupid.
Most people are subsistence farmers only two generations away from a barter economy.
Most people are successful here, but also find it very stressfull.
Most people are successful if they believe they can achieve a goal.
Most people are successful in their everyday lives without using algebra.
Most people are suckers.
Most people are superstitious, yet it is detrimental to our well-being, ie.
Most people are supportive of prayer and acknowledging a higher power.
Most people are sure of one thing - their own taxes are too high.
Most people are sure of one thing their own taxes are too high.
Most people are surprised at first and then apologize.
Most people are surprised at how enjoyable our teamwork can be.
Most people are surprised at how heavy water is.
Most people are surprised at how little pain there is during the procedure.
Most people are surprised at how truly affordable it is.
Most people are surprised at how well their job matches what they see.
Most people are surprised at the shallow depth of tree roots.
Most people are surprised at the wealth of content stored here.
Most people are surprised that after many years of marriage their answers are off target.
Most people are surprised to find they sleep quite well during the study.
Most people are surprised to hear of the affordability of Berkeley sorority housing.
Most people are surprised to hear that fall planting is better than spring.
Most people are surprised to learn how common schizophrenia is.
Most people are surprised to learn how little cash it actually takes to buy a home.
Most people are surprised to learn that acupuncture needles are very thin.
Most people are surprised to learn that Antarctica is actually the world s driest desert.
Most people are surprised to learn that Antarctica is actually the world's driest desert.
Most people are surprised to learn that hummingbirds even have songs.
Most people are surprised to learn that it began as a military project.
Most people are surprised to learn that it still stands on ten acres just south of the airport.
Most people are surprised to learn that it's colorectal cancer.
Most people are surprised to learn that prairies are a native ecosystem to Ohio.
Most people are surprised to learn that private corporations use prison labor.
Most people are surprised to learn that scorpions are related to spiders and are arachnids.
Most people are surprised to learn that the front incisors of a rat never stop growing.
Most people are surprised to learn that there are hundreds of ways of turning rags into rugs.
Most people are surprised to learn that there are no longer cabooses on trains.
Most people are surprised to learn that they have developed the perfect random number generator .
Most people are surprised to learn that they have developed the perfect random number generator.
Most people are surprised to learn they can still have the full array of services with cremation.
Most people are surprised to read about abusive behaviors they never thought of as abusive.
Most people are surprised to remember all that has happened during the therapy.
Most people are surprised to see a goalie with a leg brace.
Most people are surprised to see the air exert enough pressure to crush a can.
Most people are surprised when they find out that Austin has a zoo.
Most people are surprised when they learn for the first time how big goldfish can get.
Most people are surprised when they see the changes in the cost of mobile service.
Most people are surprised, even shocked, when told how low the numbers are.
Most people are surprised.
Most people are sympathetic and understanding at a time of death, no matter what the cause of death.
Most people are sympathetic to that situation.
Most people are symptom free for months or even years between episodes of depression and mania.
Most people are terribly afraid of sex.
Most people are terribly deficient in terms of Essential Fatty Acids.
Most people are that have heard it.
Most people are the engineer, the sailer, the boat builder OR the steam enthusiast.
Most people are the most concerned about key public safety issues and the regional facilities.
Most people are their own worst enemies.
Most people are there at least a couple of months.
Most people are there to eat quickly and get back to work.
Most people are there to see the drivers.
Most people are tired and exhausted from a full day spent at work or school.
Most people are tired and have sore feet on the way down.
Most people are tired of overworking and want to slow down anyway.
Most people are to some degree obsessed by the energy of others.
Most people are too acidic and thus suffer from a major body imbalance.
Most people are too busy earning a living to make any money.
Most people are too busy to get anything done.
Most people are too busy to go out and meet new people.
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
Most people are too busy to monitor long distance services for the best rates available.
Most people are too busy to play accountant with their personal finances.
Most people are too busy to play accountant.
Most people are too busy working or resting from work to work on their mindgrowth potential.
Most people are too close to their monitor.
Most people are too concerned with sending their children to school.
Most people are too conservative with their choices.
Most people are too damned drunk to be working on papers today anyway.
Most people are too greedy.
Most people are too ignorant to responsibly cast a ballot.
Most people are too ignorat to read newspapers today.
Most people are too nervous to represent themselves well in court.
Most people are too normal to make it into a book.
Most people are too polite, anyway.
Most people are too rigid and afraid of change.
Most people are too risk-aversive to try it out.
Most people are too scared because there is nothing in it but a downside.
Most people are too smart for that.
Most People Are Too Stupid to Live.
Most people are too willing to generalize results obtained from small samples.
Most people are totally relaxed during surgery.
Most people are totally unaware of it.
Most people are trustworthy .
Most people are trustworthy most of the time, but few are trustworthy all the time.
Most people are truthful about what they earn.
Most people are TV people in the evening and radio people in the morning.
Most people are unable to coherently defend either viewpoint.
Most people are unable to free themselves from the past, or to rise above it.
Most people are unable to identify anyone who is perfect.
Most people are unable to predict the beginning of an upswing.
Most people are unaware of a problem until a rupture occurs.
Most people are unaware of a virus until a problem arises.
Most people are unaware of cookies because browsers' are configured to accept cookies by default.
Most people are unaware of first aid procedures to help someone who has a seizure.
Most people are unaware of how all-encompassing the study of dress can be.
Most people are unaware of how much their entire jewelry collection is worth.
Most people are unaware of how ragweed actually looks.
Most people are unaware of how they impact water quality.
Most people are unaware of how to diminish stress chemicals to prevent symptom appearance.
Most people are unaware of littering fines.
Most people are unaware of past corporate laws.
Most people are unaware of pesticide dangers.
Most people are unaware of the amount of activity they do each day.
Most people are unaware of the amount of water and other resources needed to provide a lawn.
Most people are unaware of the aneurysm until a rupture occurs.
Most people are unaware of the cost and inconvenience of replacing a bathtub.
Most people are unaware of the difference between service charges and gratuities.
Most people are unaware of the fact that they are entering another culture.
Most people are unaware of the facts.
Most people are unaware of the important applications that are based on electrostatic principles.
Most people are unaware of the large number of horses who are survivors of alien abduction.
Most people are unaware of the present condition of their mind.
Most people are unaware of the quantity of processed fats consumed on a daily basis.
Most people are unaware of the research showing the long term benefits of marriage.
Most people are unaware of the serious consequences of shaking a baby or young child.
Most people are unaware of the type of screen they are using.
Most people are unaware of the underlying factors of eating disorders.
Most people are unaware of their blind spot, although it is easy to demonstrate that it exists.
Most people are unaware of their own capabilities.
Most people are unaware of their physical dependence on nicotine until they try to quit.
Most people are unaware of what has happened in Russia really means.
Most people are unaware of what it's like in the rest of the world.
Most people are unaware of what their skill level is.
Most people are unaware that a third party is collecting information about their Web surfing habits.
Most people are unaware that glaucoma is a serious health concern.
Most people are unaware that it even has a blossom.
Most people are unaware that it is also a blue ribbon trout stream with native rainbows.
Most people are unaware that it took place.
Most people are unaware that performance and efficiency of the heating unit can degrade over time.
Most people are unaware that the water meter is located within a utility easement.
Most people are unaware that their business can compete on the web.
Most people are unaware that there are several types of seizures.
Most people are unaware that they can create significant and prosperous change in their lives.
Most people are unaware that they have taken a picture of a ghost until they develop the film.
Most people are unaware they have been infected until they return home from vacation.
Most people are unaware they have the disease until it leads to bone fractures or shrinking stature.
Most people are unaware they have the disease until they suffer a fracture.
Most people are uncertain about what they are doing when they first use a new computer application.
Most people are uncertain as to how serious a hiatus hernia is.
Most people are unclear about what it takes to become a flight attendant.
Most people are uncomfortable asking a trainer for proof of qualifications.
Most people are uncomfortable talking about salary, particularly when job hunting.
Most people are uncomfortable talking to friends and family about a business opportunity.
Most people are uncomfortable with change.
Most people are uncomfortable with death - and autopsies confront death in a very intimate way.
Most people are uncomfortable with death, and shun it.
Most people are uncomfortable with statistical terms and unfamiliar with probabilistic thinking.
Most people are uncomfortable with their emotions.
Most people are unconcious of their animal-image.
Most people are unconscious of the difference.
Most people are under the impression that it is a 'new' product.
Most people are under the impression that the wrecks are sitting there for the taking.
Most people are under the impression that wood is a static material like metal or stone.
Most people are under the misconception that reporters are meant to serve the public .
Most people are underinsured.
Most people are unemployed and go to school in order to start a career.
Most people are unfamiliar with chaos theory.
Most people are unfamiliar with hospital routines, so listed below are some guidelines.
Most people are unfamiliar with leveraged investments.
Most people are unfamiliar with our organization which happens to go back for generations.
Most people are unfamiliar with the expressly medical context in which the vibrator was invented.
Most people are unprepared for grief, since so often, tragedy strikes suddenly, without warning.
Most People Are Unprepared.
Most people are unrealistic.
Most people are unsure if what they are feeling is a cold or a flu.
Most people are unsure of what needs to be documented.
Most people are up for a good, professional challenge.
Most people are up really late doing homework.
Most people are upset at the thought of having worms.
Most people are upset when their ex's find someone new.
Most people are upside down on a loan.
Most people are usually a combination of types, but tend to lean more toward one area.
Most people are usually busy.
Most people are usually creatures of habit.
Most people are usually nervous on their first date.
Most people are usually on a schedule, and want to punctual.
Most people are usually sincere in their beliefs.
Most people are usually unaware of whether they have herpes.
Most people are vaguely aware that a new space station is being built 'up there'.
Most people are vaguely aware that some plants can be poisonous.
Most people are very accommodating, and are willing to help new players learn the ropes.
Most people are very afraid of death.
Most people are very aggressive about the truth.
Most people are very attached to the current bandwidth-based pricing.
Most people are very bad at mind-reading .
Most people are very bad at that.
Most people are very busy with their own classes and projects in teaching and research.
Most people are very cautious about buying things on the net.
Most people are very consistent in their lives.
Most people are very courteous in their driving behaviors.
Most people are very creative in finding reasons for guilt.
Most people are very disciplined about their dog's feeding, bathroom and walking schedules.
Most people are very eager to rack up the visitors to their site.
Most people are very emotional about money - so they are out of control.
Most people are very familiar with it if they work in the soil very much at all.
Most people are very fearful of government officials.
Most people are very generous about it.
Most people are very generous with their time.
Most people are very gullible.
Most people are very happy about the election results.
Most people are very happy to have links to their pages.
Most people are very happy to help.
Most people are very happy to see backpackers hitchhiking.
Most people are very happy with results of the treatment.
Most people are very helpful.
Most people are very hurt and angry, but also feel very diminished by the experience.
Most people are very ignorant on the subject of cancer.
Most people are very interested in learning about themselves.
Most people are very interested in science, but put off by the terminology.
Most people are very kind, and actually excited, when they hear someone is in labor.
Most people are very lazy about it.
Most people are very nice but making money is on most peoples minds all the time.
Most people are very nice.
Most people are very pessimistic.
Most people are very proprietary about their nicknames.
Most people are very reliant on it.
Most people are very reluctant to fill out survey forms.
Most people are very respectful and intelligent.
Most people are very satisfied with the results of their tear duct surgery.
Most people are very satisfied with their jobs.
Most people are very selfish.
Most people are very successful at covering up their problems.
Most people are very supportive and take a personal interest in the animal they brought in.
Most people are very supportive, particularly if they know what to do.
Most people are very surprised as to how silently an elephant can move through the bush.
Most people are very surprised at the amount of dirt that can build up at an abandoned site.
Most people are very surprised to learn that the definition of bottled water is just that.
Most people are very surprised to see.
Most people are very unclear and distracted.
Most people are very visual.
Most people are victims of their bad thinking.
Most people are vulnerable to spirit attachment on many occasions in the normal course of life.
Most people are weak and lazy.
Most people are weak.
Most people are well aware of the battles to rid our stores and cities of pornography.
Most people are well aware of the cardiovascular benefits of exercise, and they come as no surprise.
Most people are well aware of the flaws in our humanity.
Most people are well aware of their own vices and shortcomings, regardless of their anger.
Most people are well aware that over a million babies a year are killed in U.S. abortion clinics.
Most people are well enough to go back to work within a month of a transplant.
Most people are well intended.
Most people are well meaning, but ill-informed.
Most people are well-behaved, but there's always a few who get out of hand.
Most people are well-intentioned, trying to do the best they can with the resources they have.
Most people are wholly in favor of making non-filers pay.
Most people are whom they represent, but it is possible to misrepresent oneself.
Most people are willing to accept the consequences of their actions, of screwing up.
Most people are willing to admit they made a mistake and move on.
Most people are willing to be interviewed.
Most people are willing to be talked out of it if given the chance.
Most people are willing to buy or sell at market value .
Most people are willing to concede that on one occasion they made a mistake.
Most people are willing to do anything to get it.
Most people are willing to give up their organs and many sign donor cards saying so.
Most people are willing to hand it off to someone else.
Most people are willing to have faith that scientists know what they are doing.
Most people are willing to help someone they know for little or no fee.
Most people are willing to help when asked.
Most people are willing to interact for a short time.
Most people are willing to listen and offer advice when it's needed.
Most people are willing to pay a reasonable price.
Most people are willing to pay for an item what it is really worth.
Most people are willing to pay full price if they can get attractive terms.
Most people are willing to pay more to be amused than to be educated.
Most people are willing to sacrifice greatly for the thrill and pleasure of living in New York.
Most people are willing to share insider information.
Most people are willing to share their experience with others.
Most people are willing to spend a few minutes discussing their experience.
Most people are willing to talk about an oil lease.
Most people are window shopping.
Most people are without electricity.
Most people are woefully ignorant about what is even legal in the United States about abortion.
Most people are woefully ignorant as to the cause of the Civil War.
Most people are women.
Most people are wondered if carpet beetles can fly.
Most people are worried about a government run plan.
Most people are worried about at least one person who drinks and drives.
Most people are worried about genetics.
Most people are worried about their car starting in the morning.
Most people are worried about unfavorable results, particularly lumpiness.
Most people are worried today about their jobs, their families, their security, their future.
Most people are wretchedly poor.
Most people are wrong.
Most people are, because as they raise their hands, they raise one-point, too.
Most people are, however, at low risk of Listeria infection.
Most people are, in fact, ready.
Most people are, in fact, silica deficient.
Most people are, including ASPs themselves.
Most people are, one way or the other.
Most people are.
Most people aren t willing to do that.
Most people argue positions rather than interests.
Most people argue that nothing justifies the taking of someone's life.
Most people arrange for an estimate or quotation if they are moving with the next six months or so.
Most people arrive about ten minutes early to do on-deck stretching.
Most people arrive at the airport, although boats also serve the island.
Most people arrive at their basic ideas about fairness by ten years of age.
Most people arrive by automobile via an excellent interstate highway.
Most people arrive from search engines, reviewed pages or cross-links.
Most people arrive from work in business casual dress.
Most people arrive in Dubai when they come to the United Arab Emirates.
Most people arrive late.
Most people arrive the night before and get settled down at a local hotel.
Most people ascribe to one of two theories which explain the extinction of the dinosaurs.
Most people ask a family member or close friend to act as their executor.
Most people ask a family member or close friend to be their executor.
Most people ask a friend or relative to take their picture.
Most people ask for a discount.
Most people ask for happiness on condition.
Most people ask for input from three or four people who they've worked with over the past year.
Most people ask for something in particular.
Most people ask friends and co-workers to recommend a preparer.
Most people ask friends.
Most people ask how the seat is held or locked into an intermediate position.
Most people ask how to get ideas for their memory stories.
Most people ask if that is really appropriate.
Most people ask if they have to be here every weekend.
Most people ask just what plants are susceptible.
Most people ask questions as a means to seek information.
Most people ask the company to put their own names on the shoes.
Most people ask their breeder for sponsorship.
Most people ask their friends and family for money.
Most people ask their regular veterinarian to spay or neuter their pets.
Most people assess conditions.
Most people assist in procedures.
Real People are our greatest endorsement, and real world working performers our greatest endorsees.
Real people are proud alcoholics on Indian reservations.
Real people are quite accidental, the result of a random jumbling of genes and a chaotic life.
Real people are sometimes the seeds for characters, but they are never the templates.
Real people are the core of it.
Real people are the hardest workers for the revolution.
Real people are tired of devious lawyers twisting plain English so it no longer has meaning.
Real people are too complicated to be read like a book.
Real people are wise on some issues, determined to be wrong about others.
Real people ask and answer questions on a variety of topics.
Real people breathe anti-industry words all the time.
Real people bring a forgotten history to life through memory.
Real people buy high and sell low.
Real people can come and go, or they can come and stay.
Real people can lie and dissemble.
Real people can only become presentable after enduring large amounts of pain.
Real people create real businesses.
Real people deserve better.
Real people die of real diseases at any age.
Real people do real things.
Real People do things better.
Real people don t like being treated like characters in an economics textbook.
Real people eat real food.
Real People find the best and most current information on the Internet.
Real people find the sites.
Real people give serious advice on the consequences of drug abuse.
Real people have emotions and feel strongly about certain issues.
Real people have many different problems that cause depression.
Real people have minds, So a real person usually copes.
Real People have no fear.
Real people have real feelings.
Real people have spiritual, psychological, social, physical, and physiological dimensions.
Real people host our programs and they treat listeners with respect.
Real people interact in the live-action simulation just as in a real airport.
Real people live here.
Real people lose because of criminal hacking.
Real people make poor characters.
Real people make quilts that come in all skill levels, sizes, and shapes.
Real people make real changes.
Real people matter most in our view.
Real people offer their own opinions.
Real people offer their own reviews of the hottest spots too.
Real people respond better to the weird fun stuff.
Real People Rule the web .
Real people say some profound things.
Real people share their real experiences in an interview format.
Real people stay home to take care of their mothers instead of doing drugs.
Real people suffer from such government decisions.
Real people talk about real problems and solutions.
Real people talk about sexual experiences and fantasies they hide from their partners .
Real people talking with real people is about as good as it gets.
Real people tell their success stories and share their tips and suggestions for success.
Real people use a collection of tricks in conversation.
Real people use bad words.
Real people wear it.
Real people weep.
Real people write real documents.
All real people make mistakes.
Most real people are scared of computers.
Real persecution continues to happen.
Real persecution does exist in the world.
Real personality comes from the heart .
Real philosophy requires a child-like wonder and imaginative ideas.
Real philosophy seeks rather to solve than to deny.
Real phones have curves .
Real Phonies look like very good fake plants.
Real photos are best.
Real photos are much cooler during the talk than just during the intro.
Real photographs exhibit a continuous range of tones.
Real photographers carry big bags full of lenses and film and stuff.
Real photographers love to twist dials and poke buttons and fiddle with esoteric features.
Real photographers take pictures, create images, shoot photos, whatever.
Real photographers take pictures.
Real Photographers take pictures.
Real physics modeling also introduces many interesting issues into the game.
Real pirates have penguins on their shoulders.
Real plants can also help remove nitrate.
Real plants offer great advantages to an aquarium.
Real player is a streaming audio and video service for the internet.
Real player is built into most users browsers already.
Real player is needed.
Real player is required for viewing files.
Real player streaming video is also available.
Real Players are the easiest way to download video from the internet.
Real players deal with the elements and mosquitos, gnats, sand fleas and of course, sunburn.
Real pleasure is only in accordance with nature.
Real pleasure lies in letting things be wherever they are.
Real poetry comes from and expresses the common energy of the people.
Real point is whether the tool has integrity.
Real poker is a game of psychological insight and careful examinations of others.
Real police talk about real police events and issues.
Real policy is twisted in an enormous, wasted effort to sustain the myth.
Real polymaths are rare.
Real polyphony can become even more of a babble.
Real populations have unstable gene pools and migrating populations.
Real pornographers have better setups than that.
Real possibilities ignored are disappointments.
Real possibilities show up.
Real poverty is also evident in the rural areas.
Real poverty is bad for kids.
Real poverty is ugly.
Real power comes from being open, questioning, being susceptible to oneself and others.
Real power comes from giving power to others.
Real power comes from inner strength and one is content to allow others to be themselves.
Real power comes in a knowledge which leads beyond techniques of management to praise, based on awe.
Real power is brings life rather than death.
Real power is considered to be the work-producing component.
Real power is expressed in kilowatts.
Real power is in the hands of national parliaments and local prime ministers.
Real power is like electricity.
Real power is no longer the ability to manipulate or to control what appears to be external.
Real power lies in faith.
Real power lies in the boardrooms of big business.
Real power lies in the people.
Real power lies only with the people - any other form of power is illusory.
Real power lies with the representatives of the people.
Real power resides in the hands of a very few at the top - an oligarchy.
Real power resides in the hands of vast family-run enterprises called chaebols.
Real practice means standing in front of mirror, speaking aloud.
Real praise is sacrificial.
Real prayer comes from the heart, and it takes a few more seconds than that.
Real prayer creates an atmosphere Of sanctifying grace.
Real prayer has to start with real repentance.
Real prayer involves spiritual ardor.
Real prayer is a melody of thanksgiving and love.
Real prayer is costly.
Real prayer is life creating and life changing.
Real prayer is more being than doing.
Real prayer is simple.
Real prayer is work, and intercessory prayer is the most unselfish kind of work.
Real prayer needs no words, no gesture, no thoughts.
Every real prayer is the soul's response to that love in an act of self-surrender.
Real predictions are made before the fact.
Real Presence is big enough to embrace more.
Real presence is creed
Real Presence is kind of ordinary in comparison.
Real presence is religious doctrines.
Real prevention is our only hope in saving lives.
Real prevention occurs when help is obtained early, before a situation spirals out of control.
Real prices catch up eventually.
Real principals are the heartbeat of the school.
Real principals give their teachers business cards.
Real principals turn their schools into learning communities.
Real privacy is the product of worship.
Real privatization is as unthinkable for politicians as abdication, and for the same reason.
Real prizes are up for grabs.
Real Pros keep their language in check.
Real problem is to provide access to all the data for hundreds of users.
Real problem solving makes students really uncomfortable for a long time after they start doing it.
Real problems are so much more fun than made-up assignments.
Real problems can arise when life dilemmas and crises coincide with academic demands.
Real problems can be immense and extremely complex.
Real problems have real solutions.
Real problems have solutions.
Real problems remain in the health service, but real progress is being made too.
Real problems require real solutions.
Any real problem solving is performed on a calculator.
Most real problems have solutions.
Real processes are nearly always complex and variable over both time and space.
All real processes are nonadiabatic in the sense that some heat exchange always occurs.
All real processes go with an increase of entropy.
Real products are a long way off.
Real professionals tend to get thirsty whilst deejaying.
Real profit is cash left over after a respectable wage is provided.
Real progesterone is the one made from the plants.
All real programs contain errors unless proven otherwise, which is impossible.
Most real programs use a combination of data parallelism and task parallelism .
Most real programs use a combination of data parallelism and task parallelism.
Real programmes have to be attacked.
Real programmers are either libertarians or communists.
Real Programmers arrive at work in time for lunch.
Real programmers assemble by hand and toggle in on the front pannel.
Real Programmers can take the scissors off the phone cord.
Real programmers despise such petty restrictions.
Real programmers have no use for managers.
Real programmers have real problems making things work in large software projects.
Real programmers ignore schedules.
Real programmers know there is no silver bullet.
Real programmers know where to buy junk food at all hours.
Real programmers like to keep their manager in suspense.
Real programmers like to keep their managers in suspense.
Real programmers play video games.
Real programmers prefer LEDs.
Real programmers punch out their users.
Real programmers scorn floating point arithmetic.
Real programmers think better when playing adventure.
Real programmers think structured programming is a communist plot.
Real programmers use punched cards.
Real programmers use the heat given off by the cpu.
Real Programmers wear hiking boots only when it's much too cold to wear sandals.
REAL programmers write self-modifying code.
Real programmers write their own.
Real progress comes in incremental steps over long periods of time.
Real progress comes in the excellent pursuit of basics.
Real progress depends upon the integration of environmental and social goals with economic ones.
Real progress is related to the belief that it is possible.
Real progress is yet to come.
Real progress relates to the progress of the soul force for which moral laws are essential.
Real progress relates to the progress of the soul force.
Real progress requires regular practice.
Any real progress is the result of the talents, ideas and energies of many people.
Real projects have real effects.
Any real proof is clearly impossible.
A real property is a property
Real properties are properties.
Real property can be any stationary permanent physical support on which the tank is resting.
Real property consists of land and anything that has been permanently attached to it.
Real property consists of land and certain kinds of interests in land.
Real property consists of land and items that are permanently attached to the land.
Real property consists of land, buildings and other improvements.
Real property consists of land, buildings, and natural resources such as water, oil, or minerals.
Real property consists of land, buildings, improvements, and permanent fixtures on such property.
Real property consists of land, buildings, structures and improvements.
Real property consists of land, non-structural improvements to land and buildings.
Real property constitutes sites and buildings connected with the ground by firm foundations.
Real property donated is sold as soon as possible.
Real property encompasses rights with respect to land .
Real property includes all gifts of real estate.
Real property includes assets of a fixed nature such as buildings and land.
Real property includes both land and buildings.
Real property includes land and all buildings, structures, and improvements to the land.
Real property includes land and any buildings attached to it.
Real property includes land and improvements located on the land.
Real property includes land and improvements that are attached to the land.
Real property includes land and improvements that are permanently attached to the land.
Real property includes land and improvements.
Real property includes land, buildings and structures on the land.
Real property includes land, buildings, fixtures, mineral rights, and other components.
Real property includes lands, tenements and hereditaments.
Real property includes private residences, offices, theaters, public buildings and factories.
Real property includes structures erected on the land, such as a house, fence or garage.
Real property includes structures erected on the land, such as a house, fence, or garage.
Real property is a term used in the law in distinction to personal property.
Real property is all tangible real estate that is fixed, immovable property.
Real property is anything that is attached to the home.
Real property is appraised and assessed by county assessors at market value.
Real property is assessed during a reassessment period with new buildings being added yearly.
Real property is assessed to the record owner.
Real property is coextensive with lands, tenements and hereditaments.
Real property is comprised of residential, commercial, and manufacturing property.
Real property is considered like kind with any other real property.
Real property is corporeal, or incorporeal.
Real property is covered under other flood policy options.
Real property is defined as land and any permanent structures attached to it.
Real property is defined as land and buildings.
Real property is defined as land any any permanent structures attached to it.
Real property is essentially land and all the things that are attached to it.
Real property is generally land and all things attached to it.
Real property is immovable.
Real property is land and anything attached to the land.
Real property is land and anything that is attached to it.
Real property is land and buildings.
Real property is land and generally anything built on land, growing on land, or attached to land.
Real property is land and the attachments to the land, such as buildings.
Real property is land and whatever is erected, growing on, or affixed to the land.
Real property is land or real estate.
Real property is land plus all buildings and fixtures that are permanently attached to the land.
Real property is land together with any improvements attached thereto.
Real property is land together with whatever is erected on it or affixed to it.
Real property is land.
Real property is property which is attached such as land and buildings.
Real property is real estate only.
Real property is real estate that the government no longer needs.
Real property is real estate, and personal property is everything else.
Real property is real estate.
Real property is reappraised at periodic intervals of from four to six years.
Real property is reappraised by the assessor's office every odd numbered year.
Real property is revalued every two years.
Real property is simply real estate a home, farm, or other land.
Real property is sold onsite and sales are confirmed in court.
Real property is subject to a lien or security mortgage.
Real property is taxed at the local level.
Real property is the land and all improvements permanently affixed to the land.
Real property is valued every two years.
Real property makes up two-thirds of Arkansas' property tax base.
Real property means land, buildings, improvements, and permanent fixtures thereon.
Real property means property that is fixed or immobile such as land and buildings.
All real property is assessed based on fair market value.
All real property is subject to taxation unless it is specifically exempt.
Most real property is assessed by local government.
Real prospects ask real questions.
Real protocols distinguish between shared and clean data in exactly one cache.
Real Psychiatrists believe that sedation is the best policy.
Real pubs sell beer that is brewed.
Real publishers make money for their clients.
Real purposes are people related.
Real pursuit does, however exhibit some relevant non-linearities.
Real quality can stand up to a close inspection.
Real quality is a customer-determined attribute.
Some real questions arise.
Real rabbits require as much care as a cat or dog and the house has to be bunny-proofed.
Real racers are smart enough to slow down to avoid accidents.
Real racists are people who look after their race.
Real radios glow in the dark .
Real radios glow in the dark.
Real raves are in little clubs.
Real rape is a serious crime and the penalty is many years in prison.
Real rates are still too high.
Real Rates Find out the latest PM consulting rates and salaries.
Real rates remain high owing to nagging inflationary trends.
Real recovery implies real reform.
Real reform believes that the poor are changeable, and that the children of the poor are educable.
Real reform can only happen when public support prevails.
Real reform demands real change.
Real reform encourages concerned citizens to run for public office.
Real reform happens one small step at a time.
Real reform is a long-term proposition .
Real reform is even less likely.
Real reform is needed.
Real reform is the only way out.
Real reform requires an enduring majority, a majority broadly-based and stable over time.
Real reform requires more than a single shot from the media.
Real reform starts by giving schools and school districts more authority and flexibility.
Real reggae is roots, and the rest of what is coming out is branches.
Real regulation faces all of the problems of ideal regulation, plus the incentive problem.
Real relationships are intense, joyful, frustrating, enriching, and rewarding.
Real relationships require responsibility.
Most real relationships are involuntary.
Real religion begins when the intellect stops working.
Real religion is beyond argument.
Real religion is taken as irreligion, and irreligion is taken to be religion.
Every real religion establishes itself around an enlightened master.
Real research is also something that people in the humanities do.
Real research is needed.
Real research requires reel film.
Real researchers take risks.
Real resistance begins now.
Real resistors look nothing like the zig-zag symbol.
Real resolutions are typically of order of a few arcseconds.
Real resources exist to help.
Real rest is sacred.
Real results require a commitment of time and participation by the whole faculty.
Real returns take on greater meaning for long-term investors.
Real revival brings men and women a love for the truth.
Real revival lasts more than a week.
Real revival restores an individual and a church to spiritual health and well-being.
Real ribs are spare ribs.
Real rights are equal for everyone.
Real rights are restrictions on government action.
Real rights are under attack.
Real risks entail the possibility of mistakes and failure.
Real roads curve.
Real robots are much more mundane, but they are becoming increasingly useful in industry.
Real rock is often lower-angled and much more subtle.
Real rockers use beer.
Real rockets work kind of the same way.
Real safety does start with each and every individual working in our buildings.
Real sailors shun motors.
Real salaries shrink as citizens of good breeding plan a more profound engagement with rehearsals.
Real sales leads for machinery and equipment.
Real salt is a product made from fossilized unheated, untreated mineral salts from Utah.
Real satisfaction comes from successful building at one's own strength.
Real satisfaction Comes through suspense and precedes The anticlimactic end of the pursuit.
Real scalars commute with any quaternion and are their own conjugates.
Real scarcity can also exist by over use of non-renewable resources.
Real science attempts to derive laws that can explain observed phenomena.
Real science challenges dogmatism.
Real science combined with real training produces unreal results.
Real science is a collaborative social experience.
Real science is done at the frontiers of both personal and collective knowledge.
Real science is largely problem-solving.
Real science is more modest.
Real science is more wonderful than made up.
Real science is redeemed by truth.
Real science is typically complicated, sometimes remote, occasionally esoteric.
Real science works a little at a time and the number of scientists on our side is few.
Real science works the same way, too.
Real scientists are busy researching the TRUE causes of the tides.
Real scientists are cautious.
Real scientists correct the cult's errors.
Real scientists do that.
Real scientists make careful measurements in well-controlled studies.
Real scientists tend to use understatement.
Real scientists understand the limitations of general knowledge.
Real seawater contains masses of invisible planktonic life.
Real security comes from a connection to that which is truly secure the spirit.
Real security comes from burgeoning opportunities and rising living standards.
Real security comes from freedom.
Real security comes from knowing our worth and acting in accord with our spirit.
Real security comes from ownership.
Real security demands real friendship, global marriage.
Real security is hard work.
Real security is harder, slower, and more expensive, both to design and to implement.
Real security is in the people who are trained, have common sense, and are committed to excellence.
Real security is more difficult than it sounds.
Real sensations are to be abolished with the suggestion of the hypnotist.
Real separations are rather easy to determine.
Real servants are more concerned about ministry than money.
Real servants get dirty every day.
Real servers are on public network which yields higher performance, but lower security.
Real servers are various physical platforms that deliver actual services and applications.
Real service has a high value.
Real service is selflessness, honesty, courage, transparency, compassion.
Real sets require real storage space, but virtual sets live happily in a hard drive.
Real settings are used as much as possible throughout the film.
Real sex involves love, commitment, respect and sincerity.
Real Sex is just that, what people really do behind closed doors from swingers to dominatrixes.
Real shadows have two parts, the umbra and penumbra.
Real sharing is a grown-up behavior.
Real shells disintegrate and can create huge bubbles due to off-gassing.
Real shooting requires it for true accuracy.
Real shops equal real service.
Real shopping is most people s favourite hobby.
Real shoulders slope, from the crook of the neck to the end of the shoulder.
Many real signals are complicated and barely comprehensible.
Real silver is real.
Real sincerity plays out in action.
Real sisterhood exists in our bond.
Real site build and quality implementation experience.
Real situations are far more complex than the simple explanation above.
Real situations are fraught with anomalies.
Real situations are the most vital cases.
Real situations require skills.
Most real situations require skills.
Some real situations involve facts.
Real size is shown above.
Real skates have very stiff construction.
Real skiers are prepared.
Real smiles are also shorter and smoother in execution than anxious or faked varieties.
Real snakes are horrid.
Real snapshots appear on the new film packages.
Real snow is different.
Real soap has natural oil in it and thus, while cleaning, replenishes the natural oil of our skin.
Real socialism comes from below, through mass participation.
Real soda waters in a real machine.
Real soldiers despise REMFs.
Every real soldier knows that.
Real solution lies in correcting environmental conditions to avoid wet foliage.
Real solution workbooks.
Real solutions are truly long-term solutions.
Real solutions begin with understanding and are often simple.
Real solutions behave ideally only when they are very dilute.
Real solutions can only grow out of the local communities themselves.
Real solutions come from within.
Real solutions prevent recurrent problems.
Real solutions require a slight risk, a small push.
Real sound happens in a full scale ambiance, that's why it sounds real.
Real sound is quite as capable of disappearing as countries, currencies and races.
Real sounds are more convincing than synthesized ones.
Real sounds are really complex.
Real space can be a powerful mnemonic device for remembering where things are.
Real spam is generally e-mail advertising for some product sent to a mailing list or newsgroup .
Real spam is generally e-mail advertising for some product sent to a mailing list or newsgroup.
Real spar means a natural resin oil varnish.
Real spirit is reflected in that.
Real spirituality has non-violence as an integral part of it.
Real spirituality is beyond hope.
Real spirituality is life illuminated by a compelling search for wholeness.
Real spirituality is life illuminated by a compelling. search for wholeness.
Real spies are cool and collected.
Real stability comes with the removal of government control over money.
Real stairs require full body balance, an important element of many winter sports.
Real stars don t worry about breaking stuff.
Real stars like to show their mettle.
Real stones are colder by nature than plastic.
Real stories can be either fiction or nonfiction.
Real stories have an emotional impact which can be particularly powerful in changing public opinion.
Real stories show actions.
Real stories show effective actions.
Real stories take time.
Real stories work their way to an ending, and then they end.
Any real story is buried by awkward performances and contrived situations.
Most real stories show actions.
Most real stories show effective actions.
Real strength appears only when the body and the spirit are one.
Real strength comes from within.
Real strength has to do with our ability to listen, and with our ability to heal.
Real strength lies in knowledge.
Real struggles are the motor force of change.
Real stucco is a masonry surface that is porous, which demands a topcoat to avoid absorbing water.
Real students talk about their career aspirations.
Real study entails more than thumbing through a textbook or gaping at a manual.
Real study requires independent work with the primary sources.
Many real studies are too complicated to use in an introductory course.
Real stuff flows from seller to buyer.
Real stuff is authenticity
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
Real style is best when understated.
Real success stories show actions.
Real success stories show effective actions.
Real success begins with effective corporate and brand positioning.
Real success depends on the whole corporate culture.
Real success goes hand in hand with love, joy, and happiness.
Real success has to be developed.
Real success is long term.
Real success requires planning, strategic positioning and most of all patience.
Real success takes much more than just proper submission to search engines.
Real success takes time.
Real sunlight casts pretty sharp shadows, but each object only casts one shadow.
Real support is based on knowledge, understanding and commitment.
Real support is provided.
Real surfaces use all other colors.
Most real surfaces are a mix between a specular and lambertian surface .
Real surfers conduct multiple searches on different criteria most of the time.
Real suspense is the undetermined outcome that keeps the reader turning the pages.
Real swingers are private people who expect privacy.
Real swords are suprisingly light, usually weighing three pounds or less.
Real systems are compositions of CPUs, peripheral devices, memory, and software.
Real systems can be very complex.
Real systems have many different surface active agents present.
All real systems suffer from the effects of random noise .
Most real systems exhibit heteroscedastic noise when viewed over a large factor domain.
Real talent is brilliance of a different sort.
Real talent is hard to fake.
REAL Talk is cheap.
All real tea contains caffeine unless the tea has been artificially decaffeinated.
All real tea has caffeine.
Real teachers are solely responsible for the destruction of the rain forest.
Real teachers are the stars, helping kids with maths and other subjects.
Real teachers can predict exactly which parents show up at open house.
Real teachers can t walk past a crowd of kids without straightening up the line.
Real teachers clutch a pencil while thinking and make notes in the margins of books.
Real teachers drive older cars owned by credit unions.
Real teachers have the assistant principals' and counselors' home phone numbers.
Real teachers have the best conferences in the parking lot.
Real teachers have their best conferences in the parking lot.
Real teachers know it is better to seek forgiveness than ask permission.
Real teachers know it is better to seek forgiveness than to ask for permission.
Real teachers know it is better to seek forgiveness than to ask permission.
Real teachers know secretaries and custodians run the school.
Real teachers know that sixth graders get hormones from Santa at Christmas.
Real teachers know that the best end of semester lesson plans come from Blockbuster.
Real teachers know the best end of semester lesson plans can come from Blockbuster.
Real teachers know the best end of the semester lesson plans can come from Blockbuster.
Real teachers know the custodian and secretary run the school.
Real teachers know the shortest distance and length of travel time to the front office.
Real teachers know the value of a good education and are appalled upon seeing their paychecks.
Real Teachers memorize the names of each new wave of rock stars.
Real teachers volunteer for hall duty on days faculty meetings are scheduled.
Real teachers wear glasses from trying to read the fine print in the teacher's manual.
Real teaching becomes a subversive activity.
Real teaching is real work.
Real teaching knows what binds students' jeans, year after year, to the chairs in class.
Real teaching knows what binds student's jeans, year after year, to the chairs in class.
Real teams are a basic unit of performance.
Real teams demand hard-nosed application of certain principles.
Real teams emerge out of the process of self-organization.
Real teams fight to make their point, yet they still have respect for each other.
Real teams require cross-department collaboration to arrive at solutions.
Real teams share roles and responsibilities.
Real teams take risks involving conflict, trust, interdependence and hard work.
Real techno is close to the original rebellion of rock'n'roll and punk rock.
Real teens chat with each other about boys and school and celebrities.
Real teens talk about real life.
Real teenagers express their opinion about the fictional scenarios presented.
Real tenderness needs a heart of truth.
Real terrains are more complex than that.
Real terror begins on the page.
Real terror is drawn from the expectations people have.
Real tests have a strict time limit and the stress is far greater.
Real testing shows that there is no performance difference.
Real theology is always rather shocking to people who already think they know what they think.
Real therapy is boring.
Real therapy is provided between animals and people.
Real thievery is prevented by a watchperson and building a very discreet site.
A real thing is authenticity
Real things are good.
Real things are limited.
Real things are originals while electronic things are just representations.
Real things are the writer's toys, True life's full of naughty boys.
Real things happen.
Real things take real stuff, like time, materials.
Real thrift deals with little things and can be practiced by any one.
Real thrift means making the most of time, money, food and self.
Real thrill starts at the airport.
Real time begins.
Real time captioning is provided by an individual, much like a court stenographer.
Real time captioning is very expensive.
Real time chat in class.
Real time chat on-line for human interaction customer support.
Real time chat with advice and discussions in virology.
Real time chat with Giant fans.
Real time chat with lady.
Real time chat with other members.
Real time chat with parents who are currently logged on.
Real time checking on banner showings is also available.
Real time classes on a message board forum, by factory reps.
Real time constitutes a continuous steam of time sensitive data across a network.
Real Time Describes an event that takes place over the internet as if it was in real life.
Real time follow up of project activities and milestones.
Real time help files.
Real time is a period
Real time is a precious thing, and spending a little bit of it goes a long way sometimes.
Real time is available in several flavors.
Real time is available with a subscription.
Real time is desired.
Real time is elapsed, wall clock time.
Real time is ephemeral.
Real time is in.
Real time is just like having a highly accurate normal receiver.
Real time is modeled as a discrete quantity using clocks and time variables.
Real time is now , the present .
Real time is simple.
Real time is speeded up, slowed down and processed to synthesize a dynamic, disorienting landscape.
Real time is such that two moments of it never coexist.
Real time is the characteristic of handling big data.
Real time is therefore one of the few areas into which unix has made almost no inroads.
Real time is time periods.
Real time live chat.
Real time means that one second of video takes one second to send across the Internet.
Real time modeling update is excellent.
Real time plotting to a portable dot-matrix, ink jet or thermal printer occurs simultaneously.
Real time quotes available on web site.
Real time quotes available without connection to the Internet.
Real time quotes with no additional fees.
Real time quotes with paid subscription.
Real time Refers to applications which perform tasks without delay.
Real time refers to the time it actually took the computer to return the answer to the screen.
Real time rendering allows users to work in full color and move beyond wireframes.
Real time replaces calendar time.
Real time reports.
Real time results posting and pictures from the races.
Real time reviews, so to speak.
Real time saves money.
Real time shows up in probability theory and statistical physics.
Real time sign up statistics.
Real time stats tracking plus a one year cookie.
Real time updates on how trains are running minute by minute.
Real time updates plus chat rooms.
Real time updates to system libraries.
Real tokens look just other tokens of the same period and can look brand new.
Real tolerance is the half-way point between agreement and disagreement.
Real teeth have natural fluorescence.
Real torchbearers run uphill with the same grace and style that they bring to gliding downhill.
Real tours are often impossible because of time, distance, or cost.
Every real tower is impractical.
Real trading is more of an ongoing process than paper trading.
Real traffic is something that builds up gradually over time.
Real trains don t live here any more.
Real training is a two-way street.
Real transformation is a private event.
Real transformation is more than physical.
Real translation requires intellectual liberty.
Real travel can be one of the richest parts of a person's life.
Real travel is, rather, adventure.
Real treason is an act most foul.
Real treasure is without price.
Real treatment is to prevent disease from happening in the first place.
Real trees are a holiday tradition.
Real trees are a renewable resource.
Real trees are a renewable, recyclable resource.
Real trees are recyclable.
Real trees have character.
Real trends are almost never in straight lines.
Real trials revolve around facts.
Real trucks are hard working and have character.
Real trucks have manual transmissions and windows with a handle crank.
Real truffles are roundish, brown, and dirty when they come out of the ground.
Real trust is based on an intimate knowledge of the one trusted.
Real trust is developed by inclusion in design planning and decision-making.
Real truth has to be discovered in the present.
Real truth hurts.
Real TV loves that stuff.
Real ugliness is just as rare as real beauty.
Real unanimity is based on unity of hearts.
Real understanding brings about practice.
Real understanding can only develop fully with years of in- timacy.
Real understanding comes slowly.
Real understanding involves being able to explain so that anyone can get it.
Real understanding is a growth process that begins with the root of the problem.
Real understanding is the child of knowledge and being.
Real understanding means being actively involved and contributing.
Real unemployment is even higher.
Real unemployment is somewhat below three million.
Real updates start now.
Real upsets happen.
Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts down the system for days.
Real users reveal the pros and cons of their handheld of choice.
Real users review the good and bad points of their pens.
Real users tend to have many more than shown here.
Real users use the medium to get things done.
Real utility restores an ancient form to contemporary life.
Real value is more than hype, more than the mere appearance of value.
Real values are to be found in both the criminal and civil justice systems.
Real vampires are a controversial topic.
Real vampires are notorious for their superhuman dexterity and strength.
Most real vampires look like everybody else.
Real vanilla beans add flavor.
Real vanilla is smooth, robust, and absolutely perfect.
REAL variables can be multi-dimensional.
Real vase is more slender.
Real version is said to be a lot better than demo version.
Real versions are password protected.
Real victory goes far beyond behavior and performance.
Real vigor requires the continuing infusion of diverse ideas.
Real villains are always more fun than villains who are thinly masked as cops.
Real violence appears in ''Love Hurts,'' a lurid tale of jealousy and murder.
Real violence is done to real people.
Real virtue is often critical and intolerant of others' deficiencies.
Real viruses are bad enough.
Real viruses are generally more annoying than harmful.
Real viruses are incredibly colorful, although potentially devastating pieces of code.
Real vision calls for acting now to preserve our long-term future.
Real vision is necessary, and that is the main thing.
Real visions come by prolonged and steady spiritual advancement.
Real visionaries listen and respond.
Real voices are honest, open, natural, uncontrived.
Real votes are anathema to liberals.
Real wage is the nominal wage divided by the consumer price index.
Real wage is the wage in constant dollars, adjusted for price level.
Real wages appear to have stagnated for the last two decades.
Real wages are the best indicator of workers living standards.
Real wages are up, as is productivity and consumer spending.
Real wages are up.
Real wages CAN fall to the subsistence level even though employers compete.
Real wages can go up, but employment goes down.
Real wages depend on the price level, as well as on the nominal or money wages.
Real wages fall more in non-gold.
Real wages is, in the context of taxation, the wages after tax deductions.
Real wages remain far below their pre-crisis level in Mexico.
Real wages rise in both sectors.
Real wages stagnate while executive compensation increases exponentially.
Real War is a realistic, modern military real-time strategy based on actual military simulators.
Real War is all about real war, plain and simple.
Real warnings give names to contact and sources.
Real warriors don t read books.
Real wasabi is one of the rarest and most difficult vegetables in the world to grow.
Real watermelon has seeds.
Real wealth is Spiritual wealth.
All real wealth has a legal foundation to secure it and protect it when times get rough.
Real weapons handle one way and special training weapons another.
Real webmasters take care of their own.
Real wind is better than wind tunnels.
Real Windows tuning picks up where TweakUI leaves off.
Real winners are different.
Real winners give their best effort.
Real winners know how to deal with losses and wins.
Real winners make every day New Year's Day.
Real winners set their own standards, instead of focusing on the competition.
Real winter sets in.
Real Witches are real people.
Real witches are the most dangerous of all living creatures on earth.
Real witches call upon spirits to help bring health and peace to the world.
Real witchcraft is done by Satanic cults and sometimes by indivdual witches.
Real witness is what counts.
Real woman have lots of meat on their bones.
Real Woman Provides fashion,job,astrology,marriage and health information for wonmen.
Real women applaud.
Real women are bad at math.
Real women are funny and hardworking and they look all different ways.
Real women are happy for the blessings that are bestowed upon their sisters.
Real women are in college, into their careers, or on their jobs working hard.
Real women can rodeo.
Real women discuss coping with ovarian cysts, symptoms, and treatments.
Real women don t have hot flushes.
Real women don t play pro basketball.
Real women go without.
Real women have real needs, hopes and dreams.
Real women have real orgasms.
Real women love beyond reason.
Real women share their stories, which are followed by comments from experts.
Real women stay at home with their children.
Real women tell their stories .
Real Women Write about Growing into Motherhood .
Real Wonder has no fear and fears nothing.
Real wood is available in a variety of species and stains such as maple, oak or cherry.
Real wood is used throughout including knobs and marker plates.
Real words are words that mean only one thing.
Real words come packed with real meaning.
Real work brings real satisfaction.
Real work is still the best place to learn.
Real work provides the individual with the vehicle for a productive and virtuous life.
Real workshops require participation.
A real world is a world
Real world drugstores like Walgreens make most of their profit in health and beauty aids.
Real world experiences in which to apply learned knowledge.
Real world is restricted by many physical realities like gravity, mass, distance etc.
Real world is war of witches and princely pythons.
Real world means the code deals with errors.
Real world phenomena as, e.g., food chains, can be modeled by the concept of a dynamical system.
Real world phenomena, such as heat and pressure, are analog.
Real world resumes.
Real world sounds, spoken text, synth sounds, ambiences, sounds for graphics and more.
Real world writing and reading is used daily by students.
Real worlds are television shows.
Real worlds are worlds.
Real worship is where lives are wrapped up in one another.
Real worth can never speak so highly of itself as can conceited and unreasoning vanity.
Real writers are confident.
Real writers sit, ponder a moment, and write genius.
Real writers write every day.
Real writing can occur in stories, poems, letters, etc.
Real writing happens in the heart.
Real writing is about ideas.
REAL helps create jobs and businesses around the United States.
REAL intends to return lawyers to the centre of clients' thinking when it comes to personal advice.
Real is a complex number
REAL is also a specific name for a function that returns the real part of a complex number.
Real is coin.
Real is companies.
REAL is effective because it is work-related learning experiences.
REAL is flexible.
REAL is FTP'able from ucbarpa.berkeley.edu.
REAL is optimal for non-pipelined designs with no conditional branches.
Real is subsidiaries.
REAL maintains models for several regions including all the Midwestern states.
REAL provides a forum through which the voice of business can be heard in local government offices.
REAL provides the university with a presence in the business world nationally and internationally.
REAL trains both teachers and students, from kindergarten through high school.
REAL works with public schools and community colleges in the state to offer entrepreneur training.
REALs have an exponential form.
Realisation is a matter of becoming conscious of that which is already realised.
Realisation is a sale
Realisation is an awkward affair.
Realisation is mind and confusion is mind.
Realisation isa music.
Realisation sets in.
Realism appears to be in fashion.
Realism argues for a more decentralised strategy.
Realism begins with an honest assessment of the situation on the ground.
Realism can actually help in many circumstances to achieve peak performance in games.
Realism can also reduce anxiety.
Realism can be a strength as a student, especially in dealing with business-like situations.
Realism can be fun, too.
Realism can break a writer's heart.
Realism can often be another term for opportunism.
Realism carries a pricetag many gamers pay in tedium.
Realism consists in starting from the world as it is and modeling action according to that reality.
Realism corresponds to the traditional view of science that links reality directly to observation.
Realism debates whirl around what levels of realistic detail are needed and affordable.
Realism demands it.
Realism demands pessimism.
Realism exists in all games.
Realism finds that bilateralism facilitates domination by the most powerful.
Realism gives way over to the less time consuming stylization.
Realism guides the proceedings as the candidates are required to follow election regulations.
Realism here means to generate images on a computer which are indistinguishable from real photos.
Realism here resides in the homogeneity of space.
Realism implies narrative and narrative requires linear thinking.
Realism informs our approach.
Realism is a bit easier in photography.
Realism is a good thing.
Realism is a representation of what the world seems to be in the eyes of the artist at that time.
Realism is a subjective metric.
Realism is a tool to use for making the game fun.
Realism is a very different thing than honest writing.
Realism is a very good vehicle.
Realism is about recreating life in literature.
Realism is added by making thorns for the bush from copper foil.
Realism is alive and well.
Realism is also important when formulating a vision.
Realism is also in the nature of the beast.
Realism is an important aspect in the works of the three artists represented here.
Realism is an important concept in fine art , drama and literature .
Realism is an important factor to homeschool menu making.
Realism is an important part of negotiation.
Realism is art seen as is.
Realism is at best subjective.
Realism is bypassed to get to playability.
Realism is critical.
Realism is enhanced with all the props necessary to replicate the patient care environment.
Realism is great, but let's face it, so is arcade blasting action.
Realism is important and a great number of clues is unnecessary.
Realism is important in qualification flight training.
Realism is important to a marriage.
Realism is increasingly important in categories such as dolls, model trains and action figures.
Realism is key.
Realism is limited only to certain characters.
Realism is most manifest in the form of sculpture.
Realism is on the left, abstract is in the middle and nonobjective is on the right.
Realism is only cool until it becomes no fun.
Realism is our goal.
Realism is paramount in the creation of each specimen.
Realism is pessimism, and it causes great, unnecessary suffering in businesses.
Realism is poor in just about every respect.
Realism is practicality
Realism is practicality.
Realism is present in many ways.
Realism is relative.
Realism is so rare that the style that developed there is truly unique.
Realism is the camera's realm and boundary.
Realism is the dramatic mode at which American playwrights have thus far excelled.
Realism is the goal.
Realism is the key to making any gaming experience more believable and engrossing.
Realism is the key.
Realism is the kind of fiction that confines itself to the type of normal life.
Realism is the only literary mode capable of representing the totality of society.
Realism is the removal of possibility in light of accepted practice.
Realism is the second oldest school of philosophy.
Realism is the standard of modern art.
Realism is the view that the world exists apart from our perception of it.
Realism is too full of telephone poles with sagging wires and overflowing dumpsters.
Realism is true to what is seen.
Realism is used as well as dream-like symbolism.
Realism is very good, and often excellent.
Realism is very much alive and well today.
Realism is what made American theater great.
Realism is what people are used to now.
Realism is, in a sense, the natural or pre-philosophical point of view.
Realism is, indeed, a very flexible doctrine.
Realism lives with rocks.
Realism looks at life with objectivity.
Realism meets Action in a serious way.
Realism places great stress upon the significance of military power in shaping the world.
Realism rejects imaginative idealization in favour of a close observation of outward appearances.
Realism seems to be the key word.
Realism seems to be the most obvious breakthrough with regards to Greek sculpture.
Realism sets in.
Realism takes it easy on our brains by making things obvious.
Realism tends to make for a much more strategic game, versus a fast-paced one.
Realism tends towards collectivism, nominalism to individualism.
Realism using social criticism is a good way of diminishing stereotypes in the classroom.
Realism vanishes into the background, while elaborate musical production numbers occur.
Realism varies between approaches.
All realism is sacrificed for the gratification of the writer's thinly disguised main character.
Any realism is therefore just a power play.
Realist philosophy figures out how to do that, and passes judgment on the results of science.
Realist philosophy has two roles.
A realist is a philosopher
Realists are concerned with the effect of the work on their reader and the reader's life.
Realists are painters.
Realists are people.
Realists are philosophers.
Realists argue that they do.
Realists believe that anarchy necessitates self-help.
Realists contend that such institutions are epiphenomenal to underlying power relationships.
Realists emphasize continuity and stability, and wish to manage the change that does occur.
Realists eschew such fantasies.
Realists face the world as it is.
Realists favor the sciences.
Realists get followers to do what the leader has outlined.
Realists grab one horn of the trilemma, antirealists grab one of the others.
Realists hold that there are universal properties, understood as mind-independent entities.
Realists hold that unobservable entities are like that between changes in scientific theories.
Realists ignore the role of grand strategy in safeguarding a declining hegemon's economic strength.
Realists know better.
Realists know that some situations never improve.
Realists know that, rightly or wrongly, the campaign is over.
Realists know they'll have to wash the glass.
Realists offer ordinary characters in ordinary situations.
Realists place considerable importance on the role of the teacher in the educational process.
Realists respond to the sceptical argument by denying that there is any logical gap to be bridged.
Realists see scientific inquiry as discovery while anti-realists sees it as invention.
Realists tend to relate better to the reading phase of prayer.
Realists tend to see the war as justified.
Realists tend toward the nature view.
Realists understand arms control usually is impossible until it is unimportant.
Realists understand the slow route is the steadier route.
Realists view sovereignty as being untouchable and as guaranteed to legitimate nation-states.
Realists view the escalation to war as necessary given the U.S. and coalition states' interests.
Some realists are atheistic.
Some realists seem also to recognise the distorting and enchanting properties of language.
Most realistic anglers consider it a bonus.
Realistic animation illustrates the principles involved.
Realistic animations are more compelling and more effective for teaching.
Any realistic appraisal deems the initiative dead.
Realistic battle sounds.
Realistic blood flows from the crown of thorns and the scuffs on the knuckles.
Realistic colors illustrate the surface which includes clearly marked cities and countries.
Realistic conflicts focus on substantive issues of disagreement.
Realistic covenants protect owner values.
Realistic deadlines are necessary throughout the process.
Realistic diagrams are very useful in identifying locations of cells seen through the microscope.
Realistic diagrams make the most advanced energy systems easy to understand.
Realistic dialogue can be tricky to write.
Realistic dialogue is also very important.
Realistic dioramas reveal humankind's earliest history and the development of world cultures.
Realistic displays recreate the lifestyles, commerce and industry of the period.
Realistic documentation is a tool the poet uses to undercut emotional involvement.
Realistic draftsmanship is just one art tool among many.
Realistic drawings are generally the most difficult to produce and the least useful for reviewing.
Realistic education is the only hope of addressing social problems.
Realistic engine start up sound.
Realistic estimates are essential.
Realistic examples abound.
Realistic expectation is what is important.
Realistic expectations are an essential ingredient for a successful refractive procedure.
Realistic expectations are an important key in keeping the right spirit.
Realistic expectations are critical at every step of the accession system.
Realistic expectations are important to successful cosmetic surgery.
Realistic expectations are important.
Realistic expectations are key to making it as a consultant.
Realistic expectations are the key to a happy outcome.
Realistic expectations are the key to success.
Realistic expectations are very important to a positive outcome.
Realistic expectations created by the patient and physician discussing the procedure are essential.
Realistic expectations lead to repeated successes which, in turn, build healthy self-esteem.
Realistic fiction includes animal stories, sports stories, mystery, and adventure.
More realistic goals can prove more rewarding.
Realistic gore sounds.
Realistic graphics make people think they are often watching a army movie on television.
Realistic grass is evidently still problematic, though, since there is little of it to be seen.
Realistic hair is an extremely difficult task for computer animation.
Realistic hub caps with fake lug nuts.
Realistic illustrations add to the dramatic story.
Realistic impressions can result only when couples share their innermost feelings.
Realistic injuries increase the effectiveness of community disaster drills and exercises.
Realistic jet sounds.
Realistic light sourcing effects deliver dynamic player shading and accentuated physical detail.
Realistic lighting is used in the game by creating the illusion of an actual night and day cycle.
Realistic maps go well with the realistic weapons.
Realistic measures require a longer time frame.
Realistic mindsets are important.
Realistic movies have a lot more impact on the audience then movies that are obviously non-fiction.
Realistic novels avoid the sensational, dramatic elements of naturalistic novels and romances.
Realistic novels come in older more sensitive levels, too.
Realistic objectives have first to be set and then systematically worked towards.
Realistic optimism can be helpful, but so is dealing directly with a negative effect.
Realistic paintings accompany a description of a box turtle's search for food.
Realistic people accept an occasional disappointment as part of the job and make the best of it.
Realistic phone sounds, flashing lights, and a message and call waiting button add to the fun.
Realistic photographs look like the person, space, or object depicted.
Realistic pictures are similar to photographs, closely resembling their actual images.
Realistic plans consider public safety.
Realistic planning is the next key factor.
Realistic problem solving in concrete situations is emphasized.
Realistic relief veining on the shaft creates incredible sensations during insertion and withdrawal.
Realistic research requires industrial involvement.
Realistic salary ranges in the chosen career field.
More realistic scenarios suggest several opportunities.
Realistic simulation allows for maximum transfer of training.
Realistic simulations are difficult and computationally intensive.
Realistic siren sound button.
Realistic skins make virtual players look like the real thing.
Realistic tariff includes champagne, chocolates and plunger coffee.
Realistic terrain including sand, mud, water, gravel, and ice affect handling and speed.
Realistic touches abound.
Realistic training reduces the cost in soldiers' lives to fight and win the Nation's wars.
Realistic violence is also among the high-risk plot elements.
Realistic visualisation is provided thanks to a multi-pass rendering.
Realistic weapons do realistic damage, too.
Realistic works are more like photographs in sense.
More realistic workloads expand the pool of potential board members.
A reality check is an occasion
Reality checks are always good.
Reality checks are indeed important tests of our maturity.
Reality checks are necessary to review the terms against current market intelligence.
Reality checks help to determine what is important.
Reality checks move faster.
Reality programming is today's gusher, helping solve the narrative crisis.
Reality shift is a relatively new term to describe an ancient phenomenon.
Reality shifts are a very common phenomenon.
Reality Shifts Come explore the ways our thoughts and feelings change the physical world.
Reality shows are a voyeur's wet dream.
Reality shows are also incredibly profitable.
Reality shows are an adolescent society's dream.
Reality shows are bad.
Reality shows are lowcost ratings successes and they are strikeproof because they are scriptless.
Reality shows are much more up-close and personal.
Reality shows are television programs.
Reality shows continue to reign.
Reality television can be quality television.
Reality television is all the rage.
Reality television is entertainment that's contrived with people coming in on their own volition.
Reality television offers a series of temptations simultaneously repellant and irresistible. . .
Reality television seems to have two different origins.
Reality testing is impaired.
Reality testing is lost.
Reality testing is reduced and distortions and inconsistencies are accepted.
Reality therapy asks four basic questions.
Reality therapy consists of a series of theoretical principles.
Reality therapy is a powerful tool for personal growth, accomplishing goals, and measuring progress.
Reality therapy provides the practical application of choice theory in a psychotherapy form.
Reality TV appears to be under viewers control even as it trumpets media power.
Reality TV brings programmes both entertaining and thought provoking.
Reality TV is based on exclusion, voting people out, becoming the winner.
Reality TV is big, big, big and getting bigger.
Reality TV is considered commercial kitsch today.
Reality TV is hell.
Reality TV is hotter than ever no matter what the critics say.
Reality TV is just too grim.
Reality TV is nothing new.
Reality TV is only what the network shows of reality.
Reality TV is really nothing new.
Reality TV is still a favourite with broadcasters all over the world.
Reality TV is totally misleading.
Reality TV provides a helpful push in the back.
Reality TV shows like The Real World are another inspiration.
Reality TV sounds more interesting than reality, yet appears even more ridiculous.
Reality TV takes on divorce.
Much reality TV is perfectly innocuous entertainment.
Realities are able to dissolve into nonexistence and thus are able to evolve from nonexistence.
Realities are always more complex than images.
Realities are constructions that negotiate between the potential and the functional.
Realities are dreams.
Realities are far more complex.
Realities are harsh right now.
Realities are in conflict.
Realities are multi-lateral.
Realities are only figments of our imagination.
Realities become apparent and are addressed in a safe, nurturing environment.
Realities change to keep up with changing situations and data.
Realities dictate that there are a limited number of gates and landing slots at airports.
Realities happen through tremendous coordination.
Realities Hiding Behind the Myths - is the future of the African American community.
Realities keep in the rear, and put forward an advance-guard of show and humbug.
Realities start to take shape after several weeks and months.
Reality again corresponds to the Ricardian assumptions.
Reality alone is true.
Reality also creates superior quality websites using various technology implementations.
Reality also exists separately from human beings.
Reality also injects power into a story.
Reality also ranks services provided by revenue, demand and profit.
Reality appears as a process in which evil is being progressively overcome.
Reality appears to be dawning for Internet investors.
Reality arrives in time To keep the moment from becoming The next such memorable experience.
Reality awaits when they walk out of the movie, blinking.
Reality based shows are all the rage.
Reality based TV is misnamed.
Reality becomes an assumption.
Reality becomes clear because false impressions are unable to stick in the mind.
Reality becomes flexible and fluid.
Reality becomes fog.
Reality becomes intelligible through words.
Reality becomes just another government-controlled commodity.
Reality becomes messianic by the prophetic judgment over it.
Reality becomes plain.
Reality begins to shift.
Reality begins to swirl, dance, and coalesce . . . .
Reality begins to unfold.
Reality binds the mind.
Reality bites The change never came.
Reality boasts a full-color palette with millions of hues and an astounding pixel density.
Reality breeds the highest satisfaction.
Reality calls for change.
Reality can assert itself.
Reality can be a cold, wet towel in the face.
Reality can be a contemplated re-construction only when it becomes a knowledge form.
Reality can be a jolt.
Reality can be a serious female dog sometimes.
Reality can be cruel sometimes.
Reality can be entertaining.
Reality can be far more rewarding than a dream.
Reality can be hard to handle.
Reality can be harsh.
Reality can be quite a different thing than the thing that appears in consciousness.
Reality can be so bothersome.
Reality can be so weird.
Reality can be tough to look at.
Reality can bring personal fears to the surface and the truth can be refreshing medicine.
Reality can change.
Reality can have that effect.
Reality can make a great game.
Reality can never be as exciting as potential.
Reality can suck.
Reality can then hit with an alarming thump.
Reality catches up in some funny-sad scenes.
Reality certainly does appear to change.
Reality changes to accomodate the play.
Reality check already.
Reality check here.
Reality check The problems of the uninsured have only grown more difficult in the last few years.
Reality check with others in the course.
Reality cites a number of reasons for the revitalization of the thin-client market.
Reality comes in boxes of three or six .
Reality comes in moments.
Reality comes in pulses, waves, particles.
Reality comes late and, thoughtfully, recasts the bright colors of all that preceded.
Reality comes slowly to cautious minds.
Reality comes to the workplace.
Reality comes with an instruction booklet.
Reality consists of discrete elements or building blocks.
Reality consists of holes.
Reality consists of plurality and change, rather than duration and unity.
Reality consists only in action.
Reality contains the whole mix.
Reality covers a portion of the outer vagina, or labia, but can be moved aside for urination.
Reality creates large models.
Reality creates the perception to some extent.
Reality creates total user experiences, and that means technology tends to become invisible.
Reality demands a new 'economics' that derives value from the well-being of the environment itself.
Reality demands resolution through logic, skill and hard work.
Reality demands the opposite order.
Reality depends on linguistic ability.
Reality depends on relationship.
Reality depends only on itself and so is independent of all other things.
Reality destroys such pretenses.
Reality determines public policy.
Reality dictates otherwise.
Reality dictates that irritations are here to stay.
Reality dictates that survivors pay close attention to deeds, taking words only at their face value.
Reality dictates that the gentle hand is necessary as well the rough one.
Reality dies in a blizzard of false labeling.
Reality dies in a conspiracy of foolishness.
Reality does as Reality is.
Reality does influence imagination, and vice versa.
Reality does that, without warning or reason.
Reality driven priorities change.
Reality encompasses more than the intellect and rationality.
Reality ends here.
Reality equals death, because everything which is real has a beginning and an end.
Reality eventually sets in, as it always does, and the euphoric bubble bursts.
Reality exist in the human mind, and nowhere else.
Reality exists in more than four dimensions and there are many, many different sexes.
Reality exists in the human mind, and nowhere else.
Reality exists now, but the infinite has disappeared.
Reality exists outside the thoughts of people.
Reality exists within the force that created reality.
Reality exists without the requirement of a majority vote.
Reality exists, and consciousness exists.
Reality exists, independent of one s wishes or perception of it.
Reality exists, it is cognizant of itself, and it has a purpose.
Reality explodes fantasy.
Reality falls short of the dream in part because man chooses the wrong dream.
Reality falls somewhere between the doomsayers and promoters.
Reality feels like a shot to the temple.
Reality filtered through memory is odd enough.
Reality finally checks in.
Reality fits inside the vaginal wall by adhering to it.
Reality follows fiction indeed.
Reality forget it.
Reality generally lets it down, though.
Reality gets in the way.
Reality gets second shrift.
Reality gets the kiss-off at the start.
Reality gives way abruptly to otherworldly and often frightening visions.
Reality goes away.
Reality goes beyond fiction.
Reality goes haywire as dream and waking realities merge.
Reality happens a lot.
Reality has a good set of rules.
Reality has a knack for taking an individual's dream and restructuring it in an unforeseen way.
Reality has a nasty way of being different from the concept.
Reality has a non-relative existence transcending subjectivity.
Reality has a purpose.
Reality has a way of imposing itself on dreamer's virtual worlds.
Reality has a way of invading fantasy sooner or later.
Reality has a way of keeping confidence in perspective.
Reality has a way of killing nice fantasies.
Reality has a way of making some people angry.
Reality has an almost infinite level of detail.
Reality has an embarrassing tendency to reveal itself.
Reality has an ugly way of intruding upon marketing.
Reality has hard corners, surprises, and terrible dangers in it.
Reality has more effect than art, and art has more effect than statistics.
Reality has more.
Reality has no meaning in the end.
Reality has nothing to do with fantasies.
Reality has such a nature.
Reality has to settle in at least for awhile.
Reality has toxic waste spills, transmission overhauls and bad hair days.
Reality Here are three schools that have gone back to traditional classes.
Reality here is cold, damp, muddy and ugly.
Reality hits every artist at that point.
Reality hits hard But changes in economic and corporate fundamentals tell just part of the story.
Reality hits home.
Reality hits with a thud and a whole host of questions start asking themselves.
Reality implies that the victim is less likely to have a long and healthy life.
Reality includes the social issues of farming.
Reality increases with consciousness.
Reality increasingly becomes the dream as the dream turns into reality.
Reality indicates otherwise.
Reality indicates that space is no different.
Reality intrudes at the juncture with another trail.
Reality intrudes upon fantasy.
Reality intrudes, of course.
Reality is - if an application fails, companies lose money.
Reality is a belief system.
Reality is a bit different.
Reality is a bit more complicated.
Reality is a bitch in heat.
Reality is a bitch.
Reality is a brightly colored picture pasted over a void.
Reality is a castle in the clouds constructed of whims and wishes.
Reality is a combination of perception and definition.
Reality is a concensus.
Reality is a confusing, complex dynamic of events, processes, personalities.
Reality is a constant intrusion into our dreams.
Reality is a construct of our conscious imaginations.
Reality is a cruel teacher.
Reality is a cylindrical pouch made of polyurethane sheath.
Reality is a dangerous concept.
Reality is a deadly place to be.
Reality is a dense three-dimensional fabric, a kind of spider s web.
Reality is a different matter, however.
Reality is a different story.
Reality is a factor, however.
Reality is a figment of one's imagination, caught up in the nightmare of the dream of time.
Reality is a foreign concept to liberals.
Reality is a function of matter.
Reality is a funny thing.
Reality is a hallucination due to a lack of alcohol.
Reality is a harsh bedfellow.
Reality is a harsh mistress.
Reality is a heterogeneous stochastic ubiquity of hypodynamics.
Reality is a hierarchy of accidents ruled by pure chance.
Reality is a key driver throughout the process.
Reality is a key.
Reality is a knife in the back during a changeover.
Reality is a lack, it is an emptiness inside a realization.
Reality is a limited concept.
Reality is a limited prospect.
Reality is a little different, though.
Reality is a little more complicated than that.
Reality is a long way from that.
Reality is a lot different.
Reality is a lot messier.
Reality is a lot more complicated but the basic philosophy still holds.
Reality is a lot more varied.
Reality is a man-made process.
Reality is a multi-causal, circular phenomenon.
Reality is a myth, today the customer's perceived reality is what really counts.
Reality is a perception.
Reality is a phantasm.
Reality is a philosophical issue only when an authorized philosopher is doing all the talking.
Reality is a pitiful illusion.
Reality is a polyurethane female condom.
Reality is a pretty big hurdle.
Reality is a rare commodity in the cyber business world.
Reality is a realm that most abide by.
Reality is a seamless garment.
Reality is a seamless whole.
Reality is a signal.
Reality is a simulation.
Reality is a slippery concept.
Reality is a sobering experience.
Reality is a social construct.
Reality is a social construction.
Reality is a soft, loose-fitting polyurethane sheath that lines the vagina.
Reality is a state of mind.
Reality is a story.
Reality is a subjective experience and can be explained.
Reality is a subjective matter.
Reality is a thing of the past.
Reality is a three-dimensional pachinko game played in randomly varying gravity.
Reality is a truly frightening creature.
Reality is a unified and consistant set of misconceptions.
Reality is a user-defined parameter.
Reality is a valuable tool for augmenting group discussions.
Reality is a vapor.
Reality is a web of possibility.
Reality is a whole other story.
Reality is a whole other thing.
Reality is a wonderful thing to trade with.
Reality is a working model for ordering experience.
Reality is about to intervene.
Reality is about to set in.
Reality is about to strike.
Reality is above all else a variable.
Reality is activated through the dream state in any case here.
Reality is active and passive.
Reality is actuality.
Reality is affected by time and manipulated by the agendas of man.
Reality is all a joke.
Reality is all around.
Reality is all that counts now.
Reality is all that is , including a person's subjective view of it.
Reality is also a process of mutual transformation.
Reality is also relative.
Reality is always an issue.
Reality is always asymmetrical.
Reality is always changing, there is no absolute reality.
Reality is always dynamic, effervescent.
Reality is always much different.
Reality is always the base.
Reality is always the moment of vision before the intellectualization takes place.
Reality is always the vital thing.
Reality is always there.
Reality is always weirder.
Reality is always worse.
Reality is an agreement.
Reality is an excellent program that is great for individual study or for group discussions.
Reality is an iceberg to the raging furnace of desire.
Reality is an illusion brought through lack of alcohol.
Reality is an illusion caused by an imaginary deficiency.
Reality is an illusion caused by caffeine deficiency.
Reality is an illusion caused by lack of alcohol.
Reality is an illusion created by a lack of alcohol.
Reality is an illusion created by alcohol deficiency.
Reality is an illusion created by alcoholic deficiency.
Reality is an illusion that occurs due to the lack of alcohol.
Reality is an illusion, albeit a persistent one.
Reality is an illusion.
Reality is an important thing to remember.
Reality is an intensely interesting subject since it has to do, in the main, with relative solids.
Reality is an interesting concept.
Reality is an interpretation.
Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
Reality is an obsticle to hallucination.
Reality is another matter.
Reality is another night on the front line in the battle against illegal immigration.
Reality is another standards battle.
Reality is another thing.
Reality is another.
Reality is approximately as dependable as a politician's promise.
Reality is as perfect today as it has ever been.
Reality is as reality does.
Reality is bad enough without having our brains arouse more fears during sleep.
Reality is balance of change and stability.
Reality is based on concrete elements and inanimate principles of organization.
Reality is behind the tall building opposite the parking lot.
Reality is bigger, stronger, faster, better and hits a softball very, very hard.
Reality is black and white.
Reality is both a beautiful wholeness and a beautiful mystery.
Reality is both material and spiritual.
Reality is brutal.
Reality is built on practicalities.
Reality is but a dream state Where by, dreams become as concrete, One stone at a time.
Reality is but a illusion created by our unenlightened minds.
Reality is but a set decoration.
Reality is but an illusion.
Reality is but one set of monkey bars in the poet's playground.
Reality is certainly much more complicated.
Reality is challenged and morals are questioned.
Reality is clearly different.
Reality is code.
Reality is color.
Reality is comfortable, albeit irritating at times.
Reality is compared with the proposition.
Reality is completely different.
Reality is complex and ever changing.
Reality is complex enough as it is without distortions caused by false use of language.
Reality is complex GUIs mimic aspects of the real world.
Reality is complex, and often messy.
Reality is complex.
Reality is comprised of matter and energy evolved to different levels.
Reality is concrete and is made up of factual things.
Reality is conditioned and multiple.
Reality is confined to what the five senses can perceive.
Reality is consensus opinion, nothing more, nothing less.
Reality is considerably less dramatic.
Reality is constructed with symbols.
Reality is contextually absolute.
Reality is crazy.
Reality is created by individuals as they use symbols.
Reality is created by modern science.
Reality is created by observation.
Reality is created in every moment.
Reality is created in the moment and there are multiple realities.
Reality is created in the moment, and there are multiple realities.
Reality is crueler.
Reality is cultural.
Reality is dead.
Reality is declared to be changing, growing, developing in things.
Reality is deeper than the being of the object.
Reality is defined as the totality of real things and events .
Reality is defined by constants.
Reality is defined by the needs of the media . . .
Reality is demonstrated by the steep drop off in union petitions for NLRB elections.
Reality is designed for penile insertion only.
Reality is different from potentiality.
Reality is different from the pretty picture.
Reality is different, neither better nor worse, just different.
Reality is different.
Reality is distorted by fantasy.
Reality is distorted by proximity.
Reality is diversity in oneness.
Reality is droughts, storms and nature being what it is.
Reality is earthbound and everyday.
Reality is eminent everywhere.
Reality is entirely subjective.
Reality is escape.
Reality is essentially mental or spiritual.
Reality is ever in the making, growing where thinking beings are at work.
Reality is ever-shifting.
Reality is everything that can be perceived.
Reality is everything that happens outside of Washington.
Reality is everything.
Reality is experience
Reality is experiential truth, or truth that is realized in our experience.
Reality is extended, revitalized, and personalized.
Reality is far different.
Reality is far more banal.
Reality is far more complex.
Reality is far more complicated.
Reality is far more corrupt than the media lead the public to believe.
Reality is far more important than corporate views.
Reality is fine, but a little imagination is what makes golf the greatest game on earth.
Reality is fluid and is disproportionately affected by the weather .
Reality is fluid and is disproportionately affected by the weather.
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
Reality is fragmented into thousands of individual pictures.
Reality is frequently inaccurate.
Reality is frozen.
Reality is full of quantum leaps and opportunities for such leaps are ever present.
Reality is fundamentally agreement.
Reality is fundamentally on our side.
Reality is fundamentally spiritual, is general consciousness .
Reality is garbage and hate and violence, ignorance and prejudice.
Reality is gone, all sense of goodness is gone, normality is gone.
Reality is good.
Reality is hard enough as it is to be worried about some romance.
Reality is hard enough to deal with.
Reality is hard work.
Reality is hard.
Reality is harsh sometimes.
Reality is harsh to the feet of shadows.
Reality is harsh.
Reality Is here now.
Reality is here to stay.
Reality is here.
Reality is hidden, and sometimes that is the most important thing.
Reality is hidden.
Reality is human sacrifice.
Reality is immanent, within all form.
Reality is important.
Reality is in constant change.
Reality is in Guyana that people have been dealt with unfairly.
Reality is in it.
Reality is in our minds.
Reality is in specifics.
Reality is in the eyes of the beholder.
Reality is in the mind of the perceiver.
Reality is inaccessible to mere human thinking.
Reality is inescapable.
Reality is infinitely complex.
Reality is infinitely less sexy, embarrassingly more persistent.
Reality is infinitely more subtle, complex and beautiful.
Reality is inside the skull.
Reality is intellectual but that is in the mind of the beholder.
Reality is intended to be worn by women during sex.
Reality is interesting.
Reality is international peace.
Reality is irreducibly nonlinear.
Reality is irrelevant to whether the myths continue.
Reality is just a metaphor in one.
Reality is just a part of it.
Reality is just another marketing stunt.
Reality is just one way to exist.
Reality is just the opposite.
Reality is justice.
Reality is knowable.
Reality is less dramatic.
Reality is less expensive and also can be more valuable.
Reality is less powerful than print.
Reality is light - insubstantial, boundaryless.
Reality is lost in the union of rejection and pride.
Reality is love, ever working for the welfare of humanity.
Reality is low pay, no benefits and no job security.
Reality is made by society and is observable.
Reality is made of hurtful and joyous things.
Reality is made of language.
Reality is made of objects.
Reality is materiality.
Reality is merely a by-product of a certain mental process.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
Reality is mindless, therefore, meaningless.
Reality is misinterpreted, leading to faulty judgments and replies.
Reality is modular.
Reality is monolithic.
Reality is more challenging.
Reality is more complex in Kosovo.
Reality is more complex than it seems.
Reality is more complex.
Reality is more complicated.
Reality is more difficult.
Reality is more fascinating than fiction.
Reality is more like a verb than a noun.
Reality is more often more practical then suggestive.
Reality is more prosaic than the myth.
Reality is more subtle.
Reality is more than the eyes can see.
Reality is more than what can be perceived with the five senses.
Reality is more than what is on the surface.
Reality is more valuable than symbolism.
Reality is much different.
Reality is much more boring.
Reality is much more complex.
Reality is much more complicated.
Reality is much more harmless.
Reality is much more integrated.
Reality is much more scary.
Reality is much nicer than dreams.
Reality is much, much more.
Reality is neither an idea nor is it matter.
Reality is neither psychological subject nor the psycho-physical experience, nor is it mere void.
Reality is neither stasis nor chaos as absolutes.
Reality is neither substance alone nor alone modes.
Reality is neither.
Reality is never as bad as the imagined.
Reality is never convenient.
Reality is never easy to face alone.
Reality is never quite so clear-cut.
Reality is never quite so simple.
Reality is never what people say it is, it is what they actually do.
Reality is no less precious if it presents itself to someone else.
Reality is no longer a constant.
Reality is no longer an illusion.
Reality is no longer real.
Reality is non-dual.
Reality is nonlocal .
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
Reality is nothing more than a consensus, an agreement of the crowd, that thus and thus is so.
Reality is now in place and ready for use with a partner.
Reality is now indistinguishable from manufactured scenarios.
Reality is Now.
Reality is objective being or existence.
Reality is objective.
Reality is observation, there is no reality without observation.
Reality is obviously otherwise.
Reality is offered for meditative contemplation.
Reality is often coughs or sneezes are covered by bare hands.
Reality is often different than our expectations.
Reality is often different.
Reality is often harsh and offensive, and such relics memorialize the endurance of past generations.
Reality is often just the opposite of what feels safe and comfortable.
Reality is often stranger than the best imagination.
Reality is often very boring.
Reality is oftentimes hard to deal with.
Reality is one and indivisible.
Reality is One and undivided, though it is envisaged in variegated forms.
Reality is one big dream.
Reality is one thing, law another.
Reality is one thing.
Reality is one without a second.
Reality is one, but has many facets and aspects.
Reality is only a concept.
Reality is only a matter of perception.
Reality is only an illusion that occurs due to a lack of alcohol.
Reality is only in the individual person.
Reality is only in the individual.
Reality is only just a word.
Reality is only something that is comprehen- sible in comparison with something, that is unreal.
Reality is only the form of insanity favored by the majority.
Reality is opposite.
Reality is otherwise.
Reality is outside the doors.
Reality is overrated.
Reality is over-rated.
Reality is overwhelmingly abundant.
Reality is perceived as a machine rather than a living organism.
Reality is perception.
Reality is Perfect.
Reality is perpetual change.
Reality is possible to change as well as the destiny.
Reality is possibly the same for everybody, but imagination can be dangerous material.
Reality is prelubricated with silicone, the same lubricant as used with male latex condoms.
Reality is pretty much far away in the show,it still is a great show.
Reality is probably the most powerful car player out there.
Reality is progressive.
Reality is quantal.
Reality is quite different, i.e., women work more than men in the agricultural field.
Reality is quite different, of course.
Reality is quite different.
Reality is quite malleable and can be changed, conquered, or brought to heel.
Reality is rational process.
Reality is real.
Reality is Reality and it impacts individuals and groups.
Reality is reality, and the dream is a dream.
Reality is reality.
Reality is reasonableness, and reasonableness is ever conducive to the honorable station of man.
Reality is regarded as unknown and it is frightening for the spiritually asleep.
Reality is regrettably of little consequence.
Reality is relative and ever-changing.
Reality is relative and finite.
Reality is relative, and so are facts.
Reality is relative.
Reality is repition and participation.
Reality is replaced with psychological defenses.
Reality is resilient.
Reality is resisted.
Reality is richer than such explanations.
Reality is right in front of our faces.
Reality is scary enough.
Reality is scary.
Reality is sealed out.
Reality is seen as an indivisible stream of energy or experience.
Reality is seen as being fluid, multilayered, contradictory and full of irony.
Reality is separate from the scientific and political literature.
Reality is shareable and needs to be shared.
Reality is shared.
Reality is simply a complex pattern that is ever changing.
Reality is simply a matter of convention Our concept of reality is artificial and culture-bound.
Reality is simply a matter of convention, like good manners and wearing particular kinds of clothes.
Reality is simulated right down to the last woodpecker hole.
Reality is slapstick and stupid while madness is touching and wise.
Reality is small business people pay personal income tax rates.
Reality is so contradictory.
Reality is so hard.
Reality is so much different.
Reality is so much fun.
Reality is so much more interesting than hype.
Reality is so real.
Reality is so very stark.
Reality is something different.
Reality is something else.
Reality is somewhat less alarming.
Reality is somewhere else.
Reality is somewhere in between.
Reality is sought and worshiped, before the costs of our reality worship are assessed.
Reality is spiritual rather than material as in Western thinking.
Reality is static.
Reality is still grim.
Reality is still in the distance.
Reality is still there but at a slight remove.
Reality is stranger than fiction.
Reality is subject to the observer.
Reality is subjective.
Reality is subtle.
Reality is supplanted instead with what postmodernists tend to term the simulacrum .
Reality is surreal.
Reality is suspended for a few minutes between wakefulness and dreams.
Reality is symbolically codified in a new way.
Reality is systemic.
Reality is ten times higher.
Reality is that clinical decisions are necessarily context-dependent.
Reality is that each family is unique.
Reality is that employees are empowered to be flexible enough to take care of themselves.
Reality is that every place else there is only The Present.
Reality is that everything is really veiled spirit.
Reality is that it's much more than that.
Reality is that most look extremely monolithic to the uninitiated.
Reality is that much goes on, but few know about it.
Reality is that open space feeds our soul and heals our landscapes and communities.
Reality is that people in our times lie, like rugs, constantly, for many reasons.
Reality is that the economy has been looking pale and wan for some time now.
Reality is that the feds are outspent, outsmarted and, most important, outmanned .
Reality is that the insurance protocol provides confusion and anguish.
Reality is that the music recording companies have waited to late to enter the game.
Reality is that the recommended entry is also the easiest to execute.
Reality is that the state budget is in a crunch.
Reality is that there are more choices than a plain old HTML client.
Reality is that there is a gradual progression from pure ionic to pure covalent molecules.
Reality is that there is an entry into the network for every host on the network.
Reality is that there is no such thing as a major that guarantees a job.
Reality is that which is abiding, eternal, and unchangeable.
Reality is that which is real and enduring.
Reality is that which is sprout ing all the time out of death and disintegration.
Reality is the ability to accept the negatives of the real world.
Reality is the answer.
Reality is the best therapy.
Reality is the bond which conjoins hearts.
Reality is the cause of illumination of mankind.
Reality is the degree of agreement reached by people.
Reality is the final arbiter of what is true.
Reality is the first step to setting goals.
Reality is the hardest sell of all.
Reality is the healthiest way to deal with life.
Reality is the illusion.
Reality is the Internet, and the Internet is change.
Reality is the intersection of creation, redemption, and revelation.
Reality is the key word for Madden.
Reality is the key word.
Reality is the key.
Reality is the knowledge of verities.
Reality is the leading cause of stress.
Reality is the most important thing to get over.
Reality is the movement of energy itself.
Reality is the oneness or solidarity of mankind.
Reality is the only obstacle to happiness.
Reality is the outcome of a pre-determined epoch, science, or technique.
Reality is the polar opposite of vision.
Reality is the result of how our minds are trained to perceive the world.
Reality is the result of various causes and conditions gathering together.
Reality is the same for Western white males, for non-Western males, for females.
Reality is the second corner and is, fundamentally, agreement.
Reality is the spoken or written words and actions of outsiders.
Reality is the spookiest hood.
Reality is the sum of all facts but is known one fact at a time.
Reality is the sum of ideas related to expe- rience that is shared by others.
Reality is the sum of the laws that govern nature and of the causes from which they flow.
Reality is the sum total of what exists.
Reality is the truth.
Reality is the United States is a paramount importance to Canada.
Reality is the unity of mankind, conferring everlasting life.
Reality is the way things actually are.
Reality is the wind, the sky, mountains, rivers and man made objects.
Reality is there none.
Reality is there, but it is ideal realism.
Reality is there, truth exists, and a satisfying degree of certitude is possible.
Reality is there.
Reality is three dimensional and drawing is two dimensional, so something has to give.
Reality is thus firmly tested for the anxious individual or the person with blurred ego boundaries.
Reality is thus one body with many members, each of which is essential to the whole.
Reality is to the contrary.
Reality is too complex to be isolated into the simple components of faith and reason.
Reality is too complex to fit into any plan that government can devise.
Reality is too complex, and the urgency of the tasks at hand too pressing.
Reality is too complicated and surprise is half the fun, anyhow.
Reality is too complicated and surprise is half the fun.
Reality is too cruel.
Reality is too sad right now.
Reality is too shifting, complex, and indeterminate to decipher or judge.
Reality is too stark for it to be otherwise, survival demands it.
Reality is total publishing, total content development and total technology implementors.
Reality is tricky.
Reality is tripartite - object, subject, and process, the most significant of which is subjective.
Reality is trivial, a mere arena for proving ideas.
Reality is true.
Reality is Truth.
Reality is under constant review.
Reality is unlikely to look rosier any time soon.
Reality is used for losers.
Reality is user-optional.
Reality is usually mixed with a touch of the fantastic.
Reality is usually more complex than our simple minds envision.
Reality is usually very different.
Reality is very different .
Reality is very different.
Reality is viewed solely in terms of a human's immediate needs.
Reality is viewed the way it is learned.
Reality is virtual, made up, unexperienced.
Reality is what counts.
Reality is what is being preserved.
Reality is what it is.
Reality is what keeps a young paraplegic from walking on the moon.
Reality is what one perceives to be true.
Reality is what sane people take it to be and sanity is defined in terms of common consent.
Reality is what the learner's experience says it is.
Reality is what the liquid in the bottle actually is.
Reality is whatever premises social and cultural institutions are built on.
Reality is wholistic.
Reality is within the individual.
Reality is worse than it seems.
Reality is worth keeping in mind.
Reality is wrong.
Reality is yes or no.
Reality is young girls getting pregnant.
Reality is, after all, subjective.
Reality is, after all, the final filter of our dreams.
Reality is, both private and public institutions have much to offer.
Reality is, however, much more harsh.
Reality is, however, still very different.
Reality is, it's about power.
Reality is, nothing gets the economy going like a little spending.
Reality is, of course, never so simple.
Reality is, unbelievably, true.
Reality isa cognition.
Reality isa knowledge.
Reality just isn t what it seems to be.
Reality keeps getting in the way.
Reality kicks in.
Reality leads to only two questions.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
Reality lies in being, and requires the fulfillment of all seeds.
Reality lies somewhere between the two alternatives and involves more complexity.
Reality lies somewhere in between.
Reality lies somewhere in the middle.
Reality lives on their veranda so to speak.
Reality looks quite different.
Reality makes a convincing argument.
Reality makes people advocates of realism.
Reality makes senses.
Reality mandates the necessity for educational mobility within the discipline of nursing.
Reality matters less than our perception of it as a cause of stress.
Reality means much more.
Reality means what exists, what truely is.
Reality measures itself.
Reality meets Models.
Reality merges with fiction that was inspired by reality.
Reality needs a prick here and there, the carpet needs a flaw.
Reality needs a reset button .
Reality needs analysis and it often needs correction.
Reality needs to set in regarding Iraq's legendary weapons of mass destruction.
Reality needs vs. series.
Reality never changes.
Reality never dampens fantasies.
Reality never slips into something obscure.
Reality now sets in.
Reality now travels on the interstates.
Reality offers enough places a person can look if they want to be jolted or upset.
Reality offers more of a continuum than a simple, bright dividing line.
Reality only serves to bring solace to the aggressor.
Reality only shows itself up as a realization.
Reality plays a key role in job hunting.
Reality poses limitations on what can be achieved.
Reality presents questions to faith.
Reality probably falls somewhere between the extremes articulated in Hollywood and in Washington.
Reality probably is omnidimensional.
Reality probably lies somewhere in between.
Reality probably strikes a balance somewhere.
Reality proves that a scorecard is dynamic.
Reality proves that people do care.
Reality provides a powerful argument.
Reality provides another sobering lesson.
Reality puts the romanticism into a different light.
Reality reaches from blunt violation of directives to simple non-action.
Reality really is stranger than fiction.
Reality really stinks.
Reality requires decisions.
Reality requires much more work, and fewer giggles.
Reality rests somewhere between the two interpretations.
Reality reveals itself complete and whole at the moment of awakening.
Reality says better late than never.
Reality says it can be anyone including the team's one and only coach.
Reality says that such a person is very rare.
Reality says they're in it for the money and the vacation.
Reality seems at all levels of complexity to require a randomizer of some sort.
Reality seems brutal.
Reality seems so simple.
Reality seems to be a matter of perspective.
Reality seems to be getting in the way of success.
Reality seems to be hitting all over.
Reality seems to be slipping out from under our feet.
Reality seems to have a cold and stern face.
Reality seems to have been different.
Reality seems to home in the success artists have had in the recent spate of decades.
Reality seems to melt away and become a timeless dream.
Reality seems to reward the hare.
Reality seems to suggest otherwise.
Reality seems to wear brighter colors and play sweeter music than usual.
Reality sets in and a gap forms between the ideal and the real.
Reality sets in for the pastor and the people.
Reality sets in.
Reality shifts back and forth, drawing the audience into the action.
Reality shows that over half of marriages end in divorce.
Reality shows that there is a significant chasm between the formal and the real rules of the game.
Reality shows, however, that Russia is quite different from Indonesia.
Reality simply consists of different points of view.
Reality sinks in.
Reality sits in a green-cushioned chair.
Reality soon sets in, however.
Reality speaks a language of symbols.
Reality speaks for itself.
Reality starts to sink in about a month later.
Reality stays in the sea, and metaphor's their vast, Cartesian land.
Reality strikes all too clear, cultural death, the aim, the fear.
Reality strikes The guests arrived, and everything was set out on the deck.
Reality strikes their minds far too early.
Reality sucks sometimes.
Reality sucks, at least for the one who has to pay.
Reality suggests possibilities.
Reality suggests that what is outmoded is the speed of the judicial procedure.
Reality supports freer trade policies.
Reality supports one gigabyte of RAM for extensive sample playback.
Reality takes time to catch up with a vision.
Reality tastes so much better.
Reality teaches the opposite.
Reality tells a different story now, however.
Reality tells a different story.
Reality tends to be a little tamer.
Reality tends to remain itself, despite the ways it is described.
Reality tends to repeat itself in subtle ways.
Reality then counts as a collection of bits and pieces, basically without any fundamental coherence.
Reality thus becomes secondary and image is everything.
Reality thus blends with the unreal.
Reality transcends the three states of waking, dream and deep sleep.
Reality truly is an illusion.
Reality turns on ideals.
Reality turns out to be more complicated, as is usual in nature.
Reality turns over completely every nine years.
Reality ultimately is the same for all perception because it created perception in the first place.
Reality waits with infinite patience.
Reality wins, apparently, though unless it's represented, whatever it is, it's gone.
Reality's always a little dull to whoever's involved in it.
Reality's only an idea away.
Reality's the only obstacle to happiness.
Realities always lag behind hopes and expectations.
Reality always asserts itself through surprises, and that's part of what makes life worth living.
Reality always demands a response.
Reality always finds a way in.
Reality always has a way of intervening, however.
Reality always sets in, a little later.
Reality always trumps speculation.
Reality always wins in science.
Realities often intersect.
Reality often clouds the good stuff.
Reality often follows perception.
Reality often runs a distant second.
Reality often says otherwise. . . .
Reality often takes a backseat to perception.
Reality sometimes bites the unsuspecting.
Reality sometimes differs from video.
Reality sometimes works up a scenario that is hard to imagine.
Reality usually doesn t set in until after the honeymoon.
Reality usually sprawls.
All realities already exist but almost all realities have yet to be observed.
All realities are clear and obvious.
All realities evolve.
All realities influence our practice, and that influence is their meaning. . .
All reality becomes virtual.
All reality begins as thought but it needs energy to become manifest.
All reality follows from physical law.
All reality is brought forth solely by the imagination.
All reality is determined by the trinity of origin, in between and end.
All reality is emptied of every demonic depth and burden.
All reality is energy, being composed of a complex combination of energy events.
All reality is everyone s heritage.
All reality is first a reality in consciousness.
All reality is iconoclastic.
All reality is material.
All reality is observer dependent.
All Reality is Virtual.
Every reality begins with a dream.
Every reality has an infinity of aspects or properties.
Every reality needs a lot of escaping to be able to exist.
Most reality makes senses.
Most reality requires decisions.
Some realities are clearly more appealing than others.
Some reality conducts expedition.
Some reality relies on perceptions.
Some reality requires creations.
Realization causes an awakening.
Realization causes an Awakening.
Realization comes in flashes of light.
Realization comes suddenly and unexpectedly.
Realization dawns in many places.
Realization dawns that in the process, they have fallen in love.
Realization has nothing to do with reality.
Realization is a creation
Realization is always absolute because in unity there can be no sense of relativity.
Realization is composing.
Realization is dependent on generating sufficient future taxable income.
Realization is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income to utilize such assets.
Realization is impos- sible without complete control of all the senses.
Realization is itself transmission.
Realization is musical compositions.
Realization is sales.
Realization is so personal.
Realization is that of the Aryan disciple.
Realization is that simple.
Realization is the meaning.
Realization is the slowest force in the universe.
Realization is the ultimate goal.
Realization is understanding.
Realization is universal.
Realization is very exciting.
Realization isa cognition.
Realization isa knowledge.
Realization occurs when the delivered benefits exceed the costs of the job.
Realization pays all sales taxes.
Realization relies upon the satguru, whose grace is the blossoming of all sadhana.
Realization seeks truth.
Realization sinks in.
Realizations are insufficient.
Realizations are slow in coming, and mostly proposed by someone else.
Most realization seeks truth.
Some realization causes remorse.
Some realization leads to development.
Some realization leads to hypotheses.
Any realized income is to be deducted as outlined in legislation.
Realizes paws are wet.
Reallocated amounts reflect redistribution of dollars from one account to another.
Reallocation actually contributes to total return, while holding the risk level constant.
Reallocation can take place before or after final disbursement.
Reallocation is allotment.
Reallocation is an allocation
Reallocation is one way, but there are others.
Reallocation is recognized to be necessary.
Reallocation is the ultimate test of an institution's commitment to teaching with technology.
Reallocations are the only way to fund new initiatives.
Most reallocations require some type of behavioral change at the unit level.
Some reallocations leave funds in the budget but redirect their use to other activities.
Realm has power.
Realm is an area
Realm isa domain.
Realms also interact with a DBMS to enforce geometric consistency on object creation or update.
Realms are groups of web pages requiring authentication.
Realms are large and larger.
Realms are various other powers beside magic.
Realms begin with only one leader, called the realm character.
Realms have several functions which answer our list of problems rather nicely.
Realms is split into over twenty chapters, each ending with a video sequence.
All realms welcome.
Most realm has power.
Some realm affects demographic patterns.
Some realm affects patterns.
Some Realms have hundreds of warriors.
Realness is a street-wise urban survival technique used by most gay, lesbian and transgender youth.
Realness is about earning status through pain.
Realness is actuality
Realness is an inside job.
Realness now requires the accumulation of proof.
Realscrubs pants are unisex and reversible, with a drawstring waist and one back pocket.
Realtime capability is highly desirable.
Realtime data goes a long way toward closing the deal and satisfying the customer.
Realtime data is available.
Realtime graphs show the walks and the results.
Realtime interaction is possible.
Realtime recording plays back trainees.
Realtime tracking is provided.
Realtime writing is a rapidly-expanding field and is in great demand.
RealTopo software is distributed with data.
Realty estoppel confidentiality disclosures have rider or lender affidavit agreements.
Realty is a property
All realty is immobile tangible.
A ream is an amount
Reams are the sponsors.
Reams still thrives on pursuing new friendships and interests.
Reames suggests getting insects for cooking from a distributer.
A reamer is a kitchen utensil
Reamer comes with a comfortable plastic-grip handle.
Reamers are drills.
Reamers are orange juice squeezers or juicers.
Reamers can only remove a few thousandths of material.
Reamers come in a variety of shapes and functionalities.
A reaper is a hand
Reaper climbs to the second rope and comes off with a double axehandle on Fargo's head.
Reaper climbs to the second rope and comes off with a Double Axehandle.
Reapers also place the henchmen as guards for their village.
Reapers are a product of a genetic mixing attempt to create the perfect vampire.
Reapers are essential.
Reapers are nightmares made flesh.
Reapers have a health vial, plus they can slowly gain health back by swimming in the water.
Reapportionment is abstract and hard to explain.
Reapportionment is an allocation
Reapportionment is required after each census.
Reapportionment is the process of redrawing legislative and congressional district boundaries.
Rear access is also available from the basement level.
Rear access is eased with a third door.
Rear access is nifty.
Rear accommodations are also first class.
Rear accommodations can be pleasant or unpleasant, depending on the attitude of the passengers.
Rear alley provides access to parking.
Some rear aperture has positions.
Rear bar is now adjustable for easier installation.
Rear bedroom leads to private garden and one deeded parking space.
Rear bench seats up.
Rear body is green to blue-green.
Rear brake is designed to stop on a dime.
Rear brakes are mandatory.
Rear building is two story with storage on ground floor and unfinished residence on second story.
Rear bumper is broken and continental kit missing.
Rear bumper is perfect.
Rear bumpers are optional.
Rear channel is surprisingly noticeable.
Rear comfort is excellent, featuring very good headroom, legroom, and underseat footroom.
Rear cover has quarter-sized splotch.
Rear cover is a bit torn.
Rear cover is obscured by an album page to which the catalog was glued.
Rear cover is the same dimensionally as standard cover.
Rear deck has beautiful sunsets.
Rear deck is rigged with cleat for rescue and a throw bag is included.
Rear deck opens for an efficient stainless steel galley with sink, icebox and cabinets.
Rear development is the most common form of development of cirrocumulus.
Rear door allows easy access to assist sow during farrowing.
Rear door is shown here.
Rear doors remain locked.
Rear doors slide forward to open the rear cargo area or backward for passenger access.
Rear doors swing open and snap closed.
Rear drags are convenient, but they use small washers and are thus less effective.
Rear ells extend from both sides of the back.
A rear end is a body part
Rear end is a cutlass.
Rear end is stock.
Rear end takes first bump in a series but is harsh on later bumps.
Rear end wants to hop and skip when the throttle is chopped during aggressive corner entries.
Rear ends are body parts.
Rear ends are solid objects.
Rear entrance has auto door opener.
Rear entrance is handicap accessible.
Rear entrance provides ramped access to the elevator.
Rear entrances are for employees only.
Rear entry allows for deep penetration and vigorous pushing if the couple wants that.
Rear exhaust directs air away from work.
Rear facing is the safest position.
Rear fan ensures quick and uniform baking.
Some rear flippers have claws.
Rear focus refers to the focused area behind the picture's subject.
Rear feet are just slightly longer than front feet.
Rear feet are much smaller than the front feet and have no dewclaws.
Rear feet are slightly smaller than front.
Rear feet are the same as forefeet except slightly smaller.
Rear feet have toes.
Rear foot brakes firmly lock rear wheels.
Rear foot moves up to regain stance.
Most rear feet have toes.
Rear frame rails.
Rear fuselage continues far past the trailing edge of the fin.
Rear fuselage sweeps up to accomodate a loading ramp.
Rear gate is on rollers.
Rear gate is secured closed with a safety latch.
Rear head restraints standard on sedans and wagons.
Rear hub is brand new.
Rear hub uses a titanium cassette body.
Rear knee is extended off the floor.
Rear label consists mostly of text and is also soiled a bit.
Some rear lamps are part of ambulances.
Some rear lamps are part of automobiles.
Some rear lamps are part of autos.
Some rear lamps are part of cars.
Some rear lamps are part of dumpers.
Some rear lamps are part of go-karts.
Some rear lamps are part of motorbikes.
Some rear lamps are part of pickups.
Some rear lamps are part of taxis.
Some rear lamps are part of trucks.
Rear leg folds flat for easy transport and storage.
Rear leg is slightly bent.
Rear leg is straight with no hyper- extension.
Rear legs adjust distance from eyes.
Rear legs are fine.
Rear legs are muscular and relatively short and sinewy.
Rear legs are wide apart and parallel when viewed from the rear.
Rear legs move in line with front legs.
Rear light is a lamp
Rear lights are large and placed higher for better visibility.
Some rear light is part of ambulances.
Some rear light is part of automobiles.
Some rear light is part of autos.
Some rear light is part of cars.
Some rear light is part of dumpers.
Some rear light is part of go-karts.
Some rear light is part of motorbikes.
Some rear light is part of pickups.
Some rear light is part of taxis.
Some rear light is part of trucks.
Rear loading allows for simple and fast ingress and egress.
Rear loading is desirable.
Rear mudguard provides for quicker haulroad speeds and elliminates wheel splash onto windows.
Rear operations are a critical fight for the brigade commander.
Rear outriggers telescope and extend down only.
Rear overturns are another problem.
Rear overturns occur when other forces move the center of gravity back over the rear axle.
Rear panel provides access to server and cabling.
Rear panel switches for center channel - small, large, and none.
All rear panels lift off.
Rear passengers are less fortunate - maybe even more cramped than in the old car.
Rear passengers can adjust their own speakers, or put on individual headphones.
Rear passengers can watch movies, play video games, or listen to the radio, CD, or cassette player.
Rear passengers do have their own roof-mounted air vents.
Rear passengers enjoy immense leg and foot room.
Rear passengers get a new folding center armrest that has two integrated cupholders.
Rear passengers get far too much bass reverb from the big subwoofer mounted in the rear right panel.
Rear passengers get heater vents, seat storage pockets, ashtrays and lighters, and vanity mirrors.
Rear passengers have a center armrest with cupholders and a first aid kit.
Rear passengers have a folding centre rear armrest and map pockets on the seatbacks.
Rear passengers have air conditioning and heat, cupholders, a storage area and reading lights.
Rear passengers have enough leg and head room to make long-range trips a joy.
Rear passengers have good legroom and greater than average headroom.
Rear passengers have map and door pockets, cupholders, and heater vents.
Rear passengers have more than enough room to remain comfortable over the long haul.
Rear passengers have their own audio controls with headphone jacks.
Rear passengers have their own controls for air and audio.
Rear passengers have their own dome lights, map pockets, and cupholder.
Rear passengers sit higher than front passengers, creating an automotive form of theater seating.
Rear passengers sit higher than front seat occupants.
Rear pasterns are nearly perpendicular to the ground.
Rear pasterns are short.
Rear pasterns are sinewy and well let down with the angle of the hock moderately open.
Rear pasterns are strong, lean, and of moderate length.
Rear paws have four complete digits and front paws have four or five digits.
Rear piece is shorter, but curves into a tongue shape at centre.
Rear pillars flow down into rounded rear quarters in a smooth seamless transition from roof to body.
Rear pipe is attached to the front pipe with a tubular support that runs underneath the front pipe.
Rear pocket is zipper expandable.
Rear portion has the deep center-grooved base.
Rear portion opens to reveal the highly detailed engine.
Rear projection gives a clean, crisp image with no distracting shadow.
Rear projection is accomplished with a front throw projector and a slide of the desired image.
Rear projection is by far the most popular and can be found at virtually any TV retailer.
Rear puck is fitted to balancer.
Rear quarters are unique.
Rear quarters have strong driving power, with hocks fully extending.
Rear racks mount on the back of a vehicle with brackets and straps.
Rear rim is new, never ridden.
Rear ring is angled back to prevent scope from being affected by muzzle blast.
Most rear rollovers are the result of changing the tractor's center of gravity.
Rear rooms are quieter.
Rear scrapers are standard equipment with notched rollers.
Rear scrapers are standard equipment with notched wheels.
Rear scrapers are standard on notched rollers.
Rear scrapers are standard on regular rollers.
Rear seat can accommodate three with loads of legroom for six footers.
Rear seat folds flat to hold more stuff.
Rear seat is comfortably supportive, but leg room is sparse.
Rear seat is cramped in leg room department with front seat all the way back.
Rear seat is cramped.
Rear seat is original, front seats are buckets.
Rear seat lacks middle headrest.
Rear seats are firm and supportive and a shoulder belt is offered afforded a third person.
Rear seats are for kids and diminutive supermodels.
Rear seats are however an excellent choice for the budget conscious.
Rear seats are low too, though the bottom cushion is tilted enough to provide adequate leg support.
Rear seats fold down to expand cargo space, but that's about it.
Rear seats fold for even more cargo-carrying space.
Rear seats fold forward or backward, which increases the vehicle's functionality.
Rear seats have lots of legroom and headroom.
Rear seats have pony kit, check the images.
Rear seats look and feel a little primitive.
Rear seats retract to create additional cargo space.
Rear section is a wood monocoque.
Rear section provides thermal and moisture protection.
Rear shock feels soft on large bumps or jumps.
Rear shock feels too hard over jumps, large bumps, or a series of small bumps.
Rear shock has just enough travel to take edge off big hits, yet soaks up small stutter bumps.
Rear shock is simple and low maintenance design.
Rear shock is specific to bike due to adjustable geometry.
Rear shock is tucked out of sight for classic, hardtail look.
Rear shock is tucked out of site for that classic, hardtail look.
Rear shock kicks up during braking.
Rear shocks can be either air, coil or elastomer sprung.
Rear shocks have mechanical knob preload, tool-free adjustment.
Rear side includes statistics on adverse reactions, neurotoxic effects.
Rear sight flips up when in rifle mode.
Rear sight is mounted on top of the gas tube.
Rear sights are also windage-adjustable.
All rear sights have click adjustments for windage and elevation.
All rear sights have competition click adjustments for windage and elevation.
Rear speakers are add ons, with the occasional sound or musical cue filling in for ambient noise.
Rear speakers are in constant use, while the dialogue mix is strong.
Rear speakers are unchanged.
Rear speakers come alive with more than the usual dumping of musical and sound effects cues.
Rear speakers come alive with powerful musical cues and ambient noise.
Rear speakers do more than feed additional musical and ambient noise cues.
Rear speakers find plenty to do, while the basses are used for effect.
Rear speakers get a lot of attention.
Rear speakers kick it with powerful ambient noise, musical and dialogue cues.
Rear speakers make good advantage of the musical numbers, but basses are gimmicky at best.
Rear speakers make good use of the ambient noise and musical cues.
Rear speakers parlay the various musical cues and ambient noise with assurance.
Rear speakers play the surround sound.
Rear speakers presents a nice range of musical and sound cues.
Rear speakers pump out crystal clear musical cues and creepy ambient noise with assurance.
Rear speakers work overtime, delivering surround effects that are natural and realistic.
Rear spoilers help give our coupes a sleek, sporty look.
Rear springs are available in single stage, progressive, and in combination with auxiliary springs.
Rear springs are helical-coil type.
Rear stabilizers are available for certain loader models.
Rear stabilizers continue to move down into the medium-priced market.
Rear steps lead to the back yard.
Rear suspension absorbs shock between the rear wheel and frame.
Rear suspension features an underslung pull shock with adjustable compression and spring pre-load.
Rear suspension has a special swinging arm with spring and damper unit.
Rear suspension is a coil spring and trailing arm design.
Rear suspension is adjustable with a wheel under the seat.
Rear suspension is by independent trailing arms, coil springs, and separate shocks.
Rear suspension is by live axle, five links and coil springs.
Rear suspension is by means of healthy stacks of leaf springs with a stabilizer bar to reduce roll.
Rear suspension is cushioned by oil filled shocks.
Rear suspension is fully independent with a transverse leaf spring.
Rear suspension is nice.
Rear suspension is similar.
Rear suspension is the latest battleground.
Rear teats are usually shorter than the front teats.
Rear thong has minimal look with just the right amount of fabric.
Rear threads allow attachment of the illuminated reticle pattern polar alignment scope.
Rear tire provides predictable cornering along with high performance on braking and exiting corners.
Rear tires are better suited to carry the extra weight, and there is less chance of side overturns.
Rear tires are duallies.
Rear toes have long nails.
Rear toes have nails.
Most rear toes have long nails.
Most rear toes have nails.
Rear teeth are more cylindrical and blunter than front teeth.
Rear tractors push or pull.
Rear turret flies North Pole banner.
Rear udders are high and wide with a deep crease.
Rear view is, however, hindered by the three rear head restraints.
Rear view shows permanently attached back enclosure with adjustable vent included with each hut.
Rear views show an interesting detail.
Rear visibility is virtually identical to the factory top - only clear.
Rear vision is compromised somewhat by a divided rear window.
Rear wheel fits right in.
Rear wheel is diffucult to change due to creativly sculpted rear dropouts.
Rear wheel is locked or clutch seems damaged.
Rear wheel is peugot hub, fiamme rim, straigh gauge spokes.
Rear wheel is quickly detachable.
Rear wheel sits on twin rollers - ready for use in seconds.
Rear wheels allow easy movement for repositioning and cleaning of work area.
Rear wheels dia.
Rear wheels fold up flush for storage.
Rear wheels lift from the ground, fenders wrap around object.
All rear wheels are heavy-duty oversize mags that offer extra traction.
All rear wheels have a ratchet mechanism which prevents backward movement as the user steps forward.
A rear window is a car window
Rear window appears to be fastened with duct tape.
Rear windows are cars.
Rear windows are films.
Rear windows are part of cars.
Rear windows go down just over halfway.
Rear windows go down nearly all the way.
Some rear windows are part of ambulances.
Some rear windows are part of automobiles.
Some rear windows are part of autos.
Some rear windows are part of cars.
Some rear windows are part of taxis.
Some rear wings have bases.
Rear yard is chain link fenced and backs up to woods.
Rear yard is French courtyard portico to garage.
Rear yard is totally private with beautiful garden and large covered patio.
A rear is a formation
Rear isa formation.
Rears are formations.
Rears are inserts which require donor struts.
Rears are original matched tread or retreads with first time casings.
Rears are sides.
Rears come full across for most trucks.
Rears work fine.
A rearmament is mobilization
Rearmament begins against restrictions of the Versailles Treaty.
Rearranged topics list .
Rearrangement is transcription
Rearrangements try to keep up with the core, the valuable items.
Many rearrangements are detectable by changes in linkage or effects on meiotic products.
Rears speakers are alive with additional data, including specific vocal and musical cues.
Reason magazine covers culture, politics, science and technology, and business.
Reason acts like a universal language.
Reason alone offers no positive arguments for such separability.
Reason also has both a theoretical and a practical employment.
Reason also includes logic.
Reason applies itself to understanding, never to experience or objects.
Reason argues with itself.
Reason arrives with little effort.
Reason assumes freedom and conceives of principles of action in order to function.
Reason attempts to establish unity, as well as identity, duration, cause, materiality, and being.
Reason automatically routes in the most logical way.
Reason begets reason, and the opposite is also true.
Reason begins to assume more importance, as structural problems become evident.
Reason being - quitting smoking can take a tremendous amount of energy and inner fortitude.
Reason being hector can whip any feather on any given night.
Reason being in most cases is the location when the attack occurs.
Reason being is because there is no or very little effort, time and personal creation to it.
Reason being line is out.
Reason being pricing is dependent on the size and complexitiy of the site.
Reason being the electronics and speakers can now reveal the shortcomings of the source.
Reason being, on the prototype they can see down through the deck.
Reason being-it's pretty.
Reason builds on a foundation of faith.
Reason can accomplish some things, but it can seriously mislead.
Reason can afford no such certainty.
Reason can also stream audio directly into a sequencer.
Reason can analyze, but only the secondary emotions can prioritize.
Reason can answer only some of our questions.
Reason can be a potent ally-a sixth sense and a method for action all in one.
Reason can be creative and original.
Reason can be logic.
Reason can create sin.
Reason can disclose truth about reality, but faith and revelation are needed in addition.
Reason can neither prove nor disprove the essential religious doctrines.
Reason can never ultimately and finally grasp Being according to Aquinas.
Reason can no longer discover meaning.
Reason can only work with the data that it is given.
Reason can prevail only when arguments are advanced without the whipping of the Sound.
Reason can somewhat handle the orderly part, but fails when things slip over to the chaotic.
Reason can sort out which are good and which are bad.
Reason choose from whatever figures as makes new york jets heltmets.
Reason combined with a reasonable amount of intellect provides a powerful punch.
Reason comes from a family of educators.
Reason comes into play.
Reason comes loaded with tons of cool onboard sounds.
Reason comprises conception, judgment, reasoning, and the intuitional faculty.
Reason concedes business has been tough for many operators.
Reason connects up each new device in a normalized, logical way.
Reason contains the reason for the event.
Reason covers politics, economics, culture, and science from a broad-minded libertarian perspective.
Reason creates abstract ideas, some of which men are willing to die for.
Reason cuts both ways.
Reason demands belief in the existence of Purgatory.
Reason demands that no genera be the highest.
Reason demands that no species be the lowest.
Reason destroy under few sport and apply arthur court wear.
Reason destroy under few sport and apply liz claiborne petites.
Reason destroy under few sport and apply men tie.
Reason destroy under few sport and apply suit.
Reason determines which hypotheses best accord with the appearances.
Reason distinguishes man from animals.
Reason does more than merely discover the presence of absence of contradictions.
Reason does nothing except locate the presence or absence of contradictions.
Reason draws ethical thought in the direction of theory and systematization.
Reason elevates humans.
Reason Enter the appropriate reason code.
Reason explains that everything that exists has a beginning and an end.
Reason features total recall.
Reason frees the concept from the limits of empirical experience.
Reason gives expression to the laws of inevitability.
Reason gives knowledge, but love provides certitude.
Reason gives way to inclination.
Reason goes out and is immediately replaced by superstition.
Reason goes straight to the idea.
Reason governs inference and experience picks out what the objects of sense-experience are.
Reason gradually returns.
Reason has a libertarian appeal.
Reason has gone first, faith is to follow.
Reason has it's place.
Reason has little do with it, as evidenced by pending legislation to stiffen juvenile sentences.
Reason has little power against such morbid fantasies.
Reason has little to do with it.
Reason has no place here.
Reason has no place.
Reason has to do with how things can be .
Reason has two basic modes, the substantive and the functional or procedural.
Reason ignores men of flesh and blood in favor of concepts like truth, goodness and beauty.
Reason Indicates a callback resource.
Reason intrudes as a warning sign.
Reason is a beautifully designed, versatile tool for creating just about any kind of music.
Reason is a being of many senses.
Reason is a complete virtual studio.
Reason is a deeply socio-cultural phenomenon.
Reason is a double agent.
Reason is a faculty exhibited only by human beings by virtue of the development of mind and brain.
Reason is a feeble support when passion, whether fear or desire, waxes strong.
Reason is a human faculty of the mind, or, at least, one posited to exist.
Reason is a joy to use and makes electronic music spontaneous and fun again.
Reason is a more humble, more universal, more democratic gift.
Reason is a motive
Reason is a person s means of knowing reality, and life belongs to the individual.
Reason is a poor solace when faith has shallow roots wanting shelter before they can deepen.
Reason is a powerful instrument by which one is able to guide one's life.
Reason is a rebel.
Reason is a slave of the passions.
Reason is a strange god and corrupts provincial ignorance and complacency.
Reason is a supple nymph, and slippery as a fish by nature .
Reason is a supple nymph, and slippery as a fish by nature.
Reason is a term that is descriptive of the Christian mind.
Reason is a tool, particularly handy in science and research.
Reason is a very light rider, and easily shook off.
Reason is a vital tool but alone it is unable to account for the breadth of human experience.
Reason is a way of knowledge, it is also a way on conduct.
Reason is active, alert and restless.
Reason is always necessary to follow and accept any practise.
Reason is always preferable.
Reason is always what someone else has got to say.
Reason is an aspect of cognition .
Reason is an attribute of the individual.
Reason is an endangered species in any environment.
Reason is an enemy, a cumbersome inconvenience better replaced by faith, belief and obedience.
Reason is an important part of any educational process.
Reason is an intellectual verity or reality.
Reason is an invaluable commodity upon which the foundations of both exist.
Reason is appealed to by both sides in an attempt to show that their bases of argument are reliable.
Reason is at no point in conilict with morals.
Reason is because our enrollment has steadily been going up.
Reason is born.
Reason is capable of feats of abstraction which separate the reasoner from the natural world.
Reason is clouded by vested interest.
Reason is computation or reckoning for Hobbes.
Reason is corrupted by sin.
Reason is decisive.
Reason is defined as a basis or cause for some belief or action.
Reason is deprecated and romantic illusions prevail.
Reason is dominant in man.
Reason is downright impossible, negating the potential for progress of any kind.
Reason is embodied in the dialectic.
Reason is evolution of reality.
Reason is explanations.
Reason is facts.
Reason is faculty.
Reason is fearless thought, undeterred by legal, spiritual, or social penalties.
Reason is for withstanding twisting force.
Reason is fractional lines on a local basis are just expensive.
Reason is freely available to all.
Reason is Greek.
Reason is harmony, cooperation, coherence.
Reason is implied in it in several ways.
Reason is infact compatible with happiness.
Reason is inherently unable to pass judgement in the area from which prophecy originates.
Reason is instrumental reason.
Reason is intellect.
Reason is irrelevant.
Reason is itself a matter of faith.
Reason is just another code word for the views of the privileged.
Reason is likely to be dictated here by the cost of the printer itself.
Reason is limited to what is the case, empirically.
Reason is lost and something uglier and more primitive takes over.
Reason is mankind's primary tool for survival as mankind.
Reason is man's only means of acquiring knowledge.
Reason is man's only means to survival.
Reason is master of the world, and history represents a rational process.
Reason is merely a contrivance and thus the work of s cholarship is a sham.
Reason is merely power s rhetorical cover.
Reason is mind.
Reason is motivationally inert.
Reason is never jealous, having no identity.
Reason is no longer in danger from the passions because the passions are ruled by reason.
Reason is no more denied than it is enthroned.
Reason is nothing.
Reason is of crucial importance in showing that compassion is a virtue.
Reason is one of our charisms.
Reason is one of the most influential political magazines in America.
Reason is only faith's shadow, but a shadow that claims priority.
Reason is only too evident.
Reason is our basic means of survival, and our only means of judging others' characters.
Reason is our bodies are so different in suppleness and flexibility.
Reason is our faculty of making inferences and of identifying the grounds behind every truth.
Reason is our power to think.
Reason is overthrown by trivial details.
Reason is poison to the man or woman in love.
Reason is primarily a closed system.
Reason is quite simple.
Reason is rejected in favor of emotion.
Reason is related to natural knowledge through empirical observances.
Reason is replaced with rhetoric, logical arguments by emotional appeals.
Reason is requested to be kept private.
Reason is seen historically in the various roles of enemy, ally and servant of religion.
Reason is seen to rule mindless, passive matter.
Reason is simple.
Reason is simply and solely a tool, without any legitimate claim to moral content.
Reason is simply the result of the play of external circumstances upon a physicochemical machine.
Reason is simply the year long lasting conditioning of seeing things in a specific way.
Reason is still unknown.
Reason is supported by faith.
Reason is that a discharge simply says that all legally dischargeable debts are discharged.
Reason is that a number of HTML tools, such as editors and browsers can be used.
Reason is the abihty to solve problems without going through a physical process of trial and error.
Reason is the ability to separate form from matter in abstract thought.
Reason is the actual target of skeptical attacks.
Reason is the application of disciplined thought to understand more fully the mystery.
Reason is the bullying guard at the gates of perception.
Reason is the certainty of being all reality.
Reason is the chariot driver that keeps the horses going in a direction of purpose.
Reason is the conscious certainty of being all reality.
Reason is the energy which holds things in right relation, which keeps the planets from colliding.
Reason is the eye and conscience the reflection.
Reason is the faculty for learning through knowledge.
Reason is the faculty of proportioning judgment to evidence, after first weighing the evidence.
Reason is the faculty of supreme comprehension, the idea of totality.
Reason is the faculty that perceives, identifies, and integrates the input received from the senses.
Reason is the final determiner of reality, for both men and women.
Reason is the first thought of rebellion in word or thought.
Reason is the harmonious union of freedom and laws.
Reason is the judge.
Reason is the master of language and language is the servant of reason.
Reason is the most powerful tool for solving human problems.
Reason is the non-contradictory identification of the facts of reality.
Reason is the only frontier left.
Reason is the only objective means of communication and of understanding among men.
Reason is the outer one and sensation the inner.
Reason is the peculiar mark by which man is distinguished from the animals.
Reason is the process of forming and using concepts.
Reason is the servant of instinct.
Reason is the Soul of the Law.
Reason is the source of transcendent principles.
Reason is the source, the precondition of a person's productive work.
Reason is the totality of the higher function of the mind, which holds guiding role of the mind.
Reason is the ultra-rare exception to the rule in that it accomplishes both goals brilliantly.
Reason is the use of logic to understand and explain the inner structure of a model.
Reason is the weakest of all bulwarks against their frenzied activities.
Reason is the wise man's guide, example the fool's.
Reason is therefore Godlike, divine.
Reason is they have never taken any courses to polish their training skills.
Reason is to be appealed to and judgment invoked.
Reason is too clever by half.
Reason is unclear.
Reason is unknown - reduction to handwaving about windows in development.
Reason is very small part of the universe.
Reason is what elevates man from animals.
Reason is what is right in right relations.
Reason is, and ought only to be, the servant of the passions.
Reason is, and ought only to be, the slave of the passions.
Reason IS, by means of itself.
Reason is, of all things in the world, the most hurtful to a reasoning human being.
Reason is, our schedule is, to put it mildly, jam-packed.
Reason is, that was about seventy years ago.
Reason is, the inaccuracy in sling lengths can change the load pattern significantly.
Reason isa motivation.
Reason isa motive.
Reason just figures out how best to get it.
Reason knows the irony of American culture.
Reason lacks the motivational power for moral action and judgement.
Reason lacks the power.
Reason leaves a vacuum in the life of the spirit and chills.
Reason leaves freedom to choice, and gives man freewill.
Reason looks around for a concept that is compatible with absolute necessity.
Reason makes the mind most unstable.
Reason manifests itself in culture and nature.
Reason merely allows the person to make moral distinctions.
Reason needs the corrective of the gospel.
Reason needs to be accepted and encouraged within the limits of revelation.
Reason never produces a decisive answer.
Reason Now wait a minute.
Reason obviously is mismanagement.
Reason offend Ice to harvest at little seahawks poster but whistle under several mate.
Reason only comes in partisan shape.
Reason passively reports data, like a camera.
Reason permeates all things.
Reason plays no part in our salvation.
Reason postulates that no amends made by the sinner can be adequate.
Reason precedes volition.
Reason prescribes the systematization of the knowledge obtained by the understanding.
Reason promulgates laws, and criticizes, tests the validity of, the laws.
Reason provides clarity and understanding, which creates harmony.
Reason reads the natural law in the nature of all things and particularly in the nature of man.
Reason renders only lights.
Reason represents it only as a ground of the properties in limited beings.
Reason requires living up to the consequences of one's views.
Reason reveals permanence, and that which is permanent is true.
Reason revolts against such an idea.
Reason says guns have no place in a genteel and enlightened society like our own.
Reason says slow down.
Reason seeks a profit.
Reason seeks the primordial being to find satisfaction in the unconditioned.
Reason seem beyond one fisher shelf systems.
Reason seems to be in short supply for death penalty opponents.
Reason seems to be lack of building space so they have to double up and have two sets of students.
Reason sees on the limitation.
Reason settle Part among that due beyond whatever dishes.
Reason settles and throws a pink veil across the Milky Way.
Reason shows it to be so.
Reason stands against sensuality and images, but pure intuition directs the untainted reason.
Reason stresses a position of private responsibility, limited government, and individual liberty.
Reason strongly suggests that, until a claim is filed, no case is in fact pending.
Reason suddenly has no authority in defining reality.
Reason suggests caution.
Reason suggests that peace is a better way of life.
Reason suggests they are the products of attractive parents and good nutrition.
Reason taken to extremes becomes unreasonable, and defeats itself.
Reason takes a holiday and demonstrators take to the streets.
Reason takes a second place.
Reason teaches that it is the duty of men, as sinners, to repent of their sins.
Reason tells a person that to stop any negative action a positive action is needed.
Reason therefore is analysed by itself.
Reason too gives evident support to the resurrection of the flesh.
Reason trails mysticism in the millennium publishing sweepstakes.
Reason transforms the work of the imagination into acceptable and logical conse- quences.
Reason understands the laws of things, that is, spirit in nature.
Reason understands the laws of things, that is, the spiritual in nature.
Reason unveils the ideal forms behind appearances.
Reason vanishes in thinking about a great many medical ethics matters.
Reasons abound for divine displeasure.
Reasons are a garden-variety.
Reasons are as follows.
Reasons are as varied as the people making the requests.
Reasons are beside the point.
Reasons are better than excuses.
Reasons are described at the English deletion page.
Reasons are genuine.
Reasons are given for the selection and additional questions are asked, if necessary.
Reasons are given to accept the conclusion .
Reasons are in the internet now.
Reasons are many and complex to say the least.
Reasons are many.
Reasons are more important than results.
Reasons are mostly cost.
Reasons are often simple, and have nothing to do with complicated science.
Reasons are potholes and the quality of the road .
Reasons are potholes and the quality of the road.
Reasons are practical and aesthetic.
Reasons are pretty simple.
Reasons are protection, control and independence.
Reasons are quite simple.
Reasons are recipes for making sense of the world s arrangements and accidents.
Reasons are recipes for making sense of the world's arrangements and accidents. . . .
Reasons are recipes for making sense of the world's arrangements and accidents.
Reasons are security problems for the site but also legal issues.
Reasons are several reefs and a long jetty which shelters the bay.
Reasons are severals.
Reasons are the difference between being interested versus being committed to accomplish something.
Reasons are the works along airport road.
Reasons are too much to ask.
Reasons are unknown.
Reasons are usually for better stability, additional servers, or other beneficial reasons.
Reasons are usually weather-related.
Reasons become excuses.
Reasons being it is much simpler and no running backstays.
Reasons can be a trap.
Reasons can be anything from taking care of their sick children to professional training seminars.
Reasons can be musical, physical, spiritual, or just for fun.
Reasons can even explain the absurd.
Reasons can include lack of access to such a browser or perhaps speed or data restrictions.
Reasons can include program ineligibility, lack of funds, or other causes.
Reasons can range anywhere from enviormental conditions to brain damage.
Reasons can range from the logical to the psycho-logical.
Reasons cited include slow construction of components and continued problems with funding.
Reasons come first, answers come second.
Reasons coming from other MPs give a deal of insight into their difficulties.
Reasons explicitly say, two kinds of things frequently occur together.
Reasons give support for a conclusion.
Reasons given are national security, diplomacy and the interests of the public or state.
Reasons given for the banishment are two-fold.
Reasons given for the decline include lower food service demand and rebounding milk prod.
Reasons given for the increased prices, is the rise in crude oil prices and production costs.
Reasons given in Jacksonville's artistic circles vary widely.
Reasons given include habitat destruction and hunting.
Reasons given include male promiscuity and low condom use.
Reasons humankind tends to congregate in cities.
Reasons just explain why characters act as they do.
Reasons range all the way from economics or timidity to personal comfort considerations.
Reasons range from improved accuracy to direct deposit of refund checks.
Reasons range from offensive language to violence and sexual explicitness.
Reasons range from optimistic baby-boomers, to an incestuous investment community, to small floats.
Reasons range from potential security holes to abuse of resources.
Reasons range from simple denials of claims to overstaying visas.
Reasons range from the simple to the complex, but one thing is certain.
Reasons range from the wrong color and size to an unsuitable temperament or background.
Reasons range from they way different web browsers display pages to the screen resolution one uses.
Reasons revolve around unusual properties of the drug itself.
Reasons run the gamut from panic to inexperience to equipment failure.
Reasons sited for the firing include disputes with the show's producers.
Reasons tend to be false.
Reasons tend to be static, whereas statuses tend to change.
Reasons tied to the exodus are simply abundant.
Reasons vary but one that clearly stands out is the never-ending supply of ad inventory.
Reasons vary for the district's high special education rate.
Reasons vary for the mixed response of governments to the economist's solutions.
Reasons vary from religious to educational and economic ones.
Reasons vary from rule infractions to a mechanical problem that requires immediate attention.
Reasons vary, according to members of the local delegation.
Reasons vary, but mainly revolve around disconnects between expectations and performance.
Reasons vary, but seem to fall into two broad categories.
Reasons vary, but virtually all relate to better serving a client's needs.
Reasons why are endless - the kids, the house, the job, the budget, the love life.
Reasons why are only speculative at best.
Reasons why check engine light goes on and off.
Reasons why demand for money is downward sloping.
Reason always means that someone else has something to say.
Reason always means what someone else has got to say.
Reason always means what someone else has to say.
Reason often enlightens, but it can also corrode.
Reason often makes mistakes, but conscience never does.
All reason is paradigm-dependent.
Any reason is a good reason to go to the Jazz Festival.
Any reason is reason enough.
Every reason helps.
Every reason needs more facts and examples.
Every reason needs support.
Many reasons account for the rise in applicants.
Many reasons are advanced for docking.
Many reasons are possible.
Many reasons are understandable.
Many reasons can lead to the success or failure of the mentioned rehabilitation programmes.
Many reasons come to mind.
Many reasons contribute to such skepticism.
Many reasons contribute to the great increase in case overturnings.
Many reasons exist for drug testing.
Many reasons exist for establishing a comprehensive sign inventory system.
Many reasons exist for faculty and staff giving.
Many reasons exist for maintaining wetlands along streams.
Many reasons exist for placing increased emphasis on transition services.
Many reasons exist for selecting a minor.
Many reasons exist for the success of the two organizations.
Many reasons have been offered, all likely play some role.
Many reasons lead couples to consider reversal of a tubal ligation.
Many reasons lead to the protest.
Many reasons make quick fixes look very appealing.
Many reasons prove that by succeeding from the U.S. they defied the constitution.
Many reasons speak for the second alternative.
Many reasons There is no one explanation.
Most reasons are straightforward.
Some reasons are better than others, none are wrong.
Some reasons are better than others.
Some reasons are legitimate.
Some reasons are more idealistic.
Some reasons are rational but many are irrational.
Some reasons are unimportant or stray off the topic.
Some reasons are vague or unclear.
Some reasons are valid, some are questionable, and some are just irresponsible.
Some reasons are valid, some are questionable.
Some reasons are valid.
Some reasons correspond to bad usage, that is, when the tar command is improperly written.
Some reasons depend on the nature of the business.
Some reasons depend on what type of material the battery is made from.
Some reasons follow.
Some reasons have more to do with furniture than technology.
Some reasons seem just, like logging for fuel wood or for providing labor for migrant workers.
Reasonable accommodation applies to every workplace.
Reasonable accommodation can begin before the show.
Reasonable accommodation can include one of the following categories.
Reasonable accommodation is a concept already familiar to and widely used in today s workplace.
Reasonable accommodation is a concept already familiar to and widely used in today's workplace.
Reasonable accommodation is also available.
Reasonable accommodation is available on request for persons with disabilities.
Reasonable accommodation is available, upon request.
Reasonable accommodation is defined differently depending on the size of the company.
Reasonable accommodation is essential at every stage of employment from application to retirement.
Reasonable accommodation is made for students with disabilities to attain their academic objectives.
Reasonable accommodation is provided for qualified persons with disabilities.
Reasonable accommodation is provided upon request.
Reasonable accommodation is required for students with known disabilities.
Reasonable accommodation is required in the interviewing process.
Reasonable accommodation is simply a modification or adjustment to the way things are usually done.
Reasonable accommodation is usually far less expensive than many people think.
Reasonable accommodation removes workplace barriers for individuals with disabilities.
Reasonable accommodation removes workplace barriers for people with disabilities.
Reasonable accommodations are available for adults with learning disabilities.
Reasonable accommodations are available for any student with a documented disability.
Reasonable accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities.
Reasonable accommodations are available for students who have a documented disability.
Reasonable Accommodations are available for students who have a documented disability.
Reasonable accommodations are available for students who have documented disabilities.
Reasonable accommodations are available for students with physical and learning disabilities.
Reasonable accommodations are available to meet the needs of individuals for assistance.
Reasonable accommodations are available upon request.
Reasonable accommodations are available.
Reasonable accommodations covers a broad range of devices and services.
All reasonable accommodation is made at the adjudication point.
Reasonable additions are vacation and rmail .
Any reasonable adult can explain the difference between medicine and recreation.
Many reasonable answers are acceptable.
Reasonable approximation is in the nature of any scientific study.
Reasonable arguments can be advanced to both viewpoints.
Every reasonable attempt is made to provide needed information.
Reasonable basis exists if the claim is fairly debatable.
Reasonable believability is pretty much a basic necessity for any good movie.
Reasonable bounds reduce the randomness of subject matter.
Reasonable boundaries make children feel secure.
Reasonable business costs Maryland's business tax structure is fair and consistent.
Reasonable care can reduce problems.
Reasonable care is an explicit responsibility on the part of the importer.
Reasonable care is charge
Reasonable care is required in preparing a forecast.
Reasonable care is taken to avoid unnecessary injury to downstream property.
Reasonable care is the shared responsibility of importer and customers.
Reasonable care requires that the trade follow that advice.
Reasonable care varies with the circumstances involved.
Reasonable cause includes inclement weather that has curtailed harvesting operations.
Reasonable cause is established by the office of the dean of students.
Reasonable cause is given to the situations identified below.
Reasonable cause is simply a less rigorous standard than that for probable cause.
Reasonable cause requires the taxpayer to exercise ordinary business care and prudence.
Reasonable changes are usually the case.
Reasonable cleanliness is required.
Some reasonable comments follow.
Reasonable compensation is certainly a matter subject to valuation.
Reasonable compensation is the goal.
Some reasonable compromise is sought.
Reasonable conclusions base on common sense consideration.
Reasonable conclusions base on consideration.
Reasonable condition is relative to our limited finances.
Reasonable consequences are responses to deliberate wrongdoing.
Reasonable costs are consistent with other projects of a similar nature.
Reasonable costs are determined in negotiation between the provider and the state.
Some reasonable cost relates to detection.
Reasonable debt is fine.
Reasonable diligence requires the reading of a contract before signing it.
Reasonable disagreement is fine and a natural part of the political process.
Reasonable discussion is always a good place to start.
Reasonable discussion is usually possible before ore is found.
Reasonable distance is maintained between people.
All reasonable domains hold value.
Reasonable doubt is a doubt based on reason and common sense.
Reasonable doubt is an elusive concept that can be defined differently by reasonable people.
Reasonable doubt is determined by the evidence.
Reasonable doubt is the keystone of the criminal justice system.
Reasonable doubt precludes a favorable recommendation.
Reasonable efficiency is maintained until about twelve processors.
Reasonable effort is used to ensure the factual accuracy of the information.
All reasonable effort is made to hand back the students exams in a timely manner.
All reasonable efforts are to be made by appropriate personnel to implement the program as written.
Every reasonable effort is made regarding course selection to maintain normal academic progress.
Every reasonable effort is made to ascertain the present conditions of observed property.
Every reasonable effort is made to ensure property protection.
Every reasonable effort is made to guarantee privacy.
Every reasonable effort is made to help people avoid becoming crime victims.
Every reasonable effort is made to insure confidentiality.
Every reasonable effort is made to integrate the special populations into the student body.
Every reasonable effort is made to keep our user's information private and secure.
Every reasonable effort is made to lay down a complete trail for each person in the crime.
Every reasonable effort is made to notify enrollees of changes or cancellations.
Every reasonable effort is made to obtain accurate information about our members.
Every reasonable effort is made to present the information as accurately as possible.
Every reasonable effort is made to prevent loss.
Every reasonable effort is made to provide timely and accurate data.
Reasonable engraving is included at no additional cost.
All reasonable enquiries concerning any item on the list are welcome.
Reasonable expectation dictates unremitting rejections.
Reasonable expectations are essential to a happy outcome.
Reasonable expectations are the key to happiness after surgery.
Reasonable expectations lead to reasonable solutions.
Reasonable experience making public presentations is desirable.
Reasonable experience working with the public in a service capacity is necessary.
Reasonable explanations base on evidence.
Reasonable fares are available with new low-cost carriers providing competition on the routes.
Reasonable fees vary with length of program.
Reasonable fishermen have to be ecologically sensitive.
Reasonable gate passes.
Reasonable goals are essential for a happy outcome.
Every reasonable gratification is an important means of recovery . . . .
Reasonable grounds is virtually synonymous with probable cause.
Reasonable health is needed.
Reasonable hope exists to meet all concerns.
Reasonable hospitality is an accepted courtesy of a business relationship.
Reasonable housing is available in the adjacent area.
Reasonable housing is available within walking distance and biking distance of campus.
Reasonable housing represents the greatest cost of living expense and advantage.
Reasonable interpretation lies between two decisions.
Reasonable judgment is needed in evaluating the proximity of required sanitary facilities.
Reasonable latitude is given in terms of language and opinion.
Reasonable laws restrict the criminal mis-use of guns and all instruments.
Some reasonable limits are in order.
All reasonable mail is answered in a timely fashion.
Any reasonable mailer provides it.
Every reasonable man knows that war is cruel and destructive.
Any reasonable method is fine.
Reasonable minds can differ about how various justices have applied the test in various instances.
Reasonable minds can differ.
Reasonable minds can disagree.
Reasonable minds look to other means for survival.
Reasonable mistake is a defence for other people.
Reasonable mistake is an excuse in self-defense.
Reasonable mistake is no defense.
Reasonable neatness is one of the best ways to prevent accidents.
Reasonable negotiation is possible.
Reasonable notice is also essential.
Reasonable notice is presumed to be twenty-four hours, except in the case of an emergency.
Reasonable notice is provided once charges have been determined.
Reasonable notice is required.
Reasonable numbers are necessary for the maintenance of a healthy population.
Reasonable objection is a lovely phrase with holes in it.
Any reasonable paraphrase is acceptable.
Reasonable penmanship saves everybody's time.
Reasonable people adapt themselves to the world.
Reasonable people are concerned about the safety of our youth.
Reasonable people are likely to find common ground on public-policy issues.
Reasonable people base their opinions on facts, however.
Reasonable people can and do disagree about how to improve the state's special education program.
Reasonable people can and do disagree.
Reasonable people can argue about which category racing falls under.
Reasonable people can believe that the officers are innocent of criminal acts.
Reasonable people can certainly disagree regarding such nuances.
Reasonable people can differ about dimpled chads, and even about recount deadlines.
Reasonable people can differ as to what Israel's best course of action is.
Reasonable people can differ in their views of what constitutes fair use.
Reasonable people can differ in their views, and still be polite and respectful to each other.
Reasonable people can differ on policy, of course.
Reasonable people can differ on the details, especially on details of implementation.
Reasonable people can differ on the protection of famous marks.
Reasonable people can differ over the conclusions of careful analysis.
Reasonable people can differ today about the evil of corporate takeover of our democracy.
Reasonable people can disagree about the merit of each proposal.
Reasonable people can disagree about the source of bad relations between people.
Reasonable people can disagree about whether it was right to move the trial to Albany.
Reasonable people can disagree about whether reparations are a good idea.
Reasonable people can disagree as to when exactly it is that life begins.
Reasonable people can disagree on different aspects of the treaty.
Reasonable people can disagree on how they ought to come out.
Reasonable people can disagree on solutions to complex environmental problems.
Reasonable people can disagree on the direction of the development office.
Reasonable people can disagree on what is good or bad.
Reasonable people can disagree over significant issues.
Reasonable people can disagree over the appropriate funding level for the antitrust division.
Reasonable people can disagree over whether it was the correct strategy at the time.
Reasonable people can disagree over whether it was the right strategy at the time.
Reasonable people can disagree without engaging in personal attacks.
Reasonable people can disagree.
Reasonable people can do that.
Reasonable people can make reasonable decisions.
Reasonable people can quibble about the exact size of the gains from a new round.
Reasonable people can quibble over details.
Reasonable people can reasonably disagree.
Reasonable people can work fairly and honorably with one another.
Reasonable people can work out a solution.
Reasonable people deserve reasonable answers.
Reasonable people disagree on profound questions.
Reasonable people disagree over abortion .
Reasonable people disagree over abortion.
Reasonable people know of the great sacrifice made.
Reasonable people know that expectations of chastity until marriage are unrealistic.
Reasonable people look to the future as they remember the past.
Reasonable people ought to be able to disagree and still remain reasonable.
Reasonable people ought to be able to reach agreement through cooperation and compromise.
Reasonable people recognize the real choice.
Reasonable people remember.
Reasonable people see what they are, but it is too late.
Reasonable people seek reasons to direct and justify their decisions.
Reasonable people understand that construction costs vary greatly depending on specifications.
Reasonable people understand what's going on.
More reasonable people use liquid pepper as a condiment for food.
Most reasonable people agree that husbands can and do now shoulder some of that burden.
Most reasonable people agree that killing someone who is mentally ill is wrong.
Most reasonable people agree that there is no one single solution to the school violence problem.
Most reasonable people find values.
Most reasonable people give evidence.
Most reasonable people move on to other endeavors after a few reviews.
Most reasonable people realize that viable ongoing organizations have to bring in revenue.
Most reasonable people shudder, in retrospect, at their adolescence.
Most reasonable people think that means using a loudspeaker.
Most reasonable people understand images.
Some reasonable people disagree.
Reasonable permanence is acceptable.
Reasonable people find values.
Reasonable people give evidence.
Reasonable people understand images.
Any reasonable person can interpret the Bible without any guidance.
Any reasonable person can see that the law, as it exists, is failing.
Any reasonable person can see that.
Any reasonable person can take a look at what's going on right now and come to their own conclusion.
Any reasonable person has to realize that it's the dose that makes a poison.
Any reasonable person understands there is a connection.
Any reasonable person wants to see the world fed and the environment saved.
Reasonable persuasion is the better route.
Reasonable placeboes are as effective as psychotherapy.
Reasonable policies can help, but in time more capacity is the only answer.
Every reasonable precaution is taken but problems do occur.
Every reasonable precaution is taken to insure the health and safety of the performers.
Every reasonable precaution is taken to protect our information.
All reasonable presumptions are to be indulged in favor of arbitration awards.
Reasonable prices are all around.
Reasonable prices are another plus.
Reasonable prices are our policy.
Reasonable prices increase product popularity.
Reasonable prices make for one of the main reasons why foreigners choose our medical services.
Reasonable prices make the hotel popular among people who aim to make efficient use of their money.
Reasonable prices please.
Any reasonable price is accepted.
Reasonable pricing makes a visit to the village more than a window shopping experience.
Reasonable progress is necessary by the learner to maintain enrollment in the program.
Reasonable proof includes documentation from the licensed adoption agency or court documents.
Reasonable protections are essential for the long run.
Reasonable prudence is advised when walking at night.
Reasonable punishment is one of the ways human beings have always learned.
Some reasonable qualifications follow, of course.
Reasonable quantities are available at no charge.
All reasonable questions concerning grading of tests are welcome.
Reasonable rates apply.
Reasonable rates are available to others.
Reasonable rates are dependent on length and frequency of engagement.
Reasonable rates ensure accessibility for everyone.
Reasonable rates make it possible for artists on all levels to produce a quality recording.
Reasonable rates prevail.
Reasonable regulation can make for a healthy market.
Reasonable reliance is a subjective standard.
Reasonable relocation expenses if permanent relocation is required.
Reasonable repairs covers repairs incurred to protect covered property from further damage.
More reasonable response is produced by an exponential local softening law.
Reasonable risks are necessary while in the field.
Reasonable rock stresses.
Reasonable rules make compliance more likely.
Reasonable salaries are deductible.
Reasonable scenarios ascribe the majority of the flux to the white dwarf.
Reasonable solutions are possible to achieve effective yet cost efficient demonstrations.
Reasonable spans are from three to seven with five being optimum.
Reasonable specification is all that the requirement of particularity imposes.
Reasonable speed is necessary to avoid over-heating the samples.
Reasonable standards help protect our spirituality.
Reasonable stress is a good thing because it gets problems solved.
Reasonable subscriptions are available on a monthly or yearly basis.
Reasonable suspicion entails some minimum level of objective justification for making a stop.
Reasonable suspicion entails something more than an unparticularized suspicion or hunch.
Reasonable suspicion is a commonsensical proposition.
Reasonable suspicion is a less demanding standard than probable cause.
Reasonable suspicion is based on the psychotherapist's education and training and experience.
Reasonable suspicion is defined as information from a reliable source.
Reasonable suspicion is more than a hunch.
Reasonable suspicion is more than a mere hunch.
Reasonable suspicion is one step below probable cause and one step above a hunch.
Reasonable suspicion lowers the bar by reducing the expectation of privacy.
Reasonable suspicion requires less certainty than probable cause but more than a mere hunch.
Reasonable suspicion requires something more than a vague or unparticularized suspicion or hunch.
Reasonable tariffs drive through bottle shop.
Reasonable time depends on the nature of the repair.
Reasonable time is defined as one day to make up work for each day of excused absence.
Reasonable titles are clear and descriptive, and they can be searched by programs like Veronica.
Reasonable use includes making only authorized copies of copyrighted or licensed software or data.
Reasonable valuation is also a portfolio management concern, even for Price's more aggressive funds.
Reasonable valuations are now the driving force on stock prices everywhere in the world.
Reasonable ventilation is needed for alcohol burners or bunsen burners.
Reasonable workloads are a necessary condition for quality care.
Reasoned support is provided with examples for outside stakeholder perspectives.
A reasoner is a thinker
Reasoners sometimes operate with hidden agendas or motives.
Every reasoner intues principles with one thought, and the conclusion with another.
Reasoning is thinking.
Reassemble steam locomotives.
Reassessment is a crucial component of the screening process as students return to school.
Reassessment is an assessment
Reassessment is an ongoing process.
Reassessment is by oral examination.
Reassessment is by resubmission of project and oral examination.
Reassessment is essential for successful home care, medical compliance, and stress management.
Reassessment is necessary to reflect the current market value of property.
Reassessment is only available for an ordinary degree.
Reassessment occurs at the end of program enrollment.
Reassessment occurs periodically as new information becomes available and as changes occur.
Reassessment updates the assessed values of all properties in a municipality using a common date.
Reassigned time is a rich source for renewal opportunities.
A reassurance is support
Reassurance also comes from long familiarity with many food organisms.
Reassurance can help an anxious person who feels dizzy.
Reassurance comes in many different forms.
Reassurance desperately needs to be communicated to every child in an age-appropriate manner.
Reassurance helps reduce anxiety related high.
Reassurance is a positive thing.
Reassurance is an appropriate use of telephone triage.
Reassurance is appropriate along with just observation over time.
Reassurance is especially important.
Reassurance is essential during rough moments.
Reassurance is essential.
Reassurance is important, although it can become a drain on the encouragers.
Reassurance is important.
Reassurance is just a phone call away.
Reassurance is key and can be communicated by promoting the company's heritage.
Reassurance is necessary to confirm that there are no serious unwanted effects.
Reassurance is needed above all in their approaches to the young as learners.
Reassurance is often the only treatment that is required.
Reassurance Is Possible.
Reassurance is recommended in both situations.
Reassurance is the best help for parents.
Reassurance is the best response.
Reassurance is the most important of the four.
Reassurance is very effective in calming anxiety and often alone can improve the problem.
Reassurance is worth a lot.
Reassurance needs to be forthcoming, as does honesty.
Reassurances are hard to come by.
Reassurances are important, too.
Reassurances are important.
Reassurances are support.
Reassurances confirm with detailed descriptions, awe, blessing, gratitude.
Reaville soils are on interfluves with very little dissection.
Rebatable arbitrage is treated as a reduction of revenue.
Some rebate cards assess an annual fee and they often have above-average APRs.
Most rebate offers are of the mail-in variety.
Rebate amounts accrue on a credit card account when the credit card is used to make purchases.
Rebate is a groove
Rebate is refunds.
Rebate offer determined by order date.
Rebate offer valid for customers in the USA only.
Rebate offer valid when purchasing through participating ISPs.
Rebate varies by region.
Rebates also apply to superannuation.
Rebates also offer some interesting cash flow opportunities for manufacturers.
Rebates apply to futures transactions only.
Rebates apply to goods purchased for use outside Canada and removed from Canada.
Rebates apply to new equipment only.
Rebates are a bad deal because there is always a catch.
Rebates are a bad idea anyway.
Rebates are a loophole big enough for the space shuttle.
Rebates are a normal and legal part of doing business in a competitive environment.
Rebates are also available for buying fireplace inserts.
Rebates are also available on numerous other heating systems.
Rebates are also available.
Rebates are also subject to funding availability.
Rebates are an incredibly popular way of discounting computer stuff.
Rebates are available for Lexmark printers, print servers and printer options.
Rebates are available for nonmembers.
Rebates are available for the purchase of up to two vehicles per year per metered electric account.
Rebates are available from selected health funds.
Rebates are available from selected private health funds.
Rebates are available in the U.S. and Canada only.
Rebates are available on most meters.
Rebates are available on volume purchases - please enquire .
Rebates are available only for the return of a complete and reusable tape set.
Rebates are available only upon request during a limited time period.
Rebates are available to all customers.
Rebates are available to all locations, both city and country.
Rebates are available to the city of Boulder water customers only.
Rebates are available.
Rebates are computer audited.
Rebates are for customer of dealer and vary by model and region.
Rebates are good only on front-load models.
Rebates are in addition to any special discounts offered by the cruise line.
Rebates are in the form of percentages or fixed dollar amounts.
Rebates are incentives offered by vendors to encourage the purchase of goods from that vendor.
Rebates are limited to one rate card level.
Rebates are limited to one rebate per household, name and address.
Rebates are limited to residential customers only.
Rebates are only available for the replacement of older, inefficient gas equipment.
Rebates are part of the dealership's discount.
Rebates are partial refunds offered by retailers of expensive products.
Rebates are really a form of government spending.
Rebates are refunds to customers who buy certain products during a specific period.
Rebates are retroactive to when a dealership achieved certification.
Rebates are slow.
Rebates are standard practice for most school photographers.
Rebates are still available from some utilities as value-added incentives to retain customers.
Rebates are subject to change or cancellation without notice.
Rebates are subject to funding availability.
Rebates are subject to manufacturer's restrictions.
Rebates are valid for two months from the issue date.
Rebates Buy now, save later.
Rebates can take the form of either direct cash back or low-rate financing offers.
Rebates do the opposite.
Rebates ease the costs for solar pioneers.
Rebates get more complex by the day.
Rebates have no stimulative impact on the economy.
Rebates have to go through a validation process which can vary in time to complete.
Rebates listed are national rebates.
Rebates only avaialable through participating offices .
Rebates provide a recent case in point.
Rebates reduce the amount paid for fuel and hence the amount claimable as a deduction.
Rebates refunds to consumers after a purchase.
Rebates vary based on current vehicle ownership.
Rebates vary by merchant.
Rebates vary per program and some restrictions apply.
Rebates usually diminish a vehicle's resale value dollar for dollar.
All rebates are subject to change at any time at the discretion of the manufacturer.
All rebates are subject to change.
All rebates are subject to specific program requirements and rules.
All rebates are the same everywhere all the time.
Any rebates provided are subject to satisfaction of applicable qualification rules.
Many rebates have a limit on the number of claims that can be submitted on a single promotion.
Most rebates are full rebates.
Most rebates use the mail service.
Some rebates are in the form of cash and others are in free educational technology.
Some rebates are instant cash that can be redeemed immediately at the checkout counter.
Rebel forces are suspicious and afraid to give up their weapons.
Rebel forces backed by Rwanda and Uganda occupy more than half of the Congolese territory.
Rebel forces buy arms with diamonds.
Rebel forces enter the table too close to the plain.
Rebel forces say they're fighting for greater rights for the ethnic Albanian minority in Macedonia.
Rebel groups provide effective goods and services in countries, as in Somalia.
Rebel groups refuse to acknowledge the results.
Rebel pilot is of a race other than white.
A rebel is a person
A rebel is a radical
Rebel does show a different era.
Rebels achieves much of that same feeling of quickly dashed elation.
Rebels also kill and rob the defenceless population.
Rebels are creative because rebels want to be different.
Rebels are great they promote change.
Rebels are in control of the Eastern towns, and there is growing dissent in the rest of the country.
Rebels are just as trendy as the rest of the world.
Rebels are like any other army in that, given the strength, they too can build generals and forts.
Rebels are mainly in the urban areas.
Rebels are mainly in urban areas.
Rebels are often prophets.
Rebels begin to skedaddle.
Rebels breed rebels.
Rebels buy the most records.
Rebels campaigning for independence for Western Sahara from Morocco oppose the race.
Rebels can change the course of history, sometimes for good, sometimes for ill.
Rebels commonly use children to cook, clean and carry ammunition.
Rebels commonly use children to cook, clean and carry supplies.
Rebels continue their search at a platform with various cargo operations underway.
Rebels continue to retreat south.
Rebels continue to sporadically make incursions across the border into Guinea.
Rebels continue to withdraw.
Rebels control most of the country.
Rebels deny claims they have killed Rwandan refugees.
Rebels dispute the crossing of the river.
Rebels flank our left but darkness prevents being routed and stampeded.
Rebels force Moscow to change tactics.
Rebels guard coca fields and drug labs and shoot down government helicopters and fumigation planes.
Rebels have a reputation as entrepreneurs, visionaries and creative thinkers, the author says.
Rebels have a simple mission.
Rebels have no support from the Dagestani population and nothing to show for their campaign so far.
Rebels have time on their side, and guards anywhere get lax.
Rebels launch attacks.
Rebels launch two new attacks near Guinea border.
Rebels learn where the holes are, where the rules can best be breached.
Rebels look glum.
Rebels making almost daily mortar attacks and shootings surround Macedonia's second largest city.
Rebels overpower the ship and sail it to the Bahamas where they are greeted as heroes.
Rebels pay dearly.
Rebels return fire.
Rebels run to victory Two down, one to go.
Rebels say approval of the bill is the key to peace.
Rebels say government burns villages in attack.
Rebels say there is no going back.
Rebels seize a frontier post.
Rebels shell the presidential palace in Dushanbe, Tajikistan, before being driven into the hills.
Rebels stab two convicts to death.
Rebels start gaining national prominence.
Rebels still manage to attack camps, despite their proximity to army installations.
Rebels stop cars to hunt for potential kidnap victims.
Rebels struggle in singles, advance in doubles.
Rebels tells the story of America's most creative and unyielding labor revolutionaries.
Rebels tend to be rebels in every sphere.
Rebels urge villagers to abandon their homes, harvests and livestock.
Rebels use terror to control the countryside where diamonds are mined.
Rebels use the remote area between Panama and Venezuela to smuggle weapons and other equipment.
Most rebels escape, but many are killed.
A rebellion is a struggle
Rebellion begins by Casamance separatists.
Rebellion breaks out in north.
Rebellion brings destruction.
Rebellion can be a positive stage of change to gain autonomy if used in a constructive manner.
Rebellion can be fun, and humor subversive.
Rebellion can never again arise.
Rebellion can sometimes be a good thing.
Rebellion ceases and harmony follows.
Rebellion destroys unity among the brethren.
Rebellion forces people into a wilderness experience .
Rebellion has nothing to do with politics, power, violence.
Rebellion indefatigably confronts evil.
Rebellion is a bum trip and no one has time for losers.
Rebellion is a choice all have made.
Rebellion is a crime defined and penalized under Revised Penal Code.
Rebellion is a great site though and one that is constantly changing.
Rebellion is a natural response to tyranny.
Rebellion is a normal part of growing up.
Rebellion is a result of pride.
Rebellion is a serious problem in Christendom.
Rebellion is a sin.
Rebellion is a wargame.
Rebellion is an American trait.
Rebellion is an engaging wargame.
Rebellion is as the sin of divination.
Rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubborness is as iniquity and idolatry.
Rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft.
Rebellion is at the surface.
Rebellion is disguised as capable and spiritual leadership.
Rebellion is ended by troops from Pennsylvania.
Rebellion is in the air.
Rebellion is laudable if it results in making more money for the company.
Rebellion is like the sin of divination and arrogance like the evil of idolatry.
Rebellion is like the sin of divination.
Rebellion is more likely to take a subtler form.
Rebellion is pass .
Rebellion is punished and virtually pointless.
Rebellion is the aggressive, dangerous, playful attack by free-spirited individuals against society.
Rebellion is the first sign of autonomous thinking.
Rebellion is the mark of youth as the millennia-old cliche goes.
Rebellion is the mother of wrong actions.
Rebellion is the necessary result of injustice.
Rebellion is the opposite of the trust and obedience of faith.
Rebellion is the spice of life, but too much of any spice ruins the soup.
Rebellion is threatened.
Rebellion is ugly.
Rebellion is what caused the fall of Lucifer.
Rebellion keeps a child from being able to focus on academic achievement.
Rebellion leads some into a marital mismatch.
Rebellion leads to rejection.
Rebellion means freedom.
Rebellion really captures how teens feel and think.
Rebellion recreates the apocalyptic battles fought between humans and Cybrids.
Rebellion requires organization, huge masses of people, and the widespread use of arms.
Rebellion reveals heart issues.
Rebellion runs in the human familiy.
Rebellion runs in the human family.
Rebellion takes no thinking at all.
Rebellion tends to sullen loutishness.
Rebellions are books.
Rebellions are conflict.
Rebellions are logical.
Rebellions are resistance.
Rebellion often brings harrowing consequences, from loss of friends or a job to jail.
Rebellion often results from strict punishment.
All rebellion has pride behind it.
Most rebellions are ostensibly in pursuit of a cause, supported by a narrative of grievance.
Rebellious groups struggle against the chains under which they are held in servitude.
Some rebellious ones go to law school.
Rebellious rivalry takes many forms.
Rebellious style remains the enemy of revolution.
Rebellious unbelief comes from sin.
Rebellious uprisings range from religious to economical.
Rebellious youth are everywhere.
Rebelliousness is a trait
Rebelliousness is simply distraction.
Reblended paint is a good-grade paint often used for graffiti abatement.
Reblended paint is re-mixed, screened and packaged for distribution.
Rebound congestion means even greater nasal stuffiness after the medication wears off.
Rebound tenderness is a sign of peritonitis.
Rebound tenderness is an ominous sign that implies peritonitis secondary to perforation.
Rebound tenderness is noted on physical examination.
Rebound tenderness is pain
Rebound tenderness is tenderness.
A rebound is movement
Rebound are catchs.
Rebound are films.
Rebound are part of basketball.
Rebound are reaction.
Rebounds are an effort thing.
Rebounds are chronic daily headaches caused by taking too much pain relief medicine for too long.
Rebounds give UK edge .
Rebounds take a little more effort.
Rebounds often carom long off the rim from a team that sets up from sideline to sideline.
Any rebound is considered live and in play.
Many rebounds fall on the side opposite the shot.
A reboxetine is an antidepressant drug
Reboxetine increases the amount of noradrenaline in the brain.
Reboxetine is clearly effective in both the short and the long term compared with placebo.
Reboxetine is used to help the symptoms of anxiety and a number of other symptoms.
Reboxetine is used to improve mood in people who are feeling low or depressed.
Reboxetine only effects the adrenaline system.
Reboxetine seems to be an option for the treatment of bulimia nervosa.
Reboxetine seems to work by increasing noradrenergic availability.
Reboxetines are antidepressant.
Reboxetines are drugs.
Rebroadcast agreements are important, but our own transmission arrangements are vital.
A rebuff is offense
Rebuffs come in variety of styles, from the pleasant refusal to the distinctly rude.
More rebuild information is here .
Most rebuild shops contract out hydraulic work.
Rebuilt depot contains artifacts and HO scale railroad.
Rebuilt parts are less risky than used ones, but they are generally more expensive.
Rebuilt parts are part of repair as well as reuse.
Rebuilt parts are readily available through auto parts stores.
A rebuke is criticism
Rebukes are a very hard thing to receive.
Rebukes are criticism.
Rebukes are the purifiers which keep spiritual passion clear and forceful . . .
Rebukes hurt, but they are helpful.
Rebus books allow a child to take an active role in the process.
Rebus stories use pictures in place of some of the words.
A rebus is a problem
Rebuses look like they'd be easy because they're so short.
Rebuttable presumption remains in place.
Rebuttable presumptions shift the burden of proof.
All rebuttal comments are due.
Rebuttal evidence is permitted.
Rebuttal speeches are for evaluating the arguments made in the constructive speeches.
A rebuttal is a pleading
Rebuttals are crucial.
Rebuttals are limited to one minute.
Rebuttals are refutation.
Rebuttals are what the forum is about.
Rebuttals can correct such erroneous interpretations.
Most rec boats have inadequate floatation.
REC forms are available at reference and circulation service desks.
REC forms are available at reference and circulation services desks.
Rec groups deal with the arts, hobbies and recreation.
Recall bias is probably the study's most significant bias.
Recall bias is where women incorrectly recall having performed breast self-examination.
Recall bias makes most retrospective studies worthless.
Recall factor is the percentage of calls which immediately retry if their calls are blocked.
Recall information read and summarize a story.
Recall memory can also let people down when it comes to the initiation of activity.
Recall memory is a much deeper level of memory .
Recall petitions imply that one is being a sore loser.
Recall search displays a list of saved searches.
A recall is a request
Recall attributes according to the time of occurrence or time of registration.
RecAll is a recorder which can be sound-activated .
RecAll is a sound-activated .wav recorder.
Recall locks the verse in much more than repetition.
Recalls also suggest improvements that can be made to improve the safety of a particular vehicle.
Recalls apply to all patron types.
Recalls are actions taken by a firm to remove a product from the market.
Recalls are all about safety.
Recalls are available to faculty, students and staff only.
Recalls are calls.
Recalls are commercial activities.
Recalls are memory.
Recalls are often books that are in high demand for assessed course-work.
Recalls are often too late.
Recalls are requests made by the lending library to the borrowing library.
Recalls are requests.
Recalls are usually available within ten days.
Recalls are voluntary actions taken by the industry.
Recalls can take up to three weeks.
Recalls customarily involve providing a new tire free to consumers.
Recalls depend on the cooperation of all library borrowers to make the system work.
Recalls Find updates on the latest product recalls.
Recalls Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Recalls never expire.
Recalls require early return of materials and carry high fines.
Recalls shorten a semester checkout to a period ending three weeks after the original checkout date.
Recalls take priority over holds.
All recalls are voluntary.
Many recalls result from the manufacturer's response to owner complaints.
Most recalls stem from situations that have only a remote chance of harming a recipient.
Some recalls are more effective than others, however.
Some recalls hold up under all scrutiny and appear genuine.
Recalled files remember the window position and size for each link.
Recalled forces go back to Active box.
Recalled information is written on the chalkboard.
Recalled items are due as requested.
Recalled items are due immediately.
Recalled items are due on the recall due date.
Recalled items have a new and earlier due date and a high fine if returned after the new due date.
Recalled materials are due in ten days.
Recalled materials are due on the new due date indicated on the recall notice.
Recalled memories tumble with sense and grace.
Recalled products pose a threat of injury or death.
Recalled units have a U-shaped stake.
Recallings are calling.
A recap is a rubber tire
Recaps are available by client and by job.
Recaps are nothing new, but recaps written by a cast member on the show are.
Recaps are simple but powerful motivators.
Recaps Get the week in review and previews.
Recapitulated quotes show the price and the net change in price.
Recapitulation requires both retention of the ancestral features and change.
Recaptive slaves begin to arrive.
A recapture is recovery
Recapture can occur in any tax year of the recovery period.
Recapture is triggered if there is a change in use of the elected property.
Recaptures are recovery.
Recaptures are seizures.
Recast bronze has solid marble base.
Recast measures are under way in the backroom too.
A recce is information gathering
Recces have the advantage over transects that a much larger area can be covered more quickly.
A receipt is a getting
Receipt dates outside the effective dates require compliance approval.
Receipt is considered delivery to 'delivery address' given by customer or collection from carrier.
Receipt is for money sent home.
Receipt is irregular.
Receipt is line-item specific, allowing complex returns of multiple items.
Receipt is made with respect to a foreign cash transaction.
Receipt is necessary.
Receipt is needed.
Receipt is proof of residency.
Receipt is recorded, a due date is calculated and, if applicable, the interest payment is computed.
Receipt is required for admission to testing.
Receipt is required.
Receipt is the means of servicing the receipt of money.
Receipt is valid for seven days.
Receipt is written in French.
Receipt requirements The commercial establishment's original receipt is required.
Receipts acknowledging donations are available.
Receipts also can help answer questions about the club's income and expenses.
Receipts are acknowledgment.
Receipts are available at the check-out desk.
Receipts are available at the course.
Receipts are available at the luncheon.
Receipts are available at the Periodicals Desk.
Receipts are available for cash gifts if requested at the time such offerings are made.
Receipts are available for tax purposes.
Receipts are available for tax rebates.
Receipts are available from the village office.
Receipts are available in an envelope on the wall.
Receipts are available on request.
Receipts are available upon request at the test site.
Receipts are available upon request for reimbursement purposes.
Receipts are available upon request.
Receipts are available when the item is returned to the circulation desk.
Receipts are available.
Receipts are down substantially.
Receipts are especially important for big ticket items such as computers and large appliances.
Receipts are evidence of how the funds have been handled.
Receipts are for delivery of the delinquent.
Receipts are generic, with no store logo.
Receipts are helpful in establishing the items' original value.
Receipts are in cash, and employees are paid at the end of one or two weeks.
Receipts are in whole dollar amounts.
Receipts are located in cabinets.
Receipts are located in drawers.
Receipts are located in pockets.
Receipts are mostly for taxes.
Receipts are necessary for reimbursement.
Receipts are necessary.
Receipts are net after deductions for refunds and allowances for merchandise returned by customers.
Receipts are official documents.
Receipts are on schedule.
Receipts are optional.
Receipts are original.
Receipts are purely revenue transactions while sales credits are negative expenditures.
Receipts are so far disappointing.
Receipts are the biggest thing.
Receipts are the gross returns from production.
Receipts are to be accumulated and retained with fund for subsequent reimbursement.
Receipts are to be deposited intact on a daily basis.
Receipts are to be issued in numeric sequence and the numeric sequence is to be strictly controlled.
Receipts are to be issued to purchasers for each sale.
Receipts are to be kept on file.
Receipts are to be obtained and attached to the travel voucher .
Receipts are to be presented to the instructor.
Receipts are to be provided, when available.
Receipts are to be retained for six years after the end of the current fiscal year.
Receipts are to be securely attached and organized in the same order as the spread sheet.
Receipts are to be used in numerical order.
Receipts are used to show or prove that someone has got or received something.
Receipts are valid for up to one year.
Receipts are valid until midnight of the date of issue.
Receipts are vital to completing a travel voucher and receiving reimbursement for all expenses.
Receipts excludes all revenue collected for local, state, and federal taxes.
Receipts go a long way towards getting a claim paid.
Receipts go for maintenance and upkeep.
Receipts go into the revenue sharing fund.
Receipts go to the museum's restoration and renovation fund.
Receipts have a nice illustration on left side.
Receipts increase receipts to date.
Receipts increase the cash balance on selected funds.
Receipts jump from stack to stack.
Receipts serve as certification in disputes.
Receipts show incorrect tax or no sales tax.
Receipts show payee's name, date, amount paid, description of transaction, and certification.
All receipts are available along with detailed spread sheet on costs.
All receipts are available.
All receipts are for the merit in propagating dharma.
All receipts are subject to sampling, except information documents.
All receipts are to be deposited each business day.
All receipts are to be printed at the time money is received.
All receipts are to be remitted to the conference.
All receipts go toward medical care and food for the shelter ferrets.
All receipts issued are to be recorded in a cash receipts journal.
All receipts reflect an itemized description of grades and weights of our top quality merchandise.
Every receipt helps no matter how small or large.
Every receipt is accompanied by a proper document.
Every receipt shows the balance left in the account.
Most receipts are for the purchase of diapers and baby wipes, so there's really nothing interesting.
Most receipts confirm only the fact that cash was paid or an item delivered.
Receivable turnover is below the industry average and well above the market average.
Receive buffers accept data on all ports simultaneously.
Receive buffers are buffers used to receive incoming data from the modem port.
Receive coils located in both panels detect the signal reradiated from a tag.
Receive command has options to either append or overwrite existing files.
Receive confirmation be e-mail for fastest service.
Receive data is taken from the dicriminator output.
All receive data is returned to the user in the same order as received.
Receive materials lumber nails and oats.
Receive paper resumes within one business day.
Receive parking passes when needed.
Receive soccer results through SMS at real-time.
Receive staff reports on zoning related issues.
Receive treatments have pain.
Most receive treatments have pain.
Received bachelors degree in foreign languages.
Received bachelors degree with honors.
Received data are available at three minute updates, twenty four hours a day.
Received data is calculated by the method of least squares according to computer process.
Received data is decrypted, verified, and decompressed, then delivered to higher-level clients.
Received faxes are free as well.
Received files are automatically de-compressed.
Received income is partly tax-free for a designated period of years.
Received information is the recovered constellation, deformed by noise and other channel effects.
Received knowers feel that authorities are sources of truth.
Received knowers have a difficult time growing and evolving the self.
Received knowers rely on words of others as concrete and dualistically right or wrong.
Received lines are like links in a chain.
Received opinion is that hair loss is in proportion to intelligence.
Received opinion varies widely, depending upon which group is being investigated.
Received sheet are correct and complete.
Received signals differ from transmitted ones, due to transmission impairments.
All receiver functions are accessible through seven simplified on-screen menus.
All receiver functions are controllable except headphone volumes.
A receiver is a set
Receiver accepts gimbal rod butt.
Receiver appears to function normally.
Receiver assumes all responsibility for the compliance with engineering practices.
Receiver catches ball and holds that position until next command.
Receiver catches the ball and goes through the same routine.
Receiver chimes and flashes whenever monitored item is moved.
Receiver comes complete with DC power supplies.
Receiver comes with a built in omni-directional antenna.
Receiver delivers a static shock that dogs find undesirable.
Receiver enjoys the animation.
Receiver gives up.
Receiver have nothing to do with the lost necessary e-mail.
Receiver includes right and left rails installed.
Receiver is also available separately.
Receiver is approx.
Receiver is crystal controlled superheterodyne design.
Receiver is factory grooved to accept optical-sight mounts.
Receiver is made of die-cast metal and is scope ready with a dovetail mount.
Receiver is off the hook.
Receiver is one of the biggest areas of concern.
Receiver is ready for observations.
Receiver is responsible for all exported content.
Receiver is responsible for outgoing bank charges and incoming duty and taxes.
Receiver is scope ready with a dovetail mount.
Receiver is warped.
Receiver isa equipment.
Receiver loses synchronization when bits become garbled.
Receiver makes it easy to use and track.
Receiver needs re-init and new memory loaded.
Receiver objects then ask to be put on the notification list.
Receiver receives frames and detects frame transmission errors.
Receiver receives kinematic data of signs and displays avatar.
Receiver recomputes the checksum and compares it with the received value.
Receiver recomputes the remainder.
Receiver recovers the info from the signal to reproduce the original info.
Receiver rests gently against the ear.
Receiver retains most of original lacquer.
Receiver retaliates by mind-reading.
Receiver shows forging line marks.
Receiver takes more than two steps with the ball.
Receiver takes ownership.
Receiver turns off when one station is activated.
Receiver verifies the checksum.
Receiver works out pickup.
Receiver yaps it up.
Receivers acknowledge the successful receipt of a message.
Receivers are able to dive, hop, and burst with speed for that touchdown.
Receivers are also FreeBSD routers connected to the satellite network and to a local network.
Receivers are also surprisingly simple, as almost no analogue signal processing is required.
Receivers are another story, and here's where the options add up.
Receivers are at destination points.
Receivers are available at the box office.
Receivers are available at the Guest Relations lobby.
Receivers are available for checkout at the box office.
Receivers are by definition a very good value.
Receivers Are Difficult To Use, But It Can Be Done.
Receivers are expensive and sales slow.
Receivers are football players.
Receivers are for civilian use.
Receivers are in and ready.
Receivers are inexperienced and unproven.
Receivers are located near stock.
Receivers are low stressed devices and highly reliable.
Receivers are only keen on recovering debts than ensuring business survival and growth.
Receivers are part of telephones.
Receivers are reluctant to complain about poor performance, however, for fear of retaliation.
Receivers are sets.
Receivers are somehow or other thieves, too.
Receivers are switchable between two channels.
Receivers are talented.
Receivers are tennis players.
Receivers are transducers.
Receivers can assist by active listening, sensitivity, indicating a medium, and initiating feedback.
Receivers can be in multiple groups.
Receivers can be rack mounted with optional kit.
Receivers can be single freq.
Receivers can have different types of output configurations.
Receivers can model it to a few centimeters knowing only the altitude.
Receivers can pick up their money in local currency in minutes.
Receivers can select a transmitter with a radio-like frontend by tuning in on a station.
Receivers Click on a brand name for a detailed description.
Receivers come in many sizes and with a variety of functions and costs.
Receivers come in many sizes and with a variety of functions.
Receivers complain that defenders are getting away with too much contact.
Receivers differ in their knowledge, skill, and motivations.
Receivers drop balls.
Receivers experience everything to which they are tuned, and transmissions run constantly.
Receivers get the ball quicker.
Receivers have (part) aerials.
Receivers have (part) antennas.
Receivers have (part) bases.
Receivers have (part) circuits.
Receivers have (part) electron tubes.
Receivers have (part) resistors.
Receivers have (part) sections.
Receivers have (part) vacuum tubes.
Receivers have a listening button and a volume control.
Receivers have both power and RF activity indication and RF signal audio output.
Receivers have cheap clocks.
Receivers have sensors.
Receivers have to want the ball more than the defense.
Receivers initiate and maintain the resource reservation for a flow.
Receivers know where they're going.
Receivers Listen well.
Receivers monitor the medium to check that idle pulses are received.
Receivers negotiate meaning in media.
Receivers occupy each station for a few minutes.
Receivers open that named queue to remove messages for further processing.
Receivers output their data under some serial line signalling standard.
Receivers periodically retransmit their reservation messages to remind routers of their reservation.
Receivers rely on silicon detectors.
Receivers remove the initial dot from any line that begins with a dot.
Receivers report break errors as framing error.
Receivers require a finite amount of time to recover from saturation.
Receivers start in a two point stance and run across the field at half speed.
Receivers still have to be installed.
Receivers take the digital bitstream from the DVD player and decode it into something audible.
Receivers tend to treat e-mail like a paper document.
Receivers then adjust their reception rate by simply joining and leaving multicast groups.
Receivers then authenticate themselves in one of several ways before viewing a message.
Receivers unload palletized incoming product by hand and place it on a conveyor.
Receivers use a group membership protocol to inform the network when they wish to join a group.
Receivers use electrical energy.
Receivers use energy.
Receivers work on differing types of fees.
Receivers sometimes switch the hand they're holding the ball with.
All receivers add random noise to the signals they pick up.
All receivers are also grounded to the multicoupler and the house power ground.
All receivers feel they are open on every play.
All receivers have a place in leagues.
All receivers have fittings, such as inlet and outlet connections and drain connections and valves.
All receivers have two polarizations, connected to a digital spectrometer.
All receivers regularly participate in tipped ball and fumble recovery drills.
Every receiver delivers a certain amount of watts to all connecting speakers.
Every receiver gets the same data.
Every receiver is a potential transmitter.
Every receiver knows the giver took the time and energy to care.
Every receiver wants to contribute with yards and catches.
Many receivers automatically select mono or stereo.
Most receivers calculate a horizontal position after they acquire three satellites.
Most receivers have a similar command.
Most receivers have audio carriers for signal.
Most receivers have outputs and inputs as well to accommodate connections to and from VCRs.
Most receivers have sensors.
Most receivers say they want to get a feel for the game.
Most receivers use electrical energy.
Most receivers use energy.
Some receivers accept special map cartridges with more detailed maps of specific areas.
Some receivers allow storing of mode, receiver bandwidth, etc., in addition to frequency.
Some receivers can then convert the latitude and longitude into other coordinate system values.
Some receivers have a function just for that.
Some receivers have a wide array of other maps stored in memory or can download detail maps.
Some receivers rely on speed.
Recency effects are less common than primacy effects.
Recency effects disappear when the context shifts.
Recency effects occur at the end of a sequence.
A recency is timing
Recency can often be of extreme importance.
Recency is a key factor in mailing lists.
Recency is another important factor.
Recency is recent teaching experience OR college hours.
Recency is the last item - the final piece of testimony, the closing argument.
Recency is the most powerful predictor of future behavior.
Recency is the number one most powerful predictor of future behavior.
Recency is thought to be the best indicator, followed by frequency and then monetary value.
Recency is usually a more powerful a discriminator than frequency.
Recency refers to how recently the credit offense occurred.
Recency refers to the last time that the customer ordered or responded to an offer.
Recent abstracts are searchable online.
Some recent abstracts are available in the abstracts document.
Recent accidents are vivid reminders of both.
Recent accounts receivable and accounts payable agings.
More recent accounts give different numbers.
Recent acquaintances express excessive affection for a wealthy older person.
Recent acquisitions achieve asset diversification, revenue growth.
Recent acquisitions are uncataloged.
Recent acquisitions emphasize multicultural education and the environment.
Recent acquisitions focus on paintings and sculpture by contemporary Bay Area artists.
Recent action has the earmarks of redemptions and forced margin call selling.
Recent actions attest to the chamber's commitment.
Some recent actions seem to focus only on the bottom line, rather than the good of the troops.
Recent activities screen.
Recent activity indicates the stakes are rising.
Recent activity involves measuring and studying the impact of ship effluents on cloud properties.
Recent activity is summarized below.
More recent activities are in bold.
Most recent ads are at the bottom of the page.
Most recent ads seem to be placed at the bottom, however.
Recent additions allow team room to maneuver.
Recent additions appear in green.
Recent additions are a cob patio wall with bread oven and a cob playhouse for children.
Recent additions are at the bottom of the list.
Recent additions are at the top of each category.
Recent additions are in bold .
Recent additions are mostly to printing and saving which mostly work fine.
Recent additions are shown with an asterisk and a brief description of features is provided here. .
Recent additions are the new adjustable oil tube dipsticks.
Recent additions are two parking lots, a sprinkler system, and a picnic shelter.
Recent additions are vegan desserts like tofu cheesecake.
Recent additions highlight the breadth of the web's potential.
Recent additions make getting a decent ticket fairly easy.
Many recent additions have information of interest to the architectural and engineering profession.
More recent additions are place on top.
Most recent addition has date in large bold text.
Most recent addition is online mortgage co. recently aligned with Internet.
Most recent additions appear at the top.
Most recent additions appear at top of each list.
Most recent additions are at the top of the list.
Most recent additions are at the top.
Most recent additions are on top.
Most recent additions are one being made of brass and another of bronze.
Most recent additions are top of the list.
Most recent additions boggle the mind.
Recent advances allow the solution of much larger shell model problems.
Recent advances highlight the magnitude and rapidity of developments in the field of cybernetics.
Recent advances make the problem look more feasible than it was in earlier years.
Recent advances offer considerable help.
Recent advances suggest that it is more than a simple disturbance in neurotransmission.
Some recent advances are as follows.
Recent agreements continue the trend of adding costs to the system without adding additional care.
Recent alluvium consists of silt deposited during floods.
Recent alumni gather at Washington, DC area alumni reception.
Recent alumni gather to network and discuss careers in the arts.
Recent amputees suffer the same disconcerting period of adjustment.
Recent analyses show an increasing probability of power outages in the next few years.
More recent analyses suggest somewhat lower costs.
More recent analyses suggest that it is a very primitive titanosaur .
Recent announcement states that they are now making their bar available to use worldwide.
Recent announcements mean additional benefits for northwestern Ontario.
Any recent announcement is placed here.
Most recent announcements appear first.
Most recent announcements are at the top of the page.
Some recent announcements provide for development of a number of industrywide XML standards.
Recent applications are for planarization in semiconductor manufacturing.
More recent applications deal with o-minimal structures and lower bounds in complexity theory.
More recent approaches incorporate ideas from the ergodic theory of dynamical systems.
Recent archives are available online.
More recent archives are on the mailing list web page .
Most recent archive is at top.
Most recent archive is located here .
Recent area changes in southern forest ownerships and cover types.
Recent arrivals are at the end of the last file.
Recent arrivals are more likely to be Asian or Hispanic.
Recent arrivals have no access to family and informal or formal community networks of employers.
Many recent arrivals are refugee claimants and are permitted to work until their hearing.
More recent art includes abstract paintings of an exquisite lushness of colour.
More recent art is featured here.
Most Recent art works.
More recent artefacts inspired by the queen include ceramics, jewellery and early watches.
Recent articles appear complete.
Recent articles are also available in full-text online.
Recent articles are available on-line.
Recent articles are in the fields of contracts, torts, property, and law and economics.
Recent articles are more timely than books.
Recent articles cover education, divorce, music, and women's issues.
Recent articles discuss campus crime and prescription drug use with other substances.
Recent articles discuss issues.
Recent articles discuss moving with cats and bringing a puppy into a cat household.
Recent articles discuss oil pipelines in Ecuador, forestry in Guatemala, and Nafta.
Recent articles support the debtor's contention.
Many recent articles are available full-text.
Many recent articles are available in full-text format.
More recent articles appear before older ones within each category.
Most recent article is displayed first.
Most recent articles are at top of lists.
Most recent articles are available full-text.
Most recent articles are available in full text online.
Most recent articles discuss issues.
Some recent articles are also available for browsing on the web.
Some recent articles are available full text.
Some recent articles are available full-text online.
Some recent articles are available full-text.
Some recent articles are available in full-text.
Some recent articles give advice on using the system.
Recent attacks show importance of assessing insurers' ability to pay.
Recent attacks show that viruses are getting harder to keep at bay and harder to kill.
Recent attention tends to focus only on the second.
Many recent authors use 'hegemony' to describe America's relationship to the rest of the world.
Many recent authorities believe that protoplasm is highly variable in structure.
Recent avalanches indicate dangerous conditions.
Recent banners mention an economical breakfast special.
Recent basin tests with photos are now online.
Recent biographies reveal the subtleties and rich details surrounding Pollock.
Recent bombs are black and stand out from the brown colour of older lava.
Recent books advocating a low carbohydrate intake challenge the pyramid's advice for healthy eating.
More recent boundaries connect the two large red sections on the north.
Recent breakthroughs are significant, but better ways of nanotube making are needed.
Recent briefs are available online.
Recent brightness is uncertain.
Recent browsers enable certain function parameters of the cache memory to be changed.
All recent browsers support .gif and .jpg images and many support .png.
Most recent browsers are o.k.
Most recent browsers come with it pre-installed.
Most recent browsers do support frames.
Most recent browsers support forms.
Most recent bug is on top.
Recent building ensures that Qatar is well served by first-class hotels.
More recent buildings have false bottoms and are elevated on stilts to avoid melting the permafrost.
Much recent building is decent and competent, rather than sensational and flashy.
Some recent buildings circulate water inside each column, protecting the structure against meltdown.
Recent bulletins are available by clicking the link above.
Recent cases examine what constitutes actual fraud.
Recent cases indicate judges and jurors are ready to draw new boundaries for paparazzi.
Recent cases provide ample cause for concern.
Recent Cases provides summaries of case decisions from various federal courts.
Recent cases show that stalkers can be charged if their actions have sexual connotations.
More recent cases are unbound, and are located near the bound volumes.
More recent cases seem to undermine that proposition.
Most recent cases are from West Virginia.
Most recent cases come from areas with high endemic rates of tuberculosis.
Most recent catalogue is online below .
More recent CDs are on the current review page .
More recent censuses are more fully indexed.
More recent censuses contain more information than earlier ones.
Recent changes appear in green.
Recent changes are at the top of ChangeLog.txt file.
Recent changes are in green italics.
Recent changes are in red.
Recent changes are in the readme.
Recent Changes Describes recent changes to Rhino.
Recent changes help streamline the document and eliminate obsolete clauses from prior years.
Recent changes make it more threatening than ever to church-state separation.
Recent changes make make it almost as lively as it is authoritative.
Recent changes reduce barriers to entry to members of impacted communities.
Recent Changes See the recent changes page .
More recent changes are at the end.
Most recent changes are on top.
Most recent changes come first.
Some recent changes appear below.
Some recent changes are large enough that they are triggering constitutional challenges.
More recent channels dissect the older alluvium in the SW corner.
Recent citations contain brief abstracts .
Recent clashes underscore the depth of Tajikistan s security dilemma.
Some recent clashes indicate the battle is escalating.
Recent climate forecasts for Idaho.
Recent codes allow for complex simulation at speeds faster than real time. .
More recent cohorts present data for only a few years.
Recent collections suggest that epiphyllous fungi are in fact abundant at the locality.
More recent collections indicate otherwise.
Recent college graduates employ in major occupations.
Recent college graduates employ in occupations.
Recent college graduates planning to pursue a reporting career.
Recent college graduates welcome.
Recent college graduates with a career in electronic journalism covering politics are eligible.
Recent college graduates with appropriate experience considered.
Recent columns are available below.
Recent columns Complete the following sentence.
More recent columns are at the bottom of the list.
More recent comers have no such foundation to protest.
Recent comments indicate it has a strong sense of community and people are welcoming.
Most recent comments appear at top.
Most recent comments are at the bottom.
Most recent comments are at the top of the list.
More recent comparisons serve up similar nonsense.
Recent computers have plenty of capacity for higher resolution.
Recent concern focuses on exposure to magnetic fields rather than electric fields.
Recent conference reports.
Recent conservation effort improves conditions.
Recent construction includes clearing debris from the area and adding in soil.
Recent construction is negligible.
More recent contributions are kibbutz and sabra .
Recent conversations seem to indicate there is some confusion about the predictors on the lists.
Recent copies are available from our web site.
Most recent corrections are at the top of each section .
Recent counts show spawning is improving in the restored parts of the stream.
Recent counts show voting registration up in South Texas.
Recent course work in biology or chemistry is recommended.
Recent coverage is listed below.
Recent coverage is noted below.
Most recent craft are small tugs pushing buoy or construction barges.
Recent creation does have unanswered scientific auestions.
Recent creation does have unanswered scientific questions.
Recent critics have a tendency to dismiss harmony, to reduce it to an arbitrary cultural prejudice.
More recent cultures can raise as many questions.
Recent date means within the last twelve months.
Recent data appear to favor an open ever expanding universe.
Recent data are also available in the original raw GPS receiver format.
Recent data are no more encouraging.
Recent data collected by both agencies, they said, confirm that our climate is now changing rapidly.
Recent data confirm that Japan is caught in a fiscal and economic trap.
Recent data indicate a dramatic shift in the demographics of modern college students.
Recent data indicate that a similar pattern occurs in bison.
Recent data indicate that injuries have been significantly reduced.
Recent data indicate that significant neurogenesis takes place even in the adult human brain.
Recent data indicate that there is a critical shortage of dental faculty in U.S. dental schools.
Recent data indicate that tPA therapy is underutilized.
Recent data indicate the delay problem is getting worse.
Recent data is similar.
Recent data say the percentages continue to grow worse.
Recent data seem to indicate a rise in youth sport related injuries.
Recent data show a greater impact of productivity on mining cost and price than projected last year.
Recent data show a significant increase in overseas investment by medical device firms.
Recent data show a slight increase in population.
Recent data show an increase in smoking among teens.
Recent data show an instructive pattern.
Recent data show no increase in the severity or frequency of tropical storms.
Recent data show similar patterns.
Recent data show that contamination from leaking tanks appears to be worse than previously thought.
Recent data show that efforts by deans and chairs to diversify the faculty are showing results.
Recent data show that our education institutions are still separate and unequal.
Recent data show that the hibernation period for some animals is becoming shorter.
Recent data show the effect of increasing soil organic matter on cotton productivity.
Recent data show, however, that phytochrome has another role during the life span of higher plants.
Recent data shows increases in students grades, standardized test scores, and attendance.
Recent data suggest an important reduction in adverse clinical sequelae in certain high risk groups.
Recent data suggest increased nephrotoxicity when used with an aminoglycoside.
Recent data suggest lower growth for the fourth quarter.
Recent data suggest occipital participation during saccades and blinks even without visual input.
Recent data suggest that depression during pregnancy increases perinatal risk.
Recent data suggest that the answer is just around the corner.
Recent data suggest that the fight can even be profitable.
Recent data suggest the opposite.
Recent data suggest use in unstable angina in place of heparin.
Recent data supports the following algorhythym or decision tree for the clinical use of valproate.
Any recent data is indicated with the names.
More recent data are incomplete.
More recent data are provided by the instrumental record.
More recent data indicate that equity has improved somewhat since that time.
More recent data indicate that sleep, like consciousness, is an active process.
More recent data is available on the Web.
More recent data is categorised as real time and as such is subject to a licensing fee.
More recent data is located on the March Central Population Survey.
More recent data is the most relevant.
Most recent data is at the top.
Most recent data is available online.
Most recent data is displayed - as indicated by datestamp on plots.
Most recent data is monthly.
Some recent data are proprietary.
Some recent data suggest a connection between radionuclide exposure and the thyroid cancers.
Recent deals point to a similar confusion in boardrooms.
Recent death takes places.
Most recent death takes places.
Recent decades are something of a taboo.
Recent decisions appear to conflict with one another and provide no consistent guiding principle.
Recent decisions are available on the Internet.
Recent decisions reveal the political and legal direction of the high court.
Recent definitions relate soil structure with the spatial variability of soil properties.
Recent demand seems to be more for lots than for re-sale homes.
Recent demonstrations hint at the possibilities of nanotechnology.
Recent department graduates work in a number of related and unrelated careers.
Recent designs allow for the back to break-away and operate independently of the ottoman.
Recent designs focus on low-power electronics.
Recent designs use fiber-optics in a similar manner.
More recent designs use electrostatic fields to destroy the droplets.
Recent detainees say many have experienced multiple stints in detention.
Recent development has applications.
Recent development includes using inverse kinematics to track a target vector.
Recent development is extensive but typically at very low suburban densities.
Recent development is to name the cloths in English.
Recent development shows it is quite important.
Recent developments allow for the high bandwidth transmission of Internet and data services.
Recent developments are available in the following files.
Recent developments are silicon drift chambers and microstrip gas chambers .
Recent developments argue against optimism.
Recent developments bear that out.
Recent developments can give a terminal account some direct connection capabilities.
Recent developments demonstrate progress in addressing that issue.
Recent developments have the promise of changing all of that.
Recent developments indicate the two nations remain the biggest advocates of European unity.
Recent developments ininsulin delivery techniques.
Recent developments make possible new approaches to study host-pathogen interactions.
Recent developments point to even more promising synergies.
Recent developments point towards increasingly balanced risks to price stability in the medium term.
Recent developments provide more clues as to the plan's aims and scope.
Recent developments regarding domain name registrations potentially affect all domain name owners.
Recent developments relate to changing pressures on government libraries.
Recent developments rest firmly on new and advanced mathematics and mathematical physics.
Recent developments show recovery, however.
Recent developments show that the crisis in Russia has a more direct impact on the real sector.
Recent developments suggest an alternative probable cause for the violence.
Recent developments suggest it is time for a change in Japan.
Recent developments suggest that a more integrated approach is feasible.
Recent developments suggest the latter road.
Recent developments support that assertion.
All recent developments have been unfavorable, everything seems on the surface to be wrong.
More recent developments have a smaller olfactory bulb and larger neo-cortex.
Most recent development has applications.
Most recent developments involve understanding of fracture healing .
Some recent developments suggest the latter.
More recent devices are more likely to vaporize something such as an oil or wax rather than burn it.
Recent difficulties act as 'provoking agents', even more so than is the case with events.
More recent directories are available.
Recent discoveries confirm that a cataclysmic moment gave birth to the universe.
Recent discoveries demonstrate that the ocean has much yet to reveal.
Recent discoveries indicate that glaciers formed along the southern edge of the connected land mass.
Recent Discoveries Learn about recently discovered wrecks, that have been missing since the war.
Recent discoveries offer evidence.
Recent discoveries provide opportunity.
Recent discoveries show that lifeforms on Earth can obtain energy from many different sources.
Recent discoveries show that the town is probably older.
Recent discoveries show that there are six types of quarks.
Recent discoveries suggest Africa was in the forefront of human evolution.
Recent discoveries suggest that glial cells play key roles in nervous system function.
More recent discoveries suggest that Damascus was first settled ca.
Most recent discoveries offer evidence.
Most recent discoveries provide opportunity.
Most recent discovery is at the bottom of the list.
Some recent discoveries provide evidence.
Some recent discoveries provide exceptions.
Recent discussions have highlighted how culturally conditioned the western notion of biography is.
Recent Discussions Let's talk money.
Much recent discussion revolves around the morality of consumption.
Most recent dissertations have abstracts and advisor information as well.
Recent disturbances change drainage patterns.
Recent disturbances change patterns.
Most recent disturbances change drainage patterns.
Most recent disturbances change patterns.
Recent documents are available in CD-ROM or other electronic formats.
Recent documents is a godsend.
Most recent documents are in stock and available.
Some recent documents are available in full text format.
Recent documentation is required.
Some recent donations illustrate several giving options.
Some recent drafts are available as well.
Recent drought affects trees.
Most recent drought affects trees.
Recent drugs seem to offer some relief.
Recent earthquakes demonstrate both the high activity and the diversity of seismic source areas.
Recent earthquakes demonstrate how the process continues.
Most recent earthquakes are at the top of the list.
Some recent earthquakes take places.
Recent earthwork makes the trail wider and flatter.
Recent editions cover several years and include only an author index.
Recent editions detail responsibilities of the governing bodies and committees.
Recent editions have features suited to many nonprofits.
Recent editions show improvements to the above shortcomings.
Recent editions suggest that the new service's editors have serious, mainstream journalism in mind.
Any recent edition is suitable though.
Most recent edition is kept in Ready Reference.
Recent effort improves conditions.
Recent efforts begin to address query languages involving images, video, audio and text.
Recent efforts focus on liquid-liquid extraction.
Most recent effort improves conditions.
Some recent effort presents opportunity.
Recent elections demonstrate that a strong organizing presence can swing an election.
Recent elections indicate that moderate Iranian leaders are in the ascendance.
Recent elections show the effectiveness of such a mobilization strategy.
More recent emphases focus on the necessity of formulating objectives in terms of student behavior.
Most recent emphasis is on organic light emitting diodes and organic polymer solar cells .
Recent engine rebuild.
Recent enhancements increase support for C code.
Some recent enhancements bear reiteration.
Many recent entrants have a community college diploma or an undergraduate university degree.
Many recent entrants have a community college diploma.
Many recent entrants have a high school diploma.
Many recent entrants have an undergraduate university degree or a community college diploma.
Many recent entrants have an undergraduate university degree.
Most recent entrants have a community college diploma or a university undergraduate degree.
Most recent entrants have a community college diploma or an undergraduate university degree.
Most recent entrants have a community college diploma or another post-secondary diploma or degree.
Most recent entrants have a community college diploma or another postsecondary diploma or degree.
Most recent entrants have a community college diploma or other post-secondary diploma or degree.
Most recent entrants have a community college diploma or university degree.
Most recent entrants have a community college diploma.
Most recent entrants have a high school diploma or an undergraduate university degree.
Most recent entrants have a high school or community college diploma.
Most recent entrants have a post-graduate university degree.
Most recent entrants have a university degree.
Most recent entrants have an undergraduate or graduate university degree.
Most recent entrants have an undergraduate university degree or a community college diploma.
Most recent entrants have an undergraduate university degree or a master's degree.
Most recent entrants have an undergraduate university degree.
Recent entries appear topmost.
Recent entries can include photographs, list of works, and relate web sites.
Recent entries come from Denmark, England, Norway and Germany.
Recent entries come from New York, Philadelphia and Baltimore.
Recent entries have some images.
Recent entries incorporate reggae and rap styles.
More recent entries are available here .
Most recent entries appear first.
Most recent entries are at the top of the list.
Most Recent entries are at the top.
Most recent entries are first.
Some recent entries contain pointers to on-line versions of the paper.
More recent episodes use double that number.
Recent estimates indicate that one fourth of all pesticides are used in urban situations.
Recent estimates place the actual figure at least twice that.
Recent estimates place the number of Internet users at approximately two million.
Recent estimates push the number of inhabitants to over eleven million.
Recent estimates show television viewing to be over seven hours a day.
Recent estimates show that poor basic skills in the workplace costs the British economy billions.
Recent estimates suggest that it has generated one-third of the recent growth in the U.S. economy.
Recent estimates suggest that it is three times more common in men.
Recent estimates tell a different story.
More recent estimates are about twice that amount.
More recent estimates center on the middle of the next century.
More recent estimates show continued strong growth.
More recent estimates yield mag.
Recent events appear favorable.
Recent events are available to client programs for display.
Recent events are merely the framework on which to hang other discontents.
Recent events are over-riding traditional antagonism.
Recent Events Become a member.
Recent events bring our safety into question.
Recent Events Check out photos and information on recent alumni gatherings.
Recent events confirm that the board of governors has become bogged.
Recent events continue to put in question the willingness to resolve the crime.
Recent events demand a sequel.
Recent events demand so.
Recent events demonstrate clearly the benefit of a two-year planning horizon.
Recent events establish school choice as an issue that has to be dealt with.
Recent events forebode such joyful wishes.
Recent events foreshadow a great change, and it becomes all men to choose.
Recent events give it a new urgency.
Recent events have many carrying guns.
Recent events have significant implications for the transportation of hazardous materials.
Recent events highlight the fairly rapid evolution of Japan's capital markets.
Recent events highlight the importance of global factors to American businesses.
Recent events illustrate a real threat of domestic terrorism.
Recent events illustrate more of the same.
Recent events indicate a trend toward the latter position.
Recent events indicate another shift for bilingual education however.
Recent events indicate that text is missing from the flier.
Recent events indicate that the goals are being broadened.
Recent events indicate that the government is poised once again to use mass starvation as a tactic.
Recent Events Learn about the center's past activities.
Recent Events Learn more about our product development and releases.
Recent Events Look here for a list of events by date.
Recent events make a mockery of any notion of law and order.
Recent events make clear that the trustees are stonewalling the attorney general's investigation.
Recent events make clear that tighter defenses are needed.
Recent events make it clear that the digital divide is in the air in Sacramento.
Recent events make our mission more important than ever.
Recent events make the presidential philandering premise more than plausible.
Recent events point to a number of significant achievements.
Recent events prove how dangerous and expensive such lack of enforcement can be.
Recent events prove otherwise.
Recent events prove that's particularly true in the Net device industry.
Recent events raise a more haunting possibility.
Recent events raise ghosts of the past.
Recent events reflect that philosophy.
Recent events seem to indicate it is becoming the latter.
Recent events show all too clearly how much still remains to be done.
Recent events show how changes in gold prices, and flows of currencies do that.
Recent events show that Episcopalians continue to be deeply divided over gay issues.
Recent events show the depth of distrust and the strength of hardliners in both parties.
Recent events strengthen the rhetorical advantage of economics.
Recent events suggest a free-fall.
Recent events suggest that the field is again becoming a focal area of psychological study.
Recent events suggest they succeeded in that.
Recent events take places.
Recent events underline the production's timeliness.
Recent events underscore why it's so important.
More recent events do nothing to build confidence in the idea of departmental self-policing.
Most recent events are at the bottom of the page.
Most recent events come first.
Most recent events take places.
Some recent events promise new things in the future.
Some recent events underscore that commitment.
Recent evidence adds further understanding of the process.
Recent evidence appears to show they are just as deadly.
Recent evidence confirms that homelessness among families is increasing.
Recent evidence confirms that their rolling resistance is about the same as tubulars'.
Recent evidence demonstrates that certain college students are at increased risk for the disease.
Recent evidence exposes potentially serious problems with creatine use.
Recent evidence has shown vasodilatation during sepsis is modulated by inducible nitric oxide.
Recent evidence indicates a link between breast cancer support groups and increased longevity.
Recent evidence indicates a staggering number of black holes exist in the universe.
Recent evidence indicates it had feathers.
Recent evidence indicates measurements.
Recent evidence indicates that a major source of jitter . . .
Recent evidence indicates that amphibians are declining globally.
Recent evidence indicates that coral reefs are deteriorating worldwide, and many are in crisis.
Recent evidence indicates that feline heartworm disease is much more prevalent than was believed.
Recent evidence indicates that morphological changes occur in the retina with increasing age.
Recent evidence indicates that mountain pine beetle populations are on the rise statewide.
Recent evidence indicates that nicotine also enhances sustained attention and recognition memory.
Recent evidence indicates that regular exercise can reduce eye pressure.
Recent evidence indicates that the in vivo folding process requires so-called molecular chaperones.
Recent evidence indicates that the situation is worsening, though.
Recent evidence indicates, however, that penguins can locate prey via echolocation.
Recent evidence is ominous.
Recent evidence is usually more convincing than older citations.
Recent evidence leads to hypotheses.
Recent evidence linking the use of fertility drugs to ovarian cancer remains controversial.
Recent evidence points to a genetic origin.
Recent evidence points to a potentially large return if the investment is made.
Recent evidence points to a role for lipid signaling downstream of Frizzled proteins.
Recent evidence points to a significant sink in the eastern North American decidous forest.
Recent evidence says yes.
Recent evidence shows activities.
Recent evidence shows otherwise.
Recent evidence shows that blood flow to peripheral and core body tissues is decreased.
Recent evidence shows that nurse home visitation even reduces juvenile offending.
Recent evidence shows that other species of mycobacteria form biofilms.
Recent evidence shows that periodontal disease has an effect on several systemic conditions.
Recent evidence shows that prevalence rates of the disease in men in the UK seem to have peaked.
Recent evidence shows that the universe is expanding at an accelerating rate.
Recent evidence shows that their diet shifted from land-based foods to marine products.
Recent evidence speaks in favor of such a mechanism.
Recent evidence suggests a subtle change in drug war politics.
Recent evidence suggests an association with low fiber diet.
Recent evidence suggests ancestors.
Recent evidence suggests differences in evolutionary relationships among prokaryotes.
Recent evidence suggests it reduces the risk of breast cancer.
Recent evidence suggests life once existed on Mars.
Recent evidence suggests nothing of the sort.
Recent evidence suggests otherwise.
Recent evidence suggests that adult vertebrate brains generate new neurons.
Recent evidence suggests that apoptosis is an important component of cancer therapy.
Recent evidence suggests that birds are a lot more intelligent than previously believed.
Recent evidence suggests that both colon and rectum show normal motor activity.
Recent evidence suggests that egg-sensitive children can receive measles immunization safely.
Recent evidence suggests that fibroblasts are the main effector of scarless healing in fetal tissue.
Recent evidence suggests that increased spending alone is unlikely to fix American schools.
Recent evidence suggests that inflation is already on a downward track.
Recent evidence suggests that it is concentrated at the poleward edge of the auroral zone.
Recent evidence suggests that it's unlikely.
Recent evidence suggests that short-term variations can be much more rapid.
Recent evidence suggests that such extremes are already occurring.
Recent evidence suggests that the brain contains unique isoforms of tTGase.
Recent evidence suggests that the fungi are actually better placed near the animals than the plants.
Recent evidence suggests that the mutator phenotype is associated with DNA repair deficiencies.
Recent evidence suggests that the objects are icy comets , rather than rocky asteroids .
Recent evidence suggests that the objects are icy comets, rather than rocky asteroids.
Recent evidence suggests that they do.
Recent evidence suggests that toothed whales have a built-in compass sense.
Recent evidence suggests that vitamin K supplements can be helpful for preventing osteoporosis.
Recent evidence suggests that water voles have undergone a long term decline in Britain.
Recent evidence suggests that's done little to close the gap between city and country fuel prices.
Recent evidence suggests the combination of aspirin and dipyridamole are effective.
Recent evidence suggests the latter.
Recent evidence suggests two distinct, proteolytic localization systems at invadopodia.
Recent evidence suggests, though, that Tunneling is actually to blame.
Recent evidence supports ideas.
Recent evidence supports notions.
Recent evidence supports the notion of at least a temporary recovery.
Recent evidences reveal a serious uxo problem in the east of Chad.
Recent evidences suggest that more debt newly contracted is denominated mostly in Baht.
More recent evidence confirms their assessment.
More recent evidence suggests slower rates of population growth.
Most recent evidence indicates measurements.
Most recent evidence leads to hypotheses.
Most recent evidence shows activities.
Most recent evidence suggests ancestors.
Most recent evidence supports ideas.
Most recent evidence supports notions.
Some recent evidence confirms assessments.
Some recent evidence indicates diversification.
Some recent evidence indicates locations.
Some recent evidence indicates members.
Some recent evidence indicates movement.
Some recent evidence indicates periods.
Some recent evidence indicates that the rates of such substances are rising.
Some recent evidence shows genus.
Some recent evidence suggests cancer.
Some recent evidence suggests chemotherapy.
Some recent evidence suggests colon cancer.
Some recent evidence suggests conclusions.
Some recent evidence suggests dinosaurs.
Some recent evidence suggests electrical stimulation.
Some recent evidence suggests metabolism.
Some recent evidence suggests mob predators.
Some recent evidence suggests predators.
Some recent evidence suggests production.
Some recent evidence suggests sauropod dinosaurs.
Some recent evidence suggests sensation.
Some recent evidence suggests stimulation.
Some recent evidence tends to support Brace.
Recent evolutions confirm the existing trends.
Some recent exams are also available.
Recent examples are diablo, bladerunner and fallout .
Recent examples are models of Bayesian learning, the economics of uncertainty, and game theory.
Recent examples are myriad.
Recent examples are part of the tech-wreck liturgy by now.
Recent examples are the heart drugs encainide and flecainide.
Recent examples are the youth access campaigns the tobacco industry rolled out in the nineties.
Recent examples are websites that are parodies, or jokes.
Recent examples come from two states.
Recent examples highlight the adaptive-thinking requirements demanded by rapid mission changes.
Some recent examples are as follows.
Some recent examples are in order here.
Some recent examples come to mind.
Some recent examples involve a few very popular television programs.
Recent excavations indicate that a military garrison was quartered east of the town.
Recent excavations reveal a well-preserved amphitheater dating back to Roman times.
Recent excavations reveal high levels of craftsmanship in pottery, iron-work and jewellery making.
Recent exercises reveal an alarming number of unread messages because of information overload.
Recent experience booking patient appointments in a medical setting is desirable.
Recent experience developing electromechanical systems for medical products is a plus.
Recent experience emphasises the importance also of good public governance.
Recent experience indicates students are defeating the security promised by multiple-form tests.
Recent experience indicates that such compasses detract from the learning experience.
Recent experience involves updating laboratory stack monitoring equipment to a PC environment.
Recent experience is a crucial factor.
Recent experience is in quantitative ecological and human health risk assessment.
Recent experience is required to help document the applicant's knowledge of current practice issues.
Recent experience is taken into account both in and out of primary schools.
Recent experience is that individuals are regularly being bumped from full local flights.
Recent experience is too vivid.
Recent experience is very significant.
Recent experience says no.
Recent experience says otherwise.
Recent experience shows that fixed market data collection tends to take longer.
Recent experience shows that the kernel of truth in a half truth is sometimes the worst half.
Recent experience shows why.
Recent experience suggests that deregulation is the best investment by far.
Recent experience suggests that reviewers often navigate the contents to a desired table or figure.
Recent experiences are best.
Recent experiences show that disaster preparedness can save lives.
Some recent experiences show that the problem is more complex.
Recent experiments confirm responses.
Recent experiments overthrow an established model and suggest new areas of research.
Recent experiments show conductivity.
Recent experiments show extent.
Recent experiments show that place neurones pick up signals from landmarks in the environment.
Recent experiments show that water content within foods plays a critical role in weight control.
Recent experiments suggest advantage.
Recent experiments suggest roles.
Most recent experiments confirm responses.
Most recent experiments show conductivity.
Most recent experiments show extent.
Most recent experiments suggest advantage.
Most recent experiments suggest roles.
Some recent experiments demonstrate potential.
Some recent experiments reveal existence.
Some recent experiments shed light.
Some recent experiments suggest it can.
Recent explorations discover evidence of subsurface water on one of Jupiter's ice-ridden satellites.
Recent failures pave way for new success.
Recent family pictures The newest pics of our family and cats.
Recent fashion is for very large, very soft sofas.
More recent feedback appears in our guestbook .
Recent fiction presents characters baffled by the multiplicities of life, events and people.
Recent figures are also strong.
Recent figures are still provisional.
Recent figures are subject to reporting delays.
Recent figures indicate more U.S. workers are acquiring long-term disability insurance.
Recent figures show clearly both faces of rural Brazil.
Recent figures show recruitment of women into the discipline is continuing to decline.
Recent figures show surprising growth in the second quarter.
Recent figures show that only about half of Israeli men serve in the army.
Recent figures show that tourism has given the village the highest per capita income in Italy.
Recent figures show that workers have lost out in the boom.
Recent figures suggest declining poverty incidence but rising inequality in Tanzania.
Recent figures suggest that there are no marked differences between men and women.
Recent figures underscore that sense.
More recent figures are more optimistic about satisfaction and adjustment.
More recent figures are unavailable.
More recent figures indicate that employment and opportunities for disabled persons are on the rise.
Some recent figures appear to confirm their suspicions.
Recent files list.
More recent files are limited to minutes and annual reports.
Recent films focus on experimental narrative time and sound design.
More recent films reflect the legal gambling era.
Most recent film is listed first.
Recent findings conclude that cheating is a bigger problem than previously believed.
Recent findings confirm the importance of spirituality in physical and emotional health.
Recent findings converge on altered thalamic-prefrontal cortical connectivity.
Recent Findings Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Recent findings indicate a possible genetic marker for reading disability, or dyslexia.
Recent findings indicate that motion processing is impaired in a large proportion of poor readers.
Recent findings indicate that planets are very common indeed around nearby sun-like stars.
Recent findings indicate that taking herbal supplements before surgery can be dangerous.
Recent findings lend support to a controversial immune system theory.
Recent findings show erosion and sedimentary deposits even on distant planets.
Recent findings show that Boehme was much more than a simple shoemaker.
Recent findings show that fish spawn sometime between dusk and dawn.
Recent findings suggest it is most advisable to use the deeper-placed muscles.
Recent findings suggest that acid rain is a much more complex phenomenon than previously thought.
Recent findings suggest that attachment to school helps keep kids out of trouble.
Recent findings suggest that high self-esteem can indeed hurt.
Recent findings suggest that oxytocin can modulate both dominant and submissive behavior.
Recent findings tie elevated blood-lead levels to increased hypertension.
More recent findings descibe the role of humidity on the incubation process.
Recent fledglings have short tails and often remain together, often perched side by side.
Recent flows are different.
More recent format is multi-volume.
Most recent forum is for new postings.
Recent fossils are much more common than ancient fossils.
Recent gains remain tentative and subject to reversal.
Recent games are at the top level.
Recent games count more than earlier games.
Recent genetic evidence suggests ancestors.
Recent goodies are classier.
Recent grads are acceptable as well.
Recent grads are also welcome to apply.
Recent grads are eligible now.
Recent grads are welcome to apply.
Recent grads are welcome.
Recent grads offer career tips Thanks for making Ag Career Day a success.
Recent grads point to the increased costs of education.
Recent graduates are able to access our on-line job service.
Recent graduates are active in industry, research, teaching, medicine, and dentistry.
Recent graduates are also eligible.
Recent graduates are more prepared in computer technology.
Recent graduates are now in medicine, dentistry, education, journalism, business, law and nursing.
Recent graduates are on their way to significant leadership positions.
Recent graduates are welcome to apply.
Recent graduates are welcome.
Recent graduates are, for example, in schools of law, medicine, and business administration.
Recent graduates are, however, also invited to apply.
Recent graduates attend schools nationwide.
Recent graduates can forward their ohio.edu address to an outside account.
Recent graduates can freelance using agencies.
Recent graduates can maintain their sites up to two quarters after graduation.
Recent graduates can relate their current experiences.
Recent graduates can start the licensing process by taking the examination in two stages.
Recent graduates command high salaries and can choose among many different positions.
Recent graduates employ in major occupations.
Recent graduates employ in occupations.
Recent graduates explain how they balance a social life with their career.
Recent Graduates Find out about our recent graduates and where they're headed.
Recent Graduates Following are graduate students that finished in the last five years.
Recent graduates have faculty positions at universities throughout the nation.
Recent graduates have secured positions in publishing, journalism, and education.
Recent graduates have the opportunity to perform dentistry in Israel, Morocco and other areas.
Recent graduates inject enthusiasm and offer the most recent technological information.
Recent graduates obtain job leads from their school placement service.
Recent graduates provide a fresh perspective.
Recent graduates receive a complimentary membership for one year.
Recent graduates see the job market shifting.
Recent graduates teach in classrooms from Maine to California.
Recent graduates train and get experience while under supervision.
Recent graduates welcome to apply.
Recent graduates welcome.
Recent graduates work at Valhalla in Louisville and golf courses in New York and Alabama.
Recent graduates work full-time for ten to twelve months.
Recent graduates work in needy schools.
Recent graduates working toward licensure are eligible for significant discounts on their policies.
Many recent graduates are reluctant to list their college extra-curriculars on their resume.
Many recent graduates are unable to repay their student loans.
Many recent graduates have large student loans when they graduate, and that's understandable.
Many recent graduates seem to be stuck in a holding pattern.
Many recent graduates take jobs in rural areas.
More recent graduates are more interested in all topic areas compared to earlier graduates.
Most recent graduates are now postdoctoral scientists in prestigious research laboratories.
Most recent graduates are on top.
Most recent graduates are ready to take on additional responsibilities within a couple of years.
Most recent graduates employ in major occupations.
Most recent graduates employ in occupations.
Most recent graduates hold an accounting related position.
Some recent graduates find jobs.
Recent grants show an emerging interest in urban environmental issues and resource protection.
More recent guides are more comprehensive, covering all good bounty hunting systems in the galaxy.
Recent headlines are available for free on their website.
Recent headlines illustrate the importance of security for e-business.
Recent headlines offer some clues.
Recent headlines show that the value of a life depends on other things, too.
Recent headlines take up the first screen.
Recent headlines tell a story.
Recent headlines tell some of the story.
Recent hearings are on microfiche.
Some recent highlights are available below.
Most recent hires have a BA or an AA degree in hotel administration.
Most recent hires have a high school diploma or equivalent.
Recent historiography continues the debate.
Recent history bears that out.
Recent history betrays the gun control theory.
Recent history casts the decision in a considerably more positive light.
Recent history contains more accurate facts, due to the writings and recordings of modern society.
Recent history demonstrates our ability to smoothly transition to new generations of technology.
Recent history helps explain the difference.
Recent history holds many lessons.
Recent history indicates that raising taxes is difficult and unpopular.
Recent history is also a casualty.
Recent history is ambiguous.
Recent history is defined as important events that made an impact on a person or country.
Recent history is especially compelling.
Recent history is filled with stories of the economic impact of the loss of a successful executive.
Recent history is full of examples of politician's widows winning races.
Recent history is full of examples.
Recent history is littered with great family films that did poorly at the box office.
Recent history is no different.
Recent history is rife with other examples.
Recent history is stocked with examples of such concerns delaying and complicating deals.
Recent history justifies our warning.
Recent history offers Franks a sample of how such an argument can be made.
Recent history offers only partial answers.
Recent history offers two wildly divergent prospects.
Recent history proves it.
Recent history proves that mainland insurance companies can be fickle.
Recent history provides the answer.
Recent history refutes that claim.
Recent history says no, with three to eight months delay in past debates.
Recent history says there is reason for hope.
Recent History Says Yes.
Recent history seems to suggest otherwise.
Recent history shows an increase in the national threat from terrorist use of hazardous materials.
Recent history shows an increase in the threat from terrorist use of hazardous materials.
Recent history shows caution is in order.
Recent history shows consistent problems with voter turnout, no matter what the balloting method.
Recent history shows how drug traffickers thrive on the chaos of civil war.
Recent history shows how easily historical and cultural treasures can be lost.
Recent history shows how easy it is to return to barbarism.
Recent history shows how well parties have been able to respond to difficult challenges.
Recent history shows just how potent the issue can be politically.
Recent history shows many examples of the use of patent law to protect drug companies' profits.
Recent history shows many examples.
Recent history shows that it is killing people.
Recent history shows that our graduates have excellent employment prospects.
Recent history shows that some companies have falsified fuel quality.
Recent history shows that when progressive movements grow, they grow from college campuses.
Recent history shows the choice can go to a late-arising candidate.
Recent history shows the result of neighbor watch neighbor programs.
Recent history shows what can happen when politicians gamble with our economic well being.
Recent history suggests it still has one.
Recent history suggests otherwise.
Recent history Suggests patience is better part of valor.
Recent history suggests that economic-development predictions are iffy at best in Kansas City.
Recent history suggests that is so.
Recent history suggests that much.
Recent history suggests that task is hopeless.
Recent history teaches the same lesson.
Recent history warns against expecting miracles.
More recent histories provide photographs of the city, past and present, as well as history.
More recent history is revealed in the landscape.
Most recent hobby is the internet.
Recent honors projects Some of the senior theses completed in the past few years are listed below.
Recent images provide clues about Martian water.
More recent images show a small scar replacing it.
Recent immigrants are likely to be level ones in terms of English language proficiency.
Recent immigrants are willing to make tremendous sacrifices to help their children succeed.
Recent immigrants come and they volunteer to help each other.
Recent immigrants come from all over the world.
Recent immigrants eat more fruits, grains, and vegetables, a pattern soon lost with assimilation.
Recent immigrants face stress due to isolation and adjustment anxiety.
Recent immigrants focus on the survival issues of money, food and work.
Recent immigrants have a much more diversified professional profile than their predecessors.
Recent immigrants have new opportunities to retain and even profit from ties at home.
Recent immigrants make up the majority of the market.
Recent immigrants pursue studies at a high rate.
Recent immigrants represent ideas still more interventionist.
Recent immigrants tend to speak a language other than English in the home.
Recent immigrants use the library to learn English and prepare for citizenship.
Recent immigration is the result of lifestyle moves from more urban areas throughout the country.
Recent impacts are from browsing deer.
More recent imperatives relate to supporting the transaction of business via distributed networks.
Many recent imports offer only a country name as the point of origin for that item.
Recent imprints placed in protected status are usually lavishly illustrated limited editions.
More recent imprints are accessible through the general collections.
Recent improvements are evident in the UK results compared to the other centres.
Recent improvements are larger size, better grid navigation, and much improved reporting.
Recent improvements are primarily in the timing of the event.
Recent improvements are, as yet, insecure.
Recent improvements employ a locking device that clamps in the top of the retracted slideout.
Recent improvements involve a digital camera and computer.
Recent incidents add to the picture of a crumbling regime.
Recent indications show that many more companies are moving towards more open management.
More recent indications are that some sort of plant regulatory action is occurring.
Recent indicators do however point to an economic slowdown.
Recent indicators point to continued economic growth in Germany and Japan.
Recent indicators show corbina populations are improving, based on juvenile fish sampling.
Recent indicators suggest that inflation is holding steady at a modest pace.
Recent indicators suggest that loyalty is created via more customer contact and recognition.
More recent info seems to indicate that the project has been cancelled.
Recent information has the thefts being committed by juvenile in their early to mid teens.
Recent information indicates that individuals are coming back to a normal lifestyle.
Recent information indicates that similar projects for other states are in the works.
Recent information indicates there are issues other than money at stake from the complainant.
Recent information is at the top of the list.
Recent information is available by subscription.
Recent information prompts a closer look at Malaysia.
Recent information says that it worked well.
Recent information seems to point toward an improvement in the availability of substitutes.
Recent information shows air toxic levels are too high in some parts of Minnesota.
Recent information suggests that some gaps appear to be getting smaller.
Recent information suggests that the disease is becoming more prevalent.
Recent information suggests that the game is in fact of Belgian origin.
Recent informations live.
More recent information indicates rapid consolidation of MT's leading position.
More recent information indicates several other states have taken similar steps.
More recent information is given here .
More recent information is more likely to be available at an agency website than older information.
More recent information suggests that additional public expenditures are in the pipeline.
Most recent information is at the top.
More recent initiatives emphasize commercial law and anti-corruption concerns.
More recent innovations are even more diverse.
Recent inspections show that a significant proportion of operations continue to be in violation.
More recent installations tend to be smaller projects.
Recent interest is economic instruments in environmental policy making.
Recent interest is in the field of humaniatrian demining.
Recent interest stems primarily from protectionist sentiments and food safety concerns.
Most recent interest is in issues of information retrieval related to the internet.
Recent inventions run the gamut from whimsical and wacky to wise and wondrous.
Recent investigations demonstrate effects.
Recent investigations demonstrate the importance of fluid flow on frictional strength.
Recent investigations focus on components.
Recent investigations indicate that I. setosa var.
Recent investigations indicate thatbacterial associations are important adaptations for survival.
Recent investigations shed new light on causes of violence in society.
More recent investigations suggest somewhat different interpretations of potential vegetation.
Most recent investigations demonstrate effects.
Most recent investigations focus on components.
Some recent investigations focus on ability.
Some recent investigations indicate conditions.
Some recent investigations indicate depressions.
Recent issues are also available on the Internet.
Recent issues are also available on the Web .
Recent issues are available below.
Recent issues are available full-text on the Web site.
Recent issues are available here online.
Recent issues are available here.
Recent issues are available on the Internet.
Recent issues are available on-line as are tables of contents from earlier issues.
Recent issues are available online.
Recent issues are available well in advance of print publication.
Recent issues are behind the hinged display slopes.
Recent issues are comprehensive land use planning, county water resources and farmland preservation.
Recent issues are in current periodicals under the title, Gallup Poll Monthly.
Recent issues are in magazine format.
Recent issues are in the current periodicals reading room.
Recent issues are in the reading area or at the circulation desk.
Recent issues are on the current periodical shelves on the second floor.
Recent issues are on the current periodicals shelves on the second floor.
Recent issues are on-line.
Recent issues contain color prints.
Recent issues contain news about a gun measure law, a peeping tom law, and a dog attack measure.
Recent issues cover health, sports, technology, and people.
Recent issues cover newsletters as well.
Recent issues cover toxic pollution, water quality, colonias, maquiladoras and other hot topics.
Recent issues deserve attention.
Recent issues deserve special attention.
Recent issues discuss Las Vegas and travels in Seville.
Recent issues facing all employees are government lay-offs due to downsizing.
Recent issues feature low-tech monitoring methods.
Recent issues focus on poverty, technology and Southeast Asia.
Recent issues have a color page showing parts of real airplanes to give some idea of colors.
Recent issues lack the spark of earlier ones.
Recent issues remain there until they are sent out to be bound, and eventually shelved in the tiers.
All recent issues are on line.
More recent issues are available as originals .
More recent issues are available, in part, with sample works available online.
More recent issues have larger number of fulltext articles.
More recent issues seem to be aiming at wider territory.
Most recent issue is at the top.
Most recent issue is on display shelf.
Most recent issues are at the top.
Most recent issues deserve attention.
Most recent issues deserve special attention.
Some recent issues are still available for purchase.
Some recent issues face industries.
More recent items appear first.
More recent items are available on the main page.
More recent items are easier.
Most recent items are at the top of each category.
Most recent items are at the top of the list.
Most recent items are first.
Most recent items are in front.
More recent jets seem to follow similar pattern.
Recent kernels are able to provide that information for most SCSI adapters.
Recent kernels implement a thread model, kthreads.
More recent kernels support the network card directly.
More recent kits are better.
Recent lava covers much of the crater floor to the south of the northern eruptive vents.
More recent laws are available as Public laws.
Recent lawsuits brought by parents of mentally retarded children support mainstreaming practices.
Recent layoffs demonstrate that our economy needs a boost.
Recent layoffs portend major business model changes for the downloadable music retailer.
Many recent leavers return to welfare, have high poverty rates, and struggle economically.
More recent lectures are available on our Web site as streaming video.
More recent lectures are available on video.
Recent legislation allows public- private ventures for family housing and BQs.
Recent legislation brings consistency in Pennsylvania.
Recent legislation broadens requirements for certain businesses.
Recent legislation calls for expanding the reserve to one million barrels.
Recent legislation drawing drastic distinctions based upon country of origin is unsound.
Recent legislation gives prosecutors more autonomy when dealing with violent offenders.
Recent legislation is held at the loans desk.
Recent legislation limits eligibilitiy for some public benefits.
Recent legislation limits eligibility for some public benefits.
Recent legislation obliges civil servants to ask for a special permission for private practice.
Recent legislation provides for grants to states to carry out the program.
Recent legislation requires accommodations for students with learning disabilities.
Recent legislation requires counties to reduce the amount of material being placed in landfills.
More recent links are at the bottom of the page.
Recent lists are also available on our Web page.
Recent lists reflect the improvement.
More recent lists contain more information than earlier ones.
Most recent listings are at the top.
Recent literature is considered according to special interests of instructors and students.
Recent literature is emphasized.
Recent literature is referenced in the accompanying handout.
Recent literature is renal physiology is Reviewed.
Recent literature proposes a theory that links the two decisions.
Recent literature suggests a possible connection between air toxics and the exacerbation of asthma.
Recent literature suggests that historical accidents can trap economies in inefficient equilibria.
Recent literature talks about the correlation between bras and breast cancer.
More recent literature recognizes a wide variety of nonsexual violations.
Recent losses go up on the tear tier.
Recent magnitude is uncertain.
Recent mammoth finds in east central Wisconsin.
Recent manufacturing includes women's clothing.
Recent manure spills in Iowa point to the needfor preventative planning by local officials.
Recent maps provide a more realistic view to the world.
Recent maps show that it is now well out of date.
Most recent master plan more on-target.
Recent materials using gel polymers contain approx.
More recent material is published in soft-cover supplements.
Some recent material can be very deep in color.
Recent measurements are available by selecting the day in the table below.
Recent measurements indicate there are no current unexplained perturbations.
Recent measurements prove it.
Recent measurements show that the water in the conveyor belt contains more salt than normal.
More recent measurements list stars from mag.
Recent media reports on corporate espionage.
Recent meetings reflect the broad support for creating a park on top of Moscow Mountain.
Most recent meeting is listed first.
Recent memory is impaired.
Recent memory is intact, general information is good.
Recent memory is the immediate concern as tomorrow approaches.
Recent mergers harm consumers.
Recent mergers indicate that corporate America is coming to the same conclusion.
Some recent mergers provide models for other manufacturers.
Recent messages are below.
Recent messages are no longer bold because that was too hard to read.
Most recent messages appear first in the listings.
Most recent messages are at the bottom.
Most recent messages are at the top.
Recent migrants are less likely than other urban residents to use family planning.
Recent models are now capable of reading our old CDs as well as DVDs.
Recent models seem to have an adhesive sticker instead.
Recent models support CD-quality sound.
Recent models vary on price mainly due to specification.
More recent models carry no outward manufacturer identification, just a model name.
More recent models feature a speaker in which the caller can alert police or firemen.
Most recent models are dual band and their reception is better.
Some recent models analyze problem solving in terms of generic tasks, methods, and subtasks.
Some recent models hypothesize the melding of anaerobic prokaryotes to create the first eukaryote.
Recent modification allows setting also of a second-order phase parameter, using a third argument.
Recent monitoring suggests that the declines in both species are continuing.
Some recent moves are a little encouraging.
Recent movements show that new housing starts are decreasing.
Recent movie reviews.
Most recent movies released on videotape include closed captioning for the deaf.
Recent murders are abundant and their deaths are violent and unexplained.
Most recent names are at the bottom of the list.
More recent newcomers are likely to converse in Somali, Spanish or Russian.
Recent news claims that new agencies for the creation and registration of domain names is underway.
Recent news concerning pediatrics and pediatricians is also available.
Recent news indicates that time is quickly running out for the historic facility.
Recent news is always welcome.
Recent news is available below.
Recent news is even more alarming.
Recent news is found on the main archive page.
Recent news is good.
Recent news is that the chauffeur had a high blood alcohol content.
Recent news offers more evidence of innumeracy.
Most recent news is at the top.
Recent newsletters are also available as html files.
Recent newsletters are available for download here.
Recent newsletters are available in pdf format.
Recent newsletters are now available.
Recent newsletters can also provide a good glimpse into an organization, it's people and it's goals.
Recent newspaper reports that focus only on the income tax grossly distort the real tax situation.
Recent newspapers are in boxes in alphabetical order on the shelves.
Most recent notes appear first.
Most recent notes are first in list, oldest is last.
Recent nuggets demonstrate significant enhancements of the particle flux at Earth.
Recent numbers are accessible on line, except for pages photocopied from other publications.
Recent numbers are impressive.
Recent numbers backup the police department's timing.
More recent numbers weren t available.
Recent obituaries are free.
More recent obituaries are available on disk or CD and give full details.
Recent observations indicate that some discs rotate faster than the underlying star.
Recent observations indicate that spreading is a truly three-dimensional process.
Recent observations indicate that they are also formed by phagocytic cells in the lungs.
Recent observations provide evidence.
Recent observations provide information.
Recent observations show appearances.
Recent observations show that larger and more pronounced streaks appear on the planet.
Recent observations show that the lag is very steady and insensitive to the position of Io.
Recent observations show that the nucleus of the comet seems to have broken into two pieces.
Recent observations show that very little of the original forest remains.
Recent observations show travelling occurs greatest between last quarter and new moon.
More recent observations require rates for higher rotational levels and higher temperatures.
More recent observations shed further light on the variety of terrains on Europa.
Most recent observations provide evidence.
Most recent observations provide information.
Most recent observations show appearances.
Some recent observations follow.
Some recent observations indicate migration.
Some recent observations solve problems.
Some recent observations suggest secretion.
Recent ones have fewer pages, but less space for notes.
Recent ones supply corresponding English terms, too.
More recent ones are at the top.
More recent ones are in large binders .
More recent ones use tables for layout.
Most recent ones are at the end.
Recent Opinions are similarly available for the current week.
Recent Opinions Get the latest product opinions and reviews.
Recent opinions suggest that the femur is a modern type which leads to a dilemma for evolutionists.
Most recent opportunities are near the bottom of the list.
Recent orders indicate an increased interest in Oregon grass straw.
More recent ordinances are available in paper files.
Recent organisms compound the complexity of treating nosocomial infections.
Recent outages demonstrate the wisdom of that decision.
Recent paintings are still-life oriented with subtle use of glazing techniques to inform the image.
More recent paintings deal with integration and transitions.
Recent papers are available in Adobe Acrobat pdf format.
Recent papers are on line.
Recent papers Click on a highlighted file to download a .pdf paper.
Recent papers show exciting new treatments for at least two common conditions.
All recent papers are in the first category.
Many recent papers are available electronically from the list below as dvi or postscript files.
Many recent papers deal with mobility prediction in cellular networks.
More recent papers appear first.
Some recent papers are available as preprints .
Some recent papers are available here.
Some recent papers describe our work.
Recent parishes is now in progress.
Recent passages are also at that site.
More recent peaks correlate with documented historic hurricanes.
Recent performance is the most important indicator of ability and motivation.
Recent performance shows that the economy is back on track.
Recent periodicals are in the slanted-shelf rack, all other publications are on the bookshelves.
Recent permutations are deadlier still.
Recent philanthropies illustrate the problems in keeping freshmen off greek property.
Recent philosophers are interested in the possibility of artificial intelligence.
Recent philosophy is as partisan as was philosophy two thousand years ago.
Recent photos are at the top.
Recent photos are available.
Recent photos are welcome.
More recent photos are below.
More recent photos are on the way.
More recent photos exist .
Recent photographs show a positive trend in the recovery of degraded areas.
Recent picture needs to be rotated to match up with old picture.
Recent Pictures Welcome to a tour of our facilities.
Most recent pictures appear first.
Most recent pictures are at the top of the list to the left.
More recent pieces offer only a limited selection of poses, and the enameling is crudely applied.
Recent pilot reports along the route.
Some recent planning takes up some specific approaches and plans.
Recent planting has mostly good germination.
Recent plantings have good germination and are spiking through the ground.
Recent plantings have good germination.
Recent plantings show good germination and very good plant growth.
Recent plantings show good germination with plant spiking through the ground.
Recent plantings show good germination.
Recent plantings show mostly good germination and plant growth.
Recent playlists are available.
Most recent poems are in the book, Still More Written Thoughts .
More recent policy takes precedance over older policy.
Recent poll shows strong continued support for eliminating the estate tax.
Recent polls find strong desire of consumers to control their personal information.
Recent polls indicate that quality of health care is one of today's vital issues for voters.
Recent polls indicate that quite the opposite is true.
Recent polls indicate that taxes and education rank as top concerns.
Recent polls point to strong public sentiment in favor of English-only education.
Recent polls reflect low levels of citizen trust in government.
Recent polls reflect that the majority of the Russian population seems to favor the war.
Recent polls reveal some startling facts about the church in America.
Recent polls show a clear majority of Jewish citizens in favour of a Palestinian state.
Recent polls show a state-wide surge in public support for vouchers.
Recent polls show a tight race.
Recent polls show an increasing number of people in support of nuclear power.
Recent polls show significant decline in public approval for the war as civilian casualties mount.
Recent polls show that a large percentage of people in the United States are religious.
Recent polls show that a substantial majority of voters favor passage of the initiative.
Recent polls show that Brown County is split over the referendum.
Recent polls show that slightly more than half the voters oppose the civil unions law.
Recent polls show that the levy is gaining support in the community.
Recent polls show that voters trust female candidates more than male candidates.
Recent polls show the two candidates virtually tied.
Recent polls show union leadership has an uphill battle in defeating the measure.
Recent polls show, accordingly, high rates of consumer confidence.
Recent polls suggest that the necessary public support for the single currency is wanting.
Recent polls suggest the gap, if anything, is widening between francophone men and women.
Recent polls suggest the outcome remains wide open.
Recent polls suggest the probability of that happening is high.
Recent polls suggest the proposals are likely to pass in both Nevada and Colorado.
Recent polls verify that the gap still exists.
Many recent polls show a drop in the government's popularity and a rise in the public's impatience.
More recent polls rank air quality near the top of citizen environmental concerns.
More recent polls show even higher levels of support.
Some recent polls show the widest gender gap ever recorded.
Most recent position is listed first.
Most recent positions are at the top.
Most recent posts appear at the top.
Most recent posts appear first.
Most recent posts are at the top, older ones are lower down.
Most recent posts are at the top.
Most recent posts are on top of the list.
Recent posting is for young looking shoppers to see if they are carded when purchasing alcohol.
Recent postings appear nearer the top of the list.
Most recent posting comes first in the list.
Most recent posting is displayed below.
Most recent postings appear at the bottom , so be sure to scroll down.
Most recent postings are at the top of the list.
Most recent postings are at the top.
Most recent postings are near the bottom of the page.
Recent practices beg the question of whether industry practices are transparent enough.
Most recent practice gives the full classmark of each copy on a separate line.
Some recent practices have limited faculty to only once every three years.
Recent presentations are available on-line.
Some recent presidencies illustrate the issue of presidential power and abuse of power well.
Recent presidents have a less colorful record.
Most recent press releases at right.
Recent prices are even lower.
Recent prices make alfalfa much more competitive for land and water.
Recent prices vary widely.
Recent processors clock speeds are high and it takes awhile for the interrupt to be acknowledged.
Recent processors have internal counters which are incremented every tick of the microprocessor.
Recent products allow payroll calculations to be performed over the internet and intranet.
Recent products reduce training time dramatically.
More recent productions display the increasingly heavy hand of concept-minded directors.
Recent programs appeal to variety of patrons.
Recent programs are usually available for viewing within a few days of the broadcast.
Recent progress is reported.
Recent progress related to cement and the Aqaba railway is encouraging.
Recent projects are for abcam, accessart, fenweb, fenland green power, m.r.s and windcluster.
Recent projects are profile here.
Recent projects center mostly on health and education.
Recent projects center on integrating content areas.
Recent Projects Following are descriptions of several representative HITC projects.
Recent projects involve also research on antibacterial proteins and peptides.
Recent projects involve statistically analyzing pre-natal care and birth record data.
Recent projects show that ecological building can result in a renewed architecture.
Recent projects span a variety of materials and properties.
Many recent projects cover Internet related topics.
Some recent projects involve innovations to side-look sonar systems and underwater cameras.
Recent proposals prohibit activities traditionally accepted as furthering a charitable purpose.
More recent protagonists struggle to maintain a precarious recovery.
Recent pubs are here.
Recent publications address the educational use of computer-mediated communication.
Recent publications advise against two currently marketed antiseptics.
Recent publications advocate derivative catastrophist interpretations of plate tectonics.
Recent publications are also available electronically.
Recent publications are available here.
Recent publications are available to view as well as links related to telecommunications.
Recent publications are in the field of development aid and political conditionality.
Recent publications deal with prime bank instrument frauds and money laundering.
Recent publications dominate here.
Recent publications focus on innovations in education.
Recent publications Follow the links for abstracts and downloadable files.
Recent Publications Go to iumsc home page .
Recent publications range from systematics to behavior.
Recent publications Read and download the papers of our group.
Recent Publications See the web pages of the members of the group for their recent publications.
Recent publications show a decided change in attitude toward musical trends.
Recent publications show that pathogenic bacteria can carry transgenic DNA into mammalian cells.
Recent publications written by or for BFRL staff are available for download.
Many recent publications are available online.
More recent publications are available electronically in their entirety.
More recent publications are preferable, if available.
Most recent publications appear at the top of each section.
Most recent publications are available electronically.
Most recent publications are available online.
Some recent publications are also available here.
Some recent publications are available in electronic format.
Some recent publications are available online.
Some recent publications describe development.
Some recent publications describe early development.
Recent publicity includes numerous articles in the local UK press.
More recent quakes draw on-top of older quakes.
More recent questions are near the front.
Recent rains bring some relief.
Recent rains can actually increase that puffiness.
Recent rains continue helping to replenish soil moisture with more needed.
Recent rains remain variable.
Recent rainfall continues to favor the slow spread of late blight.
Recent rainfall stimulates growth.
Recent rainfall stimulates plant growth.
Recent readings are in front, past readings move to the rear.
Some recent recipes are on our Web site .
Recent recollection suggests a frequency of about one ice storm per two years.
Recent recommendations concerning donor pool size deserve comment.
Recent records are much more detailed.
Recent records contain abstracts.
Recent records extend their range to scattered locations in central Iowa.
Recent records suggest that interstate commerce has been a factor in extending the insect s range.
More recent records are on microfilm or in book form and are indexed.
More recent records have marginal value because they document less significant misdemeanor cases.
More recent records remain in the parish offices.
Recent references support each discussion.
Recent reform leads to proposals.
Recent reforms chip away at the inflexibility, and the system is becoming noticeably relaxed.
Most recent reform leads to proposals.
Most recent refugees have experience with western medical care and ideas.
More recent regimens make use of vinblastine, bleomycin, and cisplatin, with excellent results.
More recent registers are in the care of the parish ministers.
Recent regulations call for new or upgraded plants with serious penalties for non-compliance.
More recent regulations forbid commercial banks from getting into the insurance business.
More recent regulations permit application of ultrasonic methods instead of radiography.
Recent releases are available below.
Recent releases show it to be a subtle difference.
Recent releases suggest that punk's close relative, hardcore, is the candidate of choice.
Most recent releases appear at the top of the list.
Most recent releases show breakdowns for population by race and by age groups.
Recent renovations are complete at all five elementary schools and the middle school.
Recent renovations continue to enhance the resort's luster.
Recent renovations lend to the comforts of modern facilities.
Recent reports are available on the website.
Recent reports are even more troubling.
Recent reports cite the large search engine's inability to comprehensively index the web.
Recent reports describe extensive areas of blast fishing damage and very few pelagics.
Recent reports detail some of the risks of vigorous campaigning.
Recent reports document the real costs of living on the Seacoast for various types of families.
Recent reports have erased all doubts-there is more than enough proof that it is happening.
Recent reports highlight the dangers.
Recent reports illustrate mixed results.
Recent reports indicate an even further decline in pilot flight training.
Recent reports indicate hickory mortality is apparently widespread across the eastern United States.
Recent reports indicate surges in the infection rates in young men.
Recent reports indicate that attendance is good at major central Florida theme parks.
Recent reports indicate that certain pests are becoming resistant to the bacteria.
Recent reports indicate that forest and watershed health has deteriorated alarmingly.
Recent reports indicate that hunting is by far the most serious threat.
Recent reports indicate that oxalic acid shows promise too.
Recent reports indicate that swarms have also moved into Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan.
Recent reports indicate that the bacterium causing plague is becoming resistant to antibiotics.
Recent reports indicate that the dog is the definitive host, in which the sexual cycle is completed.
Recent reports indicate that the human thymus is active throughout adult life.
Recent reports indicate that the United Kingdom has adopted our approach.
Recent reports indicate that they are very well prepared.
Recent reports indicate that unemployment in the Pacific Northwest is continuing to decline.
Recent reports indicate that, if anything, the quality of care is deteriorating.
Recent reports indicate upgrades are being issued in as little as five days.
Recent reports point to an increasing trafficking of heroin in Jordan.
Recent reports raise the specter of a future world polluted with excess nutrients.
Recent reports reflect an average of one raid per month in Iowa and Nebraska.
Recent reports repeat a well-known story.
Recent reports say meth use has increased in Iowa.
Recent reports say organ donations are stagnant.
Recent reports show a decline in interest in citizenship.
Recent reports show an increase in the numbers of young adults now being diagnosed with the disease.
Recent reports show Indiana's educational system ranks well.
Recent reports show no advantage of injection over oral use.
Recent reports show strong declines in education and health.
Recent reports show that many amphibian populations are undergoing decline and even extinction.
Recent reports show that many amphibian populations are undergoing declines and even extinction.
Recent reports show that the job outlook for generalists is very good.
Recent reports show that women make up almost half of all web users.
Recent reports show there is no time to lose.
Recent reports state the Israeli helicopters are preparing to attack the village.
Recent reports suggest a genetic link between Crohn's disease and psoriasis.
Recent reports suggest a new depot is being constructed trackside here using the old plans.
Recent reports suggest further softening of the sanctions policy on Iraq.
Recent reports suggest that the de-articulated models have been removed from circulation.
Recent reports suggest that transmission can occur in the absence of lesions.
Recent reports suggest that transmission CAN occur in the absence of lesions.
Recent reports vary and the challenge continues.
All recent reports are in stock for immediate despatch.
Many recent reports point to the beneficial effects of aspirin and alcohol on the heart.
More recent reports are also available .
More recent reports blame tobacco use for nearly half of all deaths in the United States.
More recent reports indicate that the movie has been scrapped.
More recent reports show a downward trend in accuracy for sonography that is perhaps more realistic.
More recent reports suggest that Pakistan has opened up yet another area of collaboration.
Most recent report is listed first.
Most recent report is online.
Most recent reports are available online.
Most recent reports deny the relationship between CB and sinusitis.
Most recent reports provide the url for the full text of the document.
Some recent reports indicate that the sufferings of inmates have intensified further.
Some recent reports say that the Balinese spirit remains true.
Some recent reports single out IT as the most pervasive technical innovation of the post-war era.
Recent reprints are available.
Recent research appears to confirm maitake s ability to stimulate immunity and inhibit tumor growth.
Recent research argues against the addiction theory in all types of animals.
Recent research backs that up.
Recent research backs up parents belief in the program s effectiveness and long term benefits.
Recent research bears out the economic impact that immigrants are having.
Recent research challenges the entrenched notion of traditional education supremacy.
Recent research challenges the long-held view that fiber prevents colon cancer.
Recent research concerns the development of a synthetic blood substitute for humans.
Recent research confirms the co-relation between good nutrition and high academic performance.
Recent research confirms the use of elder for colds, coughs and the flu.
Recent research confirms the wild pet problem throughout the region.
Recent research confirms what men have long suspected and, in some cases, feared.
Recent research demonstrates that minorities are over-represented in motor vehicle crashes.
Recent research documents serious problems in medical care at the end of life.
Recent research documents the benefits to students from participating in a full-day program.
Recent research does indicate that the powder dips are effective.
Recent research does show the practice is rampant.
Recent research emphasizes the importance of eligibility.
Recent research emphasizes the ways in which schools contribute to poor student performance.
Recent research finds people that suffer from anxiety attack insomnia etc.
Recent research finds that ordinary support hosiery can help reduce leg and foot discomfort.
Recent research focuses instead on their utility in carrying out work in the real world.
Recent research focuses on defensive distancing and modern and traditional U.S. presidents.
Recent research focuses on solid-phase nucleic acid hybridization.
Recent research focuses on the dynamics of organizational diversity.
Recent research focuses on the role of ambient physical characteristics in human well-being.
Recent research focuses on two-level games and international cooperation.
Recent research focuses on understanding optical properties of clusters using light forces.
Recent research focuses on understanding optical properties of materials using light forces.
Recent research has focused on the sources of time parents devote to their children.
Recent research highlights the benefits of tight glycaemic control.
Recent research highlights the importance of social skills in employability and job performance.
Recent research hypothesize a correlation between learning style and success in online environments.
Recent research identifies several problem areas.
Recent research illustrates the point.
Recent research includes a focus on the question of how many physicians are needed.
Recent research includes a survey of the development of the world-wide web in Alabama.
Recent research includes radiative transfer modeling of star-forming regions.
Recent research includes studies on molecular markers and phylogeny of various insect groups.
Recent research indicates a direct link between diet and the leading causes of death in America.
Recent research indicates a withdrawal syndrome does characterize cocaine.
Recent research indicates ducks and Canada geese can excrete infective crypto into water supplies.
Recent research indicates medication can change one's chemistry, too.
Recent research indicates possible health benefits.
Recent research indicates Selenium has a particular affinity for skin cell support.
Recent research indicates successful treatment using a behavioral approach.
Recent research indicates that a leading cause of colic is a rapid change in fiber.
Recent research indicates that a link between xenoestrogens and breast cancer appears to exist.
Recent research indicates that a threshold based on damage is also useful.
Recent research indicates that apple cider and honey can dramatically improve cancer cure rates.
Recent research indicates that Arizona has plenty of company.
Recent research indicates that bear spray can be effective against some bears when used properly.
Recent research indicates that biocalix discourages the growth of anaerobic bacteria in the canals.
Recent research indicates that buried feces decompose more slowly than previously thought.
Recent research indicates that call charges are considerably cheaper than cellular and hotel phones.
Recent research indicates that cranberry juice can work to support urinary tract health.
Recent research indicates that employment for psychologists is likely to double in the next decade.
Recent research indicates that even low levels of smog can have an effect on human health.
Recent research indicates that exercising . . .
Recent research indicates that geese prefer certain grass species over others for food.
Recent research indicates that girls do better in collaborative learning situations.
Recent research indicates that great white sharks probably only attack humans by mistake.
Recent research indicates that if ovarian cancer is detected early, a cure is possible.
Recent research indicates that it is probably exponential .
Recent research indicates that knowledge and awareness is only one part of the equation.
Recent research indicates that large nuclei are deformed , causing magic numbers to shift .
Recent research indicates that large nuclei are deformed, causing magic numbers to shift.
Recent research indicates that lutein protects against heart disease and cancer.
Recent research indicates that mercury can have a detrimental effect upon immune system activity.
Recent research indicates that mitigation banks are also contributing to wetland loss.
Recent research indicates that most of the new roots grow from the cut end.
Recent research indicates that muscle tissue throughout the body has an element of local memory.
Recent research indicates that psoriasis is likely a disorder of the immune system.
Recent research indicates that seniors who volunteer reap health benefits from volunteer work.
Recent research indicates that students across the country are flunking healthy eating.
Recent research indicates that students learn the most when they communicate about course material.
Recent research indicates that such a gradient in materials actually impedes drainage.
Recent research indicates that surface deposits of diatomaceous earth play an important role.
Recent research indicates that the best time to build bone mass is during adolescents.
Recent research indicates that the concepts of numbers and arithmetic are present in newborns.
Recent research indicates that the early years of marriage are crucial.
Recent research indicates that the subspecies trautmanni is actually the 'lost' Phelsuma modesta .
Recent research indicates that the virus can hide out for years and resurface any time later.
Recent research indicates that there are significant health considerations involved as well.
Recent research indicates that they are due a combination of physical and environmental factors.
Recent research indicates that wood beneath dressed wounds rots faster than wood left undressed.
Recent research indicates the sector's energy use is decreasing.
Recent research indicates there's more to penguins than meets the eye.
Recent research involves several book length publications and articles.
Recent research involves the explosive charge and delivery system used on the vessel.
Recent research involves the generalized class of skewed distributions and their applications.
Recent research is devoted primarily to community ecology.
Recent research is encouraging.
Recent research is in community-based crime prevention programs and crime policy agendas.
Recent research is in the areas of headache, cardiovascular disorders and psychophysiology.
Recent research is listed under each area heading.
Recent research is read and critiqued.
Recent research is relative to the understanding of invoice documents.
Recent research links some of the chemical byproducts of chlorine disinfection to cancer. .
Recent research links the brain and emotions as powerful partners.
Recent research lists the following ten businesses that are most likely to fail.
Recent research looks into the gender differences in email communication .
Recent research offers hope for new treatments.
Recent research offers some insight .
Recent research offers some insights into both.
Recent research pertaining to education is discussed.
Recent research points out that some sheep seem to be more resistant to foot rot than others.
Recent research projects Social integration of young people through training and employment schemes.
Recent research proposes adaptive applications as a complementary solution.
Recent research proves that there are better designs for bat friendly gates over vertical entrances.
Recent research pushes back the dates for omnivory in evolution.
Recent research reaffirms the crucial contribution of good nutrition to human development.
Recent research reflects myriad and surprising benefits from biodiversity.
Recent research reveals a number of strategies for genome economy, and some are indeed surprising.
Recent research reveals rapid movement between welfare and work.
Recent research reveals sleep patterns change at puberty.
Recent research reveals that palm and coconut oils are relatively unhealthy.
Recent research reveals that women are often willing to pay more than men for improved services.
Recent research says it's the quality of teaching.
Recent research says no.
Recent research says otherwise.
Recent research says sea level rise is to blame.
Recent research says to buy the funds with hot hands.
Recent research seems to back up century-old knowledge.
Recent research seems to indicate that hammerheads go there for mating purposes.
Recent research seems to support that proposition.
Recent research seems to validate long-standing claims about the health values of green teas.
Recent research sheds new light on the body's timing mechanisms.
Recent research shows an increase in pigs per litter from adding folic acid to sow rations.
Recent research shows considerable effects of experience on the adult brain as well.
Recent research shows exactly the opposite.
Recent research shows girls are catching up on the gender gap.
Recent research shows good potential for management of the seed chalcid.
Recent research shows how IHs are adjusting to times of uncertainty, opportunity and no guarantees.
Recent research shows how individuals and institutions gain from greater diversity on campus.
Recent research shows however that cystic kidneys are inherited.
Recent research shows it has anti-cancer properties.
Recent research shows known item searches to be the prime use of online public access catalogs.
Recent research shows our efforts toward reducing teen drug use is working.
Recent research shows soothing music has an amazing range of healing effects.
Recent research shows that a deep, tender feeling of affection can begin at various times.
Recent research shows that apart from motor functions cerebellum also has some emotional role.
Recent research shows that at least some of the cars received the early herald.
Recent research shows that bullying has actually increased and become more vicious and cruel.
Recent research shows that certain lifelong habits are the best preventive against osteoporosis.
Recent research shows that children do better when their mothers take care of themselves.
Recent research shows that consumers prefer the tenderness and juiciness of barley-fed beef.
Recent research shows that depression runs in families.
Recent research shows that education is the primary driver of parental interest in the Internet.
Recent research shows that experience has considerable effects on the adult brain as well.
Recent research shows that exports spur productivity growth and, hence, real wage growth.
Recent research shows that fall seeded grass is much stronger and hardier than spring seeded grass.
Recent research shows that form to be calcium citrate malate.
Recent research shows that good teaching matters a lot.
Recent research shows that it is a more accurate screener for infection.
Recent research shows that lauric acid is present, which is also present in human mother's milk.
Recent research shows that lithium lowers the risk of suicide for people with bipolar disorder.
Recent research shows that many complications are related to blood sugar control.
Recent research shows that many employers think graduates lack key skills needed in the workplace.
Recent research shows that many homes contain an average of less than one book.
Recent research shows that many people delay calling an ambulance, sometimes for several hours.
Recent research shows that many supplements also influence the behavior of genes in a positive way.
Recent research shows that microbial communities are dynamic over space and time.
Recent research shows that obesity is related to a higher Alzheimer risk.
Recent research shows that rural renters have significant housing needs.
Recent research shows that sexual harassment is common in middle schools and high schools.
Recent research shows that simple dietary changes can often keep the heart beating normally.
Recent research shows that smokers have a fifty-percent chance of becoming impotent.
Recent research shows that students who use word-processing tools write more.
Recent research shows that the actual fertile time lasts for only about six days each cycle.
Recent research shows that the bran and part of the endosperm is removed during the puffing process.
Recent research shows that the health gap in Australia has widened in the past two decades.
Recent research shows that the joints can become jammed at time of impact .
Recent research shows that the master regulator itself is controlled by processes within the cell.
Recent research shows that there are increasing levels of stress experienced in the workforce.
Recent research shows that there are one-thousand pandas left in the world.
Recent research shows that there is a multifaceted inflammatory component to the disease.
Recent research shows that there is increased voter interest in issues that affect children.
Recent research shows that they are propagating a falsehood.
Recent research shows that wrinkling is related to vasoconstriction .
Recent research shows the campaign was extremely memorable among target audiences.
Recent research shows the combination seems to be working.
Recent research shows the difference in rate of self injury in men and women is less marked.
Recent research shows the Florida winter tomato and Mexican export market are considered as one.
Recent research shows the importance of another construct, the role of emotions, on satisfaction.
Recent research shows the stress-protective effects of ashwagandha and ginseng to be about the same.
Recent research shows the type likely does belong to Sinatruces.
Recent research shows violence in the home shapes young lives from the earliest months of life.
Recent research shows whole corn to be superior to rolled for young calves.
Recent research shows why.
Recent research suggest that even the oldest known libraries held music documents.
Recent research suggests a modest labour market response to the new tax credit.
Recent research suggests a much closer relationship to the cycads than to the conifers.
Recent research suggests a tumor suppressor effect.
Recent research suggests chamomile acts as a natural antihistamine.
Recent research suggests it does.
Recent research suggests just the opposite.
Recent research suggests marketers are looking for eyeballs in all the wrong places.
Recent research suggests otherwise.
Recent research suggests that a combination of medication and talk therapy is of great benefit.
Recent research suggests that a moderate-intensity workout can assist in achieving a deeper sleep.
Recent research suggests that an unequal distribution of income can hamper growth.
Recent research suggests that basil can help fight bacteria, viruses, and chronic diseases.
Recent research suggests that bottom friction significantly modifies the near bottom flow.
Recent research suggests that certain bacteria are beneficial and necessary for health.
Recent research suggests that circadian time is a highly variable clock type.
Recent research suggests that cognitive limitations make independence an impossibility.
Recent research suggests that diets high in stearic acid help lower total blood cholesterol.
Recent research suggests that drinking expectancies are related to alcohol consumption patterns.
Recent research suggests that even when patients recover, there are significant residual effects.
Recent research suggests that exercise is at least as good as medication for treating depression.
Recent research suggests that fungal biodiversity is much higher than previously thought.
Recent research suggests that health risks are greater than previously thought.
Recent research suggests that human agency is altering the climate.
Recent research suggests that it is some kind of opiate, chemically related to morphine.
Recent research suggests that IUDs work by preventing sperm and egg from joining.
Recent research suggests that Neanderthals matured at the same rate as humans.
Recent research suggests that one marriage in four is closer to the true divorce rate.
Recent research suggests that our young people are becoming fatter, slower and stiffer.
Recent research suggests that plowing on a dark night decreases the germination of some weed seeds.
Recent research suggests that state and local pension funds now perform relatively well.
Recent research suggests that stem cells can engraft with much less toxic preparative regimens.
Recent research suggests that such concern is justified.
Recent research suggests that the answer lies in the plasticity of a child's brain.
Recent research suggests that the bond between fathers and daughters is especially vulnerable.
Recent research suggests that the evolutionary origin of venom lies deep in the squamate phylogeny .
Recent research suggests that the evolutionary origin of venom lies deep in the squamate phylogeny.
Recent research suggests that the main cause of injury is training too many days in succession.
Recent research suggests that the risk of problems during pregnancy is extremely low.
Recent research suggests that, on average, wild females give birth only every eight years.
Recent research suggests there is reason for the straying heart.
Recent research suggests they manufacture their own chemical defense substances .
Recent research suggests they manufacture their own chemical defense substances.
Recent research supports many benefits for school uniform programs.
Recent research supports such expectations.
Recent research supports that idea.
Recent research supports that.
Recent research supports the important role of Jewish education separate from formal schooling.
Recent research supports the use of comprehensive treatment strategies.
Recent research tends to confirm some of the fears.
Recent research tends to indicate training in counseling and clinical psychology are very similar.
Recent research underscores the subtlety and complexity of the components of adaptive response.
Recent research validates mothers' lore.
Recent researches demonstrate that most of that scenario is false.
Recent researches have led to sequencing the genes but large gaps in our knowledge exist.
Many recent researches indicate thai no general formula can yet be given for prulufilasmic miiLtare.
More recent research gives testimony to the miracle of human milk.
More recent research indicates the agency probably is correct and success soon is unlikely.
More recent research is aimed at suppressing only the undesirable immune responses.
More recent research is interested in the fate of youth in public space.
More recent research pertains to experiences and recovery practices for angioplasty patients.
More recent research reveals that a pigeon has two independent mechanisms for determining direction.
More recent research seems to indicate that depression leads to heart disease.
More recent research show probable influences from all the peoples of the Mediterranean as well.
More recent research shows that care giving also results in added cost to business.
More recent research suggest that tokenism and gender or race play their part.
More recent research suggests that marked inequality is often an obstacle to growth.
Most recent research examines the nature of racial categories.
Most recent research indicates that one of the planets in the star system is very suitable for life.
Some recent research does point to soda consumption as a possible factor in teenage obesity.
Some recent research shows that stress and strenuous activity can impact pregnancy outcomes.
Recent resignations reach eight.
Recent resolutions are also available.
Most recent responses appear at the top of each page.
Recent results appear to favor values near the border between the purple and yellow areas.
Recent results demonstrate that auditory input into the song system is gated by behavioral state.
Recent results demonstrate that it also optimizes the function of antibodies during application.
Recent results illustrate the surprising power of pure functionality.
Recent results improve our understanding of fundamental properties of itinerant ferromagnets.
Recent results indicate that ancient Antartic ice-sheets behaved dynamically.
Recent results obtained by different groups show significant differences.
Recent results represent the progress.
Recent results suggest that collisions play an important role in the life cycles of galaxies .
Recent results suggest that collisions play an important role in the life cycles of galaxies.
Recent results suggest that the regulation involves alternate start sites.
Most recent results are under the Live heading.
Recent retirees bring years of experience, insight, and reflection to their writing.
Recent retirees welcome.
Recent reviews call Go the best at handling plain-language queries.
Recent reviews laud the program especially in the area of ease of use.
Recent reviews say both bands put on energetic, passion-filled shows.
Recent reviews suggest that omnivory dominates consumptive relationships in natural food webs.
Recent reviews suggest yet another view of the relationship between stress and alcohol drinking.
Recent reviews support limiting the intakes of calcium and phosphorus during the dry period.
Recent rumors suggest the pair is considering marrying.
Recent rumours indicate that replacement units are being sought.
Recent rumours suggest that the current government is about to announce an unchanged policy.
Recent sales gives some overview on trends in sale prices.
Some recent sales reflect that our feature service is useful to a worldwide market.
Recent samples are at the right end of the graph.
Recent samples show very low levels of total hydrocarbons in water.
Recent schemes allow for the identification of individual articles within publications.
More recent scholars contend that any criminal act tears at our social and moral fabric.
Recent scholarship disagrees here.
Recent scholarship emphasizes the role of formal institutions in shaping political systems.
Recent scholarship explores the appeal of the pastoral as an innate search for pastoral iconography.
Recent scholarship favors a narrow definition.
Recent scholarship reads the same text and finds just the opposite.
Recent scholarship unmasks the homophobia behind such mistranslations.
More recent scholarship changes the picture dramatically.
Much recent scholarship explores the persistence of local culture in the face of imperial hegemony.
Recent Searches Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Most recent search is listed last.
Some recent seasons have production photos, artist biographies, and opera synopses.
Recent security crackdowns on both groups has significantly reduced their prowess, say analysts.
Recent seminars are recent regional meetings.
Recent series suggest that previously missed gastrinomas are commonly in the duodenum.
Recent seventies light rock vocal trio.
More recent sightings are different still.
Recent signs are at least somewhat encouraging here.
Recent signs are encouraging.
Recent signs are more encouraging, and include a decline in the total fertility rate.
Recent signs give cause for worry.
Recent signs indicate that is likely.
Recent signs indicate that the tensions of Sudan are increasing.
Recent signs suggest just that.
Recent signs suggest that time is approaching.
More recent simulations focus on diffusion across a heated surface.
Some recent snaps are here .
Recent snapshots stay on disk until they are overwritten by newer snapshots.
Most recent sources give it full species status.
All recent species are shallowwater forms, except one which is abyssal in habitat.
Recent specifications require a tolerance to bounded wind gusts without loss of stable performance.
Recent standards come to mind.
Recent stars show a tendency to more brighter than usual by using magnesium's etc.
Recent statements indicate that their agenda is nearly complete.
Recent statistics are frightening.
Recent statistics confirm an explosive growth in international telephone call centres.
Recent statistics confirm it.
Recent statistics cover the last decade.
Recent statistics document the increasing prevalence of youth violence.
Recent statistics highlight the importance of having an exclusive right to transmit good content.
Recent statistics highlight the magnitude of the problem.
Recent statistics indicate progressively poorer results in the annual entrance examinations.
Recent statistics indicate that one out of every three businesses pays a penalty each year.
Recent statistics indicate that over two million students in the United States are home schooled.
Recent statistics indicate that over two million students in the United States are home-schooled.
Recent statistics point toward declines in violence, weapons, and other crimes at schools.
Recent statistics prove that.
Recent statistics reconfirm that drugs are ensnaring young people as never before.
Recent statistics reveal that gender gaps in access at all levels of education are closing.
Recent statistics reveal that more women than men use the Internet.
Recent statistics reveal the following about workplace violence.
Recent statistics say no.
Recent statistics seem to prove it.
Recent statistics show a growing interest in wireless business applications.
Recent statistics show an average reelability of percent for good cocoon varieties.
Recent statistics show an upturn in the incidence of crime.
Recent statistics show drug use is on the rise.
Recent statistics show foreclosures are on the increase.
Recent statistics show less than half of all families in America are wired at home.
Recent statistics show that Canada has some distinct advantage in Internet resources.
Recent statistics show that holding foreign currencies shows steady growth.
Recent statistics show that more young women than young men smoke.
Recent statistics show that rape is still all too prevalent in America.
Recent statistics show that school violence is down.
Recent statistics show that serious violent offending by people on bail is very low.
Recent statistics show that the majority of the rural counties are growing again.
Recent statistics show that the only age group in which the suicide rate is rising is adolescents.
Recent statistics show the disadvantage of Aboriginal people in Australia today.
Recent statistics show the white male is literally disappearing from America.
Recent statistics shows that readers are over half a million per year.
More recent statistics are also difficult to reconcile.
More recent statistics confirm the pattern.
More recent statistics show little improvement.
Some recent statistics provide a sense of the growth of narrowband Internet access.
Most recent status report from the seven college consortium.
More recent stones are typical contemporary Jewish headstones - some Hebrew and symbols.
Recent stories are available at no charge.
Recent stories say that a ghostly young man in a Civil War era uniform is sometimes seen here.
More recent stories tell what the stars are up to now.
Most recent stories appear first.
Most recent stories list first.
Recent strands are mixed with Russian olive.
Recent stream cuts into glacial deposits and lays down alluvium consisting of silt, sand and gravel.
Some recent students are poets whose work is regularly published.
Recent studies affirm the financial benefit for the successful management graduate.
Recent studies are available for downloading.
Recent studies are available with some useful statistics.
Recent studies are in agreement.
Recent studies bear out Flores' observation.
Recent studies cite the significant progress made in the area of gender equity.
Recent studies conclude that black women respond to treatment at about the same rate as whites do.
Recent studies confirm our fears.
Recent studies confirm that one out of four children are obese.
Recent studies confirm that parents are the key to creating safe new drivers.
Recent studies confirm the benefits.
Recent studies confirm the positive impact of families eating meals together.
Recent studies confirm the potency of school ground peer pressure.
Recent studies continue to support the latter findings.
Recent studies demonstrate that cigarette smoking behaviors vary by race and by sex.
Recent studies demonstrate that drug use by young people is on the rise in the United States.
Recent studies demonstrate that endometriosis can be managed equally well with laparoscopic removal.
Recent studies demonstrate that stutterers have an abnormal speech-motor control system.
Recent studies demonstrate the discovery of putative disease subtypes from gene expression data.
Recent studies demonstrate the unborn baby actually competes with the mother for nutrients.
Recent studies do, however, now seem to be coming down in favour of the first school of thought.
Recent studies do, however, show some benefits from products such as tofu and soy milk.
Recent studies draw comparable skepticism.
Recent studies estimate that one female zebra mussel can release at least a million eggs per year.
Recent studies evaluating additional dietary factors are in progress.
Recent studies examine polarization textures and droplet shapes of spontaneously magnetized liquids.
Recent studies examine the exploding market for IT pros.
Recent studies explore the topic of resilience from a multidisciplinary perspective.
Recent studies find anesthesia care worldwide is operationally a nursing function.
Recent studies find immigrant children doing better in school than native children.
Recent studies focus on complexation of cations by macrocylic ligands.
Recent studies focus on marine algae, sea stars, sea urchins and marvelous burrowing shrimp.
Recent studies have demonstrated that prayer, even through distant healing, can be effective.
Recent studies have revealed protein is instrumental in the functioning of the human immune system.
Recent studies have shown that Ecstasy is a dangerous drug-it is like a lobotomy in pill form.
Recent studies have there is a buildup of free radicals during exercise.
Recent studies have underlying cognitive impairment.
Recent studies highlight the physiological role of insulin as a modulator of brain function.
Recent studies implicate involvement of a mitotic checkpoint pathway.
Recent studies imply that U.S. men are misinformed.
Recent studies indicate a rise in adolescent heroin abuse.
Recent studies indicate an increase use of pepper sprays by criminals.
Recent studies indicate extensive violence in television programs.
Recent studies indicate genetic links to brain disorders.
Recent studies indicate important considerations when using interferon.
Recent studies indicate one out of every four people is angry at any point in time.
Recent studies indicate other folic acid benefits.
Recent studies indicate people want quality customer service.
Recent studies indicate such worries are misplaced.
Recent studies indicate that American children are the world's most overweight kids.
Recent studies indicate that aspirin is better for red wine headaches than other forms of relief.
Recent studies indicate that asthma is a growing problem nationally, particularly among children.
Recent studies indicate that autoimmune diseases tend to run in families.
Recent studies indicate that both numbers have increased significantly.
Recent studies indicate that e-merchants can ill afford to neglect the returns process.
Recent studies indicate that even moderate exercise can reduce prostate cancer risk.
Recent studies indicate that every child of divorce is damaged by it.
Recent studies indicate that immunological ignorance rather than tolerance is prevalent.
Recent studies indicate that in many practice settings PAs are being underutilized.
Recent studies indicate that it can increase glucose tolerance and decrease blood sugar levels.
Recent studies indicate that it helps support good mental function.
Recent studies indicate that lawyers appointed to take such cases often perform inadequately.
Recent studies indicate that many adults get only half or less of their daily calcium requirement.
Recent studies indicate that many baby boomers look for meaning outside formal religion.
Recent studies indicate that many patients with schizophrenia receive pooror inadequate care.
Recent studies indicate that most organizations at any point in time are seriously under-performing.
Recent studies indicate that most people use only about half of what is needed for full protection.
Recent studies indicate that most people vastly overestimate the health risks of smoking.
Recent studies indicate that neurotrophins also modulate synapse development and plasticity.
Recent studies indicate that no safe level of lead exists.
Recent studies indicate that nutrition plays a role in macular degeneration.
Recent studies indicate that only about half of all smokers are advised by their doctors to quit.
Recent studies indicate that people can become infected with drug-resistant viruses.
Recent studies indicate that privacy is becoming the number one issue in the workplace.
Recent studies indicate that religious practice leads to greater health and longevity.
Recent studies indicate that Sea Buckthorn flavonoids help maintain healthy circulation.
Recent studies indicate that Sea Buckthorn flavonoids help maintain healthy circulatory system.
Recent studies indicate that smokeless tobacco users have a much higher occurrence of decay.
Recent studies indicate that sniffing solvents during pregnancy can cause birth defects.
Recent studies indicate that soil pH also deserves attention.
Recent studies indicate that spelling is visually acquired.
Recent studies indicate that student academic achievement improves in modified calendar schools.
Recent studies indicate that the anthocyanidens of bilberry have been used as anti-aging substance.
Recent studies indicate that the demand for qualified teachers is rising.
Recent studies indicate that the majority of dissertations never are published anywhere.
Recent studies indicate that the median age of skiers and snowboarders is increasing.
Recent studies indicate that the more favorable the terms the higher the price.
Recent studies indicate that the ozone hole over Antarctica is now approximately the size of Europe.
Recent studies indicate that the problem of cross-contamination is national in scope.
Recent studies indicate that the situation is more complex than that.
Recent studies indicate the importance of identifying specific areas of genetic damage in cancer.
Recent studies indicate the interconnectedness of all life.
Recent studies indicate their effectiveness even in reversing advanced heart disease.
Recent studies indicate there are other concerns.
Recent studies indicate very few bird fatalities.
Recent studies indicate weight training is better for bone building than calcium supplements.
Recent studies indicate young people themselves want to learn more about managing money.
Recent studies indicate, however, that sex in marriage is actually better than TV shows portray it.
Recent studies indictate adaption for heat dissipation or loss.
Recent studies involve the lipid-loving, fluorescent dye, DiI, which diffuses along cell membranes.
Recent studies involving more female subjects reveal that drinking differs between men and women.
Recent studies link exposure to smoking in movies with adolescent smoking initiation .
Recent studies link it to significant developmental harm in children at minute doses.
Recent studies link periodontal disease with heart disease, hypertension and high cholesterol.
Recent studies link regular use of oatmeal to significant reduction in blood cholesterol.
Recent studies link somatization to child abuse, particularly sexual abuse.
Recent studies link the use of alcohol-based mouthwashes to oral and pharyngeal cancer.
Recent studies link very small particles in the air to cancer.
Recent studies offer insights into their origin and hormonal influences.
Recent studies offer some fascinating facts about the reasons, and the rewards.
Recent studies peg the magic number at eight seconds.
Recent studies point to the antioxidants in wines as being good for the heart.
Recent studies point to the severity of the problem.
Recent studies present a disturbing picture.
Recent studies present conflicting results.
Recent studies prove that banner advertising is becoming less and less effective.
Recent studies provide empirical evidence of bias leaking into trials.
Recent studies provide some promising revelations.
Recent studies raise renewed alarm about the threats to reefs.
Recent studies report no differences due to gender or age.
Recent studies reveal a west coast cranberry species that is resistant to leafhopper feeding.
Recent studies reveal alarming increases in dental fluorosis.
Recent studies reveal how the certain psychological patterns of women considering abortion.
Recent studies reveal that dysplastic nevi are more likely to turn into melanoma than normal moles.
Recent studies reveal that host rejection and cuckoo egg mimicry co-evolve.
Recent studies reveal that playa lakes also play a significant role in recharge.
Recent studies reveal that resveratrol can inhibit each step of multistage carcinogenesis.
Recent studies reveal that the industry has more job openings than trained applicants.
Recent studies reveal that they can absorb organic molecules through vestigial gut and body wall.
Recent studies say nothing about the effects of smoking.
Recent studies say that lead travels from the bone to the blood stream in a fashion quite similar.
Recent studies say that today's teens are less fit than ever before.
Recent studies say the long-term outlook for media is robust.
Recent studies seem to bear out the bullish mentality growing within the fixed wireless industry.
Recent studies seem to confirm that it is.
Recent studies show a direct correlation between crime rates and a lack of job skills.
Recent studies show a direct link between early abuse and later violence against others.
Recent studies show a link between gum disease and heart attacks.
Recent studies show a wide distribution of individual time values for given income levels.
Recent studies show an alarming increase in hearing loss in youngsters.
Recent studies show antioxidant, anticancer and antimalarial activity.
Recent studies show arsenic routinely leaches from the wood.
Recent studies show class size makes little difference in student learning.
Recent studies show eating apples can fight cancer.
Recent studies show elimination exotic grasses leads to greater plant and animal diversity.
Recent studies show half of the U.S. work force has no retirement plan.
Recent studies show how tuition costs threaten parents' retirement.
Recent studies show it can prolong the life of patients approximately three months.
Recent studies show it's almost impossible to get fat on the humble spud.
Recent studies show just the opposite.
Recent studies show millions living in unhealthy homes.
Recent studies show more and faster bone growth in the presence of silica.
Recent studies show most students take five, six or even more years to finish college.
Recent studies show no major improvement in overall survival when all stages are considered.
Recent studies show obesity is up six percent over the past year.
Recent studies show otherwise.
Recent studies show quercetin, a bioflavonoid, reduces inflammation.
Recent studies show smallmouth bass are eating a lot of small perch.
Recent studies show strong links between poverty and poor health and poor achievement at school.
Recent studies show suicide among young blacks is also a major problem.
Recent studies show that a child's biological clock moves forward in the teen years.
Recent studies show that a strong midsection is key to feeling centered and staying well.
Recent studies show that a third of American adults and a quarter of American children are obese.
Recent studies show that addictions are more diverse and complicated than commonly thought.
Recent studies show that adults in our society just don t get enough sleep.
Recent studies show that aerobic exercise can help stimulate the growth of new brain cells.
Recent studies show that anxiety disorders probably are inherited.
Recent studies show that autistic children are often misperceived and misunderstood.
Recent studies show that banner advertising is becoming less and less effective.
Recent studies show that binge drinking is on the rise among sixth through eighth grade students.
Recent studies show that caffeine increases calcium loss through the urine.
Recent studies show that canker development can take place throughout the year.
Recent studies show that catalog sales are growing quickly.
Recent studies show that deploying bar code scanners in the home increases customer retention.
Recent studies show that depression is one of the top medical conditions affecting women.
Recent studies show that dong quai dilates blood vessels, which can reduce blood pressure.
Recent studies show that during . . .
Recent studies show that exercise prevents gallstones.
Recent studies show that exposition halls benefit more from consumer shows than trade shows.
Recent studies show that fatigue is the most debilitating side effect of cancer treatment.
Recent studies show that fencing requirements and other safety regulations are ineffective.
Recent studies show that Florida's tourism industry is stronger than ever.
Recent studies show that fossas nap and hunt day or night, depending on mood or circumstance.
Recent studies show that illicit drug use, particularly marijuana, is on the rise among teenagers.
Recent studies show that immunity to tumor antigens works similarly to any cellular antigens.
Recent studies show that improvement persists for three or more years after stopping allergy shots.
Recent studies show that in teenage pregnancies, fatherhood has been virtually ignored.
Recent studies show that individuals eat more sport caught fish than was previously assumed.
Recent studies show that insects can follow complex foraging patterns at great distances.
Recent studies show that it now takes most students five, six or even more years to finish college.
Recent studies show that kids are deeply affected by divorce.
Recent studies show that kids today want honest information about sex, love and relationships.
Recent studies show that lifestyle plays a bigger role than heredity in many common cancers.
Recent studies show that many girls begin menstruating at an earlier age than in years past.
Recent studies show that many women misdiagnose their own vaginal yeast infections.
Recent studies show that married couples generally live a longer, better, healthier lives.
Recent studies show that more than half of all the homeless population use drugs regularly.
Recent studies show that obesity in children has more then doubled in the last decade.
Recent studies show that obesity rates skyrocketed in America during the last decade.
Recent studies show that one in every five school children has a major allergy.
Recent studies show that one out of every four people in America is struggling with depression.
Recent studies show that one out of three new businesses in the United States is run from the home.
Recent studies show that parents and caregivers affect young people's opinions on drug use.
Recent studies show that pegaga has a positive effect on the circulatory system.
Recent studies show that people who exercise regularly are less likely to be depressed.
Recent studies show that rape is still all too prevalent.
Recent studies show that recent studies are meaningless.
Recent studies show that runners . . .
Recent studies show that screening reduces mortality from colorectal cancer.
Recent studies show that shorter mortality is more related to inactivity than to body weight.
Recent studies show that smoke and dust particles can significantly damage human health.
Recent studies show that some parts of the agricultural industry rely on undocumented workers.
Recent studies show that soy protein reduces nerve related discomfort.
Recent studies show that soy protein reduces nerve related pain.
Recent studies show that the actual purpose was for astronomical observance.
Recent studies show that the consumers have a lot to gain from increased price transparancy.
Recent studies show that the crisis of affordable housing continues to worsen.
Recent studies show that the digital citizens are more optimistic, tolerant and committed to change.
Recent studies show that the failure rate for software development projects has actually risen.
Recent studies show that the father-daughter bond is extremely important.
Recent studies show that the most favored vegetable is corn and the least is spinach.
Recent studies show that the range of the butterfly is actually much larger than thought.
Recent studies show that the rates of breast pain are much higher than had previosly been thought.
Recent studies show that the risk is highest in the first four months after insertion.
Recent studies show that there are also residual benefits to vigorous exercise.
Recent studies show that there are increasing numbers of walleye in the lake.
Recent studies show that there are significant brain differences between bonobos and chimps.
Recent studies show that they also eat comb jellies .
Recent studies show that trace levels of multiple pesticides cause increased aggression.
Recent studies show that tractors accounted for two out of every five accidents.
Recent studies show that tuberculosis rates are higher among the foreign-born.
Recent studies show that two-thirds of America's teens have gambled in the last year.
Recent studies show that university structures are geared towards men.
Recent studies show that various types of music can influence the human body in a number of ways.
Recent studies show that women are becoming increasingly aggressive drivers.
Recent studies show that women are now being infected at a greater rate than men.
Recent studies show that women in particular are powering the commercial growth of the Internet.
Recent studies show that women obtain most of their physical activity in nonexercise settings.
Recent studies show that women often drink to relieve depression and anxiety.
Recent studies show the increased involvement of organized crime groups.
Recent studies show the quality of life of cancer patients can be improved with physical exercise.
Recent studies show the rate of new infections has more than doubled in the past four years.
Recent studies show the service sector to be the largest growing element in our economy.
Recent studies show toxic contamination is the problem.
Recent studies show women are more likely to enjoy increased communication with a female physician.
Recent studies show, it's easy and it tastes good, too.
Recent studies shows polar bears in some regions are down a third in body weight.
Recent studies shows the weightlessness is a state of potential dangerous for humans.
Recent studies suggest a good outcome over ten years, for selected patients, with observation alone.
Recent studies suggest a link between high intakes of fruits and vegetables and heart health.
Recent studies suggest a more complicated explanation.
Recent studies suggest a reduction in osteoporosis as a result of treatment with statin drugs.
Recent studies suggest an alarming incidence of dysplasia in homosexuals with anal condyloma.
Recent studies suggest an auto-immune cause.
Recent studies suggest it plays an important role in organogenesis as well.
Recent studies suggest lighting can create health risks.
Recent studies suggest magnesium reduces the risk of heart disease.
Recent studies suggest risk less than twice that of nonusers.
Recent studies suggest semiconductor workers have an increased incidence of work-related illness.
Recent studies suggest senior poverty is currently underestimated.
Recent studies suggest smokers have a greater risk of developing psoriasis.
Recent studies suggest that adult stem cells have great therapeutic potential.
Recent studies suggest that allergies and asthma are increasing worldwide.
Recent studies suggest that anoxic microenvironments exist within aerobic activated sludge.
Recent studies suggest that as many as one couple in six suffer from infertility.
Recent studies suggest that blood sugar levels can be lowered twice as much by tripling the dosage.
Recent studies suggest that breastfeeding helps prevent some cancers in the mother.
Recent studies suggest that carotenoids can reduce the incidence of cancer.
Recent studies suggest that cats develop complex and fluid matriarchal hierarchies.
Recent studies suggest that cetirizine is effective in the treatment of mosquito bites in adults.
Recent studies suggest that children gauge the overall meaning and message of fights between adults.
Recent studies suggest that desperate piranhas are attracted more by activity than by blood.
Recent studies suggest that environment, nutrition and health-care access all make a difference.
Recent studies suggest that even one dose of Ecstasy can damage the brain.
Recent studies suggest that improved lighting quality increases productivity.
Recent studies suggest that income inequality in Japan is nearing American levels.
Recent studies suggest that larger mouses provide more support.
Recent studies suggest that men and women value and use technology differently.
Recent studies suggest that moderate walnut consumption can help reduce cholesterol levels.
Recent studies suggest that oxpeckers do little to reduce the number of ticks per host animal.
Recent studies suggest that proton pump inhibitors are the preferred form of medical therapy.
Recent studies suggest that smokers go through several stages before quitting for good.
Recent studies suggest that some people have a genetic predisposition to autism.
Recent studies suggest that species richness is greatly reduced through deforestation.
Recent studies suggest that the fear of pain is much worse than the pain itself for such patients.
Recent studies suggest that the funds track the market.
Recent studies suggest that the Internet s impact on pricing has been less dramatic than feared.
Recent studies suggest that the prevalence of the disease is higher than what was first thought.
Recent studies suggest that they are even more important than previously had been thought.
Recent studies suggest that treating older adults with high blood pressure can be beneficial.
Recent studies suggest that ventral cell islands contain different kinds of cells.
Recent studies suggest the media have a definite bias against guns and gun ownership.
Recent studies suggest they are toxic.
Recent studies suggest, however, that poor households move in and out of poverty a great deal.
Recent studies support that conclusion.
Recent studies support the effectiveness of low-calorie sweeteners in controlling caloric intake.
Recent studies support the idea that students who do well in music also excel in math.
Recent studies support the popular belief that animals feel intense, humanlike emotions.
Recent studies support the treatment modality of ultrasonic instrumentation.
Recent studies support what many gays have always suspected.
Recent studies talk of a pilot shortage, and the airlines are actively courting military aviators.
Recent studies tend to indicate there is an undercurrent of gender bias in the legal profession.
Recent studies using topical, intralesional, or systemic interferon show similar results.
Recent studies vary greatly in their reports regarding who makes up the Internet audience.
Recent study indicates that an immunological abnormality is responsible.
Recent study indicates that tree rubbing is more for scent marking than for dislodging velvet.
Recent study reports effects of spinach on patients with age-related macular degeneration.
Many recent studies document cause for concern.
Many recent studies offer further evidence.
More recent studies bear that out.
More recent studies come to diametrically opposite conclusions.
More recent studies confirm the earlier ones.
More recent studies confirm the failure of infant industry protection.
More recent studies confirm the scope of the problem.
More recent studies focus on functional illiteracy.
More recent studies indicate that the increases are continuing.
More recent studies reveal that head lice actually thrive in clean hair.
More recent studies show alpha lipoic acid enhances glucose uptake activity.
More recent studies show that laughter also can help prevent heart problems.
More recent studies show that the Sun expands and shrinks in an eighty-year cycle.
More recent studies show trans-fatty acids are also bad for the heart.
More recent studies suggest that it is a physical condition caused by hormonal effects.
More recent studies suggest that mutation is a metabolic process under genetic control.
More recent studies suggest the percentage has probably risen in the decade since then.
Most recent studies point out that chitin is a good inducer of defense mechanisms in plants.
Some recent studies point out the effects more clearly.
Some recent studies reveal that fatty foods, mostly animal fats, also contribute to breast pain.
Some recent studies see it differently.
Some recent studies show uterine ruptures are less likely with spontaneous labor.
Some recent studies suggest more favorable figures.
Some recent studies suggest more homes contain multiple computers.
Some recent studies suggest that as little as five per cent of PR budgets is spent on evaluation.
Some recent studies underscore their worries.
More recent stuff is at the top.
More recent stuff seems boring.
Most recent subjects are at the top.
Recent submissions are as follows.
Most recent submissions are at the top of the page.
Recent success leads naturally to the hyperbole of Australian cricket.
Many recent supercomputers employ either a cluster-based design or a highly scalable network.
Recent survey is available.
Recent survey proves .CC to be the only working Chinese domain name.
Recent survey shows that students are quite pleased with their economic situation.
Recent surveys contain special e-commerce sections.
Recent surveys demonstrate that bullying and cruelty are fairly common in our schoolyards.
Recent surveys demonstrate the active religious beliefs of our citizens.
Recent surveys have addresses low-income child care needs, and characteristic of food pantry users.
Recent surveys indicate a population which is twice what managers believe is desirable.
Recent surveys indicate an overwhelming satisfaction by students in every curricular department.
Recent surveys indicate that almost all employers demand computer literacy of some sort.
Recent surveys indicate that as many as one in five teens suffers from clinical depression.
Recent surveys indicate that consumers desire electricity generated from clean renewable resources.
Recent surveys indicate that consumers want a consistent source for factory-fresh batteries.
Recent surveys indicate that corporate crime and violence is on the upswing.
Recent surveys indicate that employers of all types and sizes are moving toward electronic commerce.
Recent surveys indicate that far more old growth acres exist.
Recent surveys indicate that marijuana use is on the rise.
Recent surveys indicate that network professionals are well paid.
Recent surveys indicate that people are staying home more than ever before.
Recent surveys indicate that preparations for the introduction of the single currency are uneven.
Recent surveys indicate that price is the most important factor in deciding to churn for consumers.
Recent surveys indicate that Scotland's share of the spoils is increasing rapidly.
Recent surveys indicate that some local populations of bladderpod are doing well.
Recent surveys indicate that their support remains strong.
Recent surveys indicate that times have changed.
Recent surveys indicate the harbor seal population is doing well and has been increasing.
Recent surveys indicate there is a continued downward trend.
Recent surveys make clear that consumers are plenty worried about the future.
Recent surveys reflect customers' positive response to the renewed focus on service quality.
Recent surveys report that it has disappeared from a majority of historic sites.
Recent surveys reveal that the public is scared silly by the media.
Recent surveys show a continuous increase in number of fishermen.
Recent surveys show growing confidence in the light bulb lighting up again.
Recent surveys show high numbers of browns and whitefish in the river.
Recent surveys show high numbers of browns and whitefish.
Recent surveys show interesting responses to that question.
Recent surveys show land ownership hasn t changed dramatically in the past few years.
Recent surveys show much opposition to voucher initiatives in California and Michigan.
Recent surveys show race fans to be very loyal to the products advertised through racing.
Recent surveys show strong optimism in the small business community.
Recent surveys show that actual buying online is progressing slowly.
Recent surveys show that consumers are increasingly concerned about job security.
Recent surveys show that grass and cocaine use have leveled off or declined among teens.
Recent surveys show that Internet security is the greatest threat to e-commerce.
Recent surveys show that kids' perception of risk in taking drugs is way down.
Recent surveys show that kids seem to be catching on.
Recent surveys show that low-income families visit national forests less often to avoid the fees.
Recent surveys show that most UK mobile phone users are on the wrong package for their use.
Recent surveys show that one out of every three marriages in the U.S. is an interfaith marriage.
Recent surveys show that residents are pleased with the results.
Recent surveys show that science enjoys extremely high support among the public.
Recent surveys show that store operators themselves cause much of the worker unrest.
Recent surveys show their population is skyrocketing.
Recent surveys suggest that a majority of parents support school choice.
Recent surveys suggest that business executives are growing more pessimistic.
Recent surveys suggest that many are critical of the court for letting in more immigrants.
Recent surveys suggest that the addax is now nearly extinct in the wild.
Recent surveys suggest that they do.
Recent surveys underscore the importance of citizen involvement.
Many recent surveys cite hiring difficulties.
Recent symptoms are very important as well.
All recent systems come with it installed.
More recent systems are still vulnerable to time problems.
More recent systems can track several dozen at once.
More recent systems support a higher degree of dynamic reconfiguration.
More recent techniques involve the use of acoustic technology.
More recent techniques try to determine the language of the text before doing the conversions.
Recent technology advances in searching make the ouch less frequent.
Recent technology is capable of recognizing a form by the data field it contains.
Recent tests are good.
Recent tests indicate the cancer is in remission.
Recent tests indicate the problem still exists with other companies.
Recent tests show that carbon faces always experience some pitting in hot oil applications.
More recent tests have internal validity scales that help determine whether a person is faking.
More recent testimony suggests that conditions have only worsened.
Recent testing performed by an independent lab shows the results below.
Recent textbooks are preferred.
More recent theologians treat conversion and repentance immediately after regeneration.
Recent theories are that salamanders developed well before the tailless frogs and toads.
Recent theory is discussed in relationship to management and project applications.
Recent theory is discussed in relationship to management applications.
Recent theory is discussed in relationship to managementapplications.
Recent theory is discussed in relationshipto management applications.
More recent theories demonstrate that battered women resist abuse in a variety of ways.
More recent theses are full text on the web.
Recent thought focuses on effectiveness rather than efficiency in education.
Recent times speak more emphatically.
More recent tools enhance the experience with audio and video interaction as well.
Recent topics address program building, erg training and conflict resolution.
Recent topics range from software design to political philosophy.
Recent topics shows links to multi-paged topics.
More recent topics are motion and color.
Recent tournaments have been sellouts, so early registration is recommended.
Recent traces are more standardized.
Recent traffic increases across auction sites are primarily the result of new, first time users.
Recent training is much more exacting.
Recent training is preferred.
Recent transcripts includes minutes, briefing information, slides and other documents.
More recent transcriptions retain ampersand and superscripts.
Many recent translations emphasize new-ageism, feminism, etc.
More recent translations are more modern in their approach.
Recent transplants are in good condition.
Recent travelers are a good source of information.
Recent treatments describe as many as fourteen species or as few as two.
Recent trends analyses show a steady improvement in air quality in the Baton Rouge area.
Recent trends are particularly inauspicious.
Recent trends are toward more intensive farms constructed on higher ground.
Recent trends blend traditional regional fare with contemporary styles and lighter ingredients.
Recent trends cite individual weakness as the primary cause.
Recent trends confirm that an upswing is beginning.
Recent trends do however indicate a slight increase.
Recent trends favor accomplishing required training through distributed learning methods.
Recent trends have individuals returning home from the hospital with more acute conditions.
Recent trends indicate new residential development is more compact.
Recent trends indicate that Hispanic distribution groups sell it from stash houses.
Recent trends indicate that our residents are choosing to seek out fellowship programs.
Recent trends indicate the participation of the private sector.
Recent trends involve a resurgence of interest in methods for informal exploratory analysis of data.
Recent trends make the attainment of such skills both more difficult and more imperative.
Recent trends point to an increase in numbers of patients using public sector health facilities.
Recent trends point to even higher growth rates.
Recent trends show a decline in traditional seminar attendance.
Recent trends show an ominous increase in security assistance.
Recent trends show more independents than ever.
Recent trends show that buyers are willing to pay more for a home near a natural area or open space.
Recent trends show that home-based businesses are becoming the wave of the future.
Recent trends show that many people are starting their own small businesses.
Recent trends show that people in the United States are becoming disconnected from the outdoors.
Recent trends show that pregnancies are again on the rise amongst our teenagers.
Recent trends show that students are being forced to attend universities closer to their homes.
Recent trends suggest a quieting of changes in the family, or at least of the pace of change.
Recent trends suggest just the opposite.
Recent trends suggest that international organizations are building constituencies of their own.
Some recent trends seem destined to continue.
Recent trials appear to show the transplants are feasible.
Recent trials contradict findings that estrogen helps protect the hearts of menopausal women.
Recent trials suggest long-term improvement in respiratory symptoms following antireflux surgery.
Recent trip reports.
Most recent trip reports at the top.
Some recent trips use techniques.
Recent troubles are largely of our own making.
Recent unemployment is the main reason people seek food assistance.
Recent unemployment is the primary reason for persons needing food assistance.
Recent update provides a new graphical look to the page.
Recent updates allow reading and writing and support hard and soft links.
Recent updates appear in red type .
Recent updates appear on the homepage.
Recent updates are here .
Recent updates Go to the list of seismic processes.
Recent Updates Go to the list of seismic processes.
Most recent updates are at the bottom.
Most recent updates are at the top of the list.
Most recent updates are at the top.
Most recent updates start at the top of the column.
Recent upgrades are immediately apparent.
Recent upgrades are to numerous to list.
Recent users can help pinpoint a problem by describing any symptoms that they observed.
Some recent variants carry their own robotic arms.
Recent versions appear to have dumped configure and have a simple build process again.
Recent versions are better.
Recent versions are extremely easy to use, and the learning curve is sharp and quick.
Recent versions contain features.
Recent versions contain new features.
Recent versions cover a lot more.
Recent versions detect a wider variety of problems and recommend solutions.
Recent versions have high-tech steel and depleted uranium armor.
Recent versions provide drastic improvements to quality and performance.
More recent versions test for more viruses and are too big to fit on a floppy disk.
Most recent version is number seven.
Most recent versions contain features.
Most recent versions contain new features.
Recent victims are often in a state of shock and confusion.
Recent video enacts the same trends on the cheap.
Recent videos bear out their claims.
Recent videos employ excellent, professional actors and directors, and use real settings.
Most recent videos are on the top of the lists.
Recent vintages seem to show a necessary return to consistency.
More recent vintages are likely to be less long-lived.
Most recent virus alerts.
Some recent Viruses use the victim's address book to send copies of itself.
Recent visits describe the state of the Jewish community today.
Recent visitors have knowledge.
Recent visitors have little knowledge.
Most recent visitors have knowledge.
Most recent visitors have little knowledge.
More recent voices join the barrage.
Recent volumes are also available on-line .
Recent volumes have few obituary notices.
Recent volumes show how much activity comes from the brokers themselves.
More recent volumes are also available.
Most recent volume has a cumulative index for all previous volumes.
Most recent volume is located in Ready Reference.
Most recent volumes are at the circulation desk.
Recent Weddings Shown below are examples of our most recent weddings.
Recent winners have a lengthy biography and press coverage.
Recent Winners Watch for the latest contest and promotions.
More recent wisdom includes . . .
Recent work addresses the role of molecular differences on the left and right sides of the brain.
Recent Work Click the images below for a better view, and more pix of each.
Recent work concerns non-planar data.
Recent work confirms the contested nature of the theoretical ground.
Recent work continues to be auto-biographical.
Recent work covers ion channel fluctuations, and the mechanism of molecular motors.
Recent work demonstrates that inflammation leads to decreased stability of the atheromatous plaque.
Recent work done in color fields confirm that some colors affect the nervous system.
Recent work emphasizes a cost benefit analysis rather than probability bounds.
Recent work emphasizes cataloging tropical scale interaction.
Recent work emphasizes the hydrological cycle.
Recent work explores the power of women in today's society.
Recent work extends the conclusion to the conceptually similar task of projectile interception.
Recent work focuses on data integration or addresses systematic control integration only partially.
Recent work focuses on grammatical agreement, and word order variation.
Recent work focuses on planning, valuing, and launching technology ventures with energy firms.
Recent work focuses on the effects of xenobiotics on mitochondrial function.
Recent work focuses on the ferromagnetic state and the nature of the transition to it.
Recent work has involves genes influencing energy expenditure.
Recent work has some relationship to the literature on endogenous economic growth.
Recent work includes a study of technology licensing in UK manufacturing.
Recent work includes analysis of green tax reforms, deficit reduction and capital income taxation.
Recent work includes bead necklaces incorporating hand-fabricated silver beads.
Recent work includes commercial emotion engineering and web based strategic information systems.
Recent work includes fire growth simulation and analysis of fire danger rating systems.
Recent work includes investigation of a brick culvert in Wrest Park gardens.
Recent work includes karyotypic studies of the banded darter, and the bantam sunfish.
Recent work includes legal billing, mass mailing, and membership databases.
Recent work includes Ongoing studies involving heterotrophic succession in animals.
Recent work includes paintings in acrylic on paper.
Recent work includes papers on divestment and financial services.
Recent work includes research in technologies for web site augmentation.
Recent work includes room temperature manipulation of complex molecules.
Recent work includes studies of light propagation in highly scattering media.
Recent work includes the development of a prototype to enhance electronic mail communication.
Recent work includes the development of collaborative environmental modeling over the Internet.
Recent work includes the inspection and re-inspection of youth services.
Recent work includes thesis on enhancing consumer confidence in the electronic marketplace.
Recent work includes transcribing plantation slave books from Virginia , and South Carolina.
Recent work indicates such singularities are also present in axi-symmetric flow.
Recent work indicates that abnormal sleep and psychopathologies share a common cause.
Recent work indicates that blueberries contain compounds having anti-cancer properties.
Recent work indicates that trehalose also promotes survival of yeast under extreme heat conditions.
Recent work involves heliospheric physics related to cosmic ray transport.
Recent work involves isolating and characterizing novel neurotoxic peptides in insect venom.
Recent work involves spinning particles in gravitational fields.
Recent work is also concerned with environmental policy issues.
Recent work is encouraged.
Recent work is focused on the regulation of gene transcription.
Recent work is generally the most pertinent.
Recent work is illustrated by publications.
Recent work is underway to explore other methods, also with success.
Recent work points to the core element in communications is the neural prism .
Recent work provides evidence that commercial success is correlated with set-based thinking.
Recent work provides new information on the mechanisms of the oxidation process.
Recent work reflects interests in psychology, literature, and aesthetics.
Recent work shows that the dance conveys distance information quite accurately.
Recent work shows, however, that menin is localized to the nucleus.
Recent work suggest a paraphyletic series of basalmost sauropodomorphs.
Recent works are preferable.
Recent Works Click on the image to return to the first page.
Recent works explore the beauty, joy and knowledge in Jewish life.
More recent work allows client replacement of the paging policy as well.
More recent work appears to back up the earlier reports.
More recent work confirms the helpful effects of schooling.
More recent work involves learning control strategies for skilled sensori-motor tasks.
More recent work relies on the textural paint surface which embodies symbolic stitch marks.
More recent work shows that zircons have other uses too.
More recent works are also on exhibition.
More recent works incorporate newer influences.
Most recent work involves developing and demonstrating a new sub-micron surface profile tool.
Most recent work involves development of retail site, facade, and interior design.
Most recent work is on four-fermion production at colliders.
Most recent works are of still life, trompe l' oeil compositions, and figurative works.
Some recent work has a memory based flavor.
Some recent work involves the mathematical theory of wallpaper patterns.
Some recent work is highlighted below.
Some recent work is outlined below.
Recent wreck discoveries and more.
Recent writings support such imaginary.
More recent writings are historical accounts of the expedition and biographies.
Recent years are much in demand and several years have already sold out.
Recent years give much evidence of such self-destructiveness.
Recent years have ozone levels that are less than half of what was observed previously.
Recent years have witnessed an explosion in storage requirements, our needs appear to be insatiable.
Recent years provide numerous examples of creative destruction.
Recent years see death.
Recent years show a substance abuse epidemic so widespread that media reports are still alarming.
All recent years are times suicide rates decline.
Many recent years appear strikingly similar to what is predicted regionally.
More recent years are available from the census web site.
Most recent years see death.
Some recent years bring wealth.
A receptacle is a container
Receptacle holds samples of ore, oil, water, and a variety of small objects and substances.
Receptacle is the base of a flower which connects the flower with the branch of that plant.
Receptacles are available for waste and debris.
Receptacles are containers.
Receptacles are fittings.
Receptacles are in place throughout the park for garbage.
Receptacles are part of stalks.
Receptacles are the access to that power.
Receptacles are to be used by park visitors for rubbish generated at the park only.
Receptacles arise from leaf axils and are occasionally forked.
Receptacles can be custom-designed for disposable applications.
Receptacles feature heavy duty hinged steel lids.
Receptacles occur at the ends of axes of algae such as Fucus .
Receptacles snap in and out to accommodate changing electrical requirements.
Receptacles start to form but none are fertile.
Reception classes remain closed.
Some reception halls charge full price for the vendors' meals.
A reception room is a room
Reception room ruins.
Reception can always give some recommendations.
Reception can be either on only one half antenna or on both.
Reception can be poor inside a ferro-concrete apartment block, hotel etc.
Reception can now search for a patient from any queue.
Reception Check back for updated information.
Reception combines precise director spacing with efficient corner reflector system.
Reception depends on availability of broadcast sources in the user's area.
Reception deteriorates gradually from the center of the footprint.
Reception features a multicultural buffet, Indian classical and folk dances, and art display.
Reception follows All events are FREE and open to the public.
Reception follows ceremony.
Reception follows completion of training and orientation classes.
Reception follows concert.
Reception follows in Caldwell Auditorium.
Reception follows in parish hall.
Reception follows in Rockefeller Refectory.
Reception follows in Simon Courtyard.
Reception follows in the cafeteria.
Reception follows in the lobby.
Reception follows in the rectory.
Reception follows lecture.
Reception follows performance.
Reception follows recital.
Reception follows seminar.
Reception follows show.
Reception follows talk.
Reception follows the concert.
Reception follows the forum.
Reception follows the presentation.
Reception follows the service.
Reception follows worship.
Reception follows, honoring seniors and award recipients.
Reception follows, south lobby.
Reception has, therefore, become somewhat easier.
Reception here is usually possible only in daytime.
Reception immediately follows.
Reception Invite prospective members to a reception.
Reception is a greeting
Reception is a prefab.
Reception is a simple massive Catalonian antique table.
Reception is an interesting subject when dealing with cell phones.
Reception is based on the line of sight and signal strength from Black Mountain.
Reception is better and there are fewer complaints from people unable to dial through.
Reception is broadcasting.
Reception is by invitation only.
Reception is by way of bread and pre-filled cups, using wine.
Reception is catchs.
Reception is clear, speaker output is plenty loud, antenna and headphone jack built in.
Reception is downstairs.
Reception is free and open to the public.
Reception is free of charge but by special invitation only.
Reception is free to all attendees and company sales representatives.
Reception is free, attendance is limited.
Reception is free.
Reception is good along main travel corridors.
Reception is greeting.
Reception is held elsewhere.
Reception is held only in the gazebos.
Reception is housed in a wholly unsuitable location, cramped and containing many unsafe features.
Reception is impressive with the external detachable antenna.
Reception is liable to disruption by interference during daylight hours.
Reception is located in country clubs.
Reception is located in halls.
Reception is located in large rooms.
Reception is located in lobbies.
Reception is located in receptionists.
Reception is located in restaurants.
Reception is located in wedding parties.
Reception is located on the first floor.
Reception is made mainly through surface and bottom reflections.
Reception is meetings.
Reception is much thinner and lighter than other dinnerware but has enormous strength.
Reception is often poor in remote areas, improving at night.
Reception is on the second floor.
Reception is on the third floor.
Reception is on the upper floor.
Reception is open to all conference attendees and the general public.
Reception is parties.
Reception is poor and sound quality abysmal.
Reception is pretty decent in the Hilo area.
Reception is resistant to mechanical and thermal shock, chipping, scratching and scoring.
Reception is socials.
Reception is something else entirely.
Reception is spotty, programming occasional, and equipment expensive.
Reception is superb even in areas that are remote as is the voice clarity.
Reception is the door before the gate.
Reception is the privilege, transmission the responsibility.
Reception is the process by which a text is disseminated and interpreted.
Reception is unaffected by the orientation of the telecoil.
Reception is unaffected by typhoons and other severe weather conditions.
Reception is used for eating.
Reception is used for waitings.
Reception is usually decent, even in spite of low phone quality.
Reception is usually fairly good.
Reception is usually possible only in daytime during years of high sunspot activity.
Reception Meet other graduate students and library staff.
Reception precedes conversation.
Reception precedes each lecture.
Reception precedes program.
Reception processes all citizen inquiries and assists in day to day mail operations.
Reception ranges from warm to hostile.
Reception remains poor until a permanent antenna is installed.
Reception retains a copy of the receipt.
Reception too is better than average.
Reception varies depending on internet traffic.
Reception Welcome to the reception.
Reception works similarly.
Receptions are free and open to the public.
Receptions are free of charge for all conference delegates.
Receptions are free.
Receptions are frequent and open to the public.
Receptions are okay.
Receptions are on first floor.
Receptions are optional.
Receptions are outside of basic responsibility of exhibitors.
Receptions are possible generally only if there is outside funding.
Receptions can be hors d' oeuvres receptions, standup buffets, seated buffets or seated dinners.
Receptions can be longer as guests can move around and get drinks.
Receptions can include a sit-down dinner or buffet with dancing.
Receptions can vary greatly in their degrees of formality.
Receptions follow each ceremony.
Receptions follow each forum as well.
Receptions follow each presentation.
Receptions follow the presentations.
Receptions have to be given for exhibit openings.
Receptions held at restaurants and public places can be so impersonal.
Receptions offer lecture attendees the opportunity to interact with the featured speaker.
Receptions provide an opportunity for recruiters to meet individual students in a social situation.
Receptions provide numerous examples of the combining of Indian and American wedding traditions.
Receptions typically follow.
All receptions are open to all graduates and their guests.
All receptions run from five to seven p.m. and include champagne and live music.
Every reception has a backoffice and is responsible for two lounges.
Most receptions are free of charge to prospective students.
Most receptions hire an outside bar service or make arrangements through the caterer.
Most receptions last no longer than two hours.
Some receptions make a stab at serious education using posters, videos and pamphlets.
Receptionist area is open and user friendly.
Receptionist area needs hard working, dependable person to work in a friendly environment.
Receptionist desk is on the right.
A receptionist is a secretary
Receptionist Call Back.
Receptionist introduces clients to the centre s facilities.
Receptionist is available to receive and immediately transmit all criminal complaints to the police.
Receptionist isa secretary.
Receptionist takes message.
Receptionists administer the survey to patients as they check out.
Receptionists aid in enhancing residence hall security by enforcing the escort policy.
Receptionists also greet visitors to an organization.
Receptionists also handle visiting, doing the data entry of visitors.
Receptionists answer calls only from callers wishing operator assistance.
Receptionists answer phone calls and provide information to callers.
Receptionists answer phones and perform other clerical duties.
Receptionists answer phones and take messages.
Receptionists answer questions from the public and provide information about the organization.
Receptionists are available to assist with basic queries from the public.
Receptionists are available to provide information about West Point and the surrounding area.
Receptionists are employed in virtually every industry.
Receptionists are immune to the powers of sour milk.
Receptionists are located in dentists.
Receptionists are located in desks.
Receptionists are located in doctors.
Receptionists are notorious for leaking information.
Receptionists are residents of the residence hall in which they work.
Receptionists are secretaries.
Receptionists are some of the most powerful people in the music business.
Receptionists are the only ones answering phones.
Receptionists can administer questionnaires.
Receptionists can also check for messages in other users' Inboxes.
Receptionists can even leave phone messages for employees.
Receptionists can pass out brochures and help with screening appointments.
Receptionists connect the caller to the appropriate department or staff person.
Receptionists do it in the vestibule.
Receptionists encourage visitors to drink tea or coffee.
Receptionists face situations.
Receptionists face stressful situations.
Receptionists gather people's prayer needs.
Receptionists greet visitors in the lobby, answer incoming calls, route calls and take messages.
Receptionists greet walk-in customers in hospitals and doctors' offices.
Receptionists handle a variety of tasks in many different business settings.
Receptionists have (part) arms.
Receptionists have (part) body substances.
Receptionists have (part) cell membranes.
Receptionists have (part) cells.
Receptionists have (part) corpi.
Receptionists have (part) cytoplasm.
Receptionists have (part) heads.
Receptionists have (part) human bodies.
Receptionists have (part) legs.
Receptionists have (part) material bodies.
Receptionists have (part) necks.
Receptionists have (part) nuclei.
Receptionists have (part) personality.
Receptionists have (part) plasma membranes.
Receptionists have (part) sections.
Receptionists have (part) vacuoles.
Receptionists have time for other duties.
Receptionists have to be there.
Receptionists only exist for sex appeal.
Receptionists perform other office tasks.
Receptionists perform tasks.
Receptionists provide general information about their organization to visitors.
Receptionists provide information to and answer questions for visitors.
Receptionists receive clients, phone calls, mail, etc.
Receptionists receive visitors and answer telephone calls.
Receptionists schedule future appointments and give information about services and products.
Receptionists should have communication skills.
Receptionists should have skills.
Receptionists take messages, schedule appointments, and maintain employee files.
Receptionists to provide services.
Receptionists use computers, fax machines, and multi-line telephone systems.
Receptionists wear cordless headsets.
Receptionists work in industries.
Receptionists work in service industries.
Receptionists work three to four hours weekly.
Receptionists work under a nine-month contract.
All receptionists speak English.
Many receptionists also perform secretarial duties.
Many receptionists spend all day answering continuously ringing telephones.
Most receptionists face situations.
Most receptionists face stressful situations.
Most receptionists perform other office tasks.
Most receptionists perform tasks.
Most receptionists work in industries.
Most receptionists work regular business hours in an office environment.
Some receptionists plead charge.
Some receptionists provide functions.
Receptionistsdaily duties vary depending on where they work.
Receptive aphasia involves difficulty understanding spoken or written language.
Receptive aphasia is aphasia
Receptive communication is the process of receiving and understanding a message.
Receptive females are always scarce, while active males are plentiful.
Receptive females attract males with conspicuous postures and facial expressions.
Receptive females channel the males' aggression into breeding behavior by their own responses.
Receptive females fly into the cloud of swarming males, and mate in flight.
Receptive females rush past peripheral males to get to central males for copulation.
Receptive females stand with hind legs apart and tail held to the side.
Receptive fields are unreliable on a single trial, but sensory perception is reliable.
Receptive fields become larger at later stages in the visual system.
Receptive language develops after expressive language.
Receptive language includes listening, following directions, and comprehension of words.
Receptive language is characterized by an increasing ability to localize sounds, such as a bell.
Receptive language is still stronger than expressive Reading with caregiver becomes cooperative.
Receptive language is usually more severely impaired than expressive.
Receptive language refers to the ability to process, interpret, and comprehend the spoken word.
Receptive language refers to the input system of language.
Receptive operators are on staff to step-on the bus as local guides.
Receptive proficiency is always much more advanced than productive language.
Receptive properties are to be contrasted from effective properties.
Receptive relaxation is a largely vagally mediated reflex.
Receptive relaxation is one of the deglutition reflexes .
Receptive skills refer to the way a child understands language.
Receptiveness isa disposition.
A receptivity is willingness
Receptivity can slow the impatient desire to move way too fast at times.
Receptivity is a generous opening of oneself to another, allowing the possibility of fecundity.
Receptivity is assured when the target is passive.
Receptivity is switched on in young adults.
Receptivity is the ability to tolerate and to be open to uncertain or paradoxical experiences.
Receptor cells come in all different sizes and types.
Receptor cells extract chemical signals from the environment through various filtering processes.
Receptor molecule is also an ion channel.
Receptor proteins are responsible for detecting, decoding and transducing signals into the cells.
Receptor proteins can also produce antibodies.
Receptor proteins extend through the cell membrane.
Some receptor proteins are intracellular.
Receptor sites are very specific as to the size and shape of the molecule that is recognized.
Receptor sites exist in tissues.
Receptor sites have complimentary shapes, like a lock.
All receptor sites work equally fast.
A receptor is an organ
Receptor also binds to immobilized rabbit actin or free neutrophil cytosolic actin.
Receptor indicates the presence of members of the methyl-accepting chemotaxis protein family.
Receptor is on adjacent cells.
Receptor is provided as a liquid in phosphate buffered saline to which no preservatives are added.
Receptor isa body part.
Receptor mediated endocytosis is used by the cell to gather and being atoms.
Receptor signalling is a major field of interest.
Receptor stops working.
Receptor wait proposal a.
Receptors act as the gateway between nerve cells.
Receptors activated by light provide different information about the magnetic field.
Receptors are an important part of the story of how viruses cause infection.
Receptors are another important control point for the effectiveness of synapses.
Receptors are cell components that combine with the hormone to alter the function of the cell.
Receptors are cells in the retina that perceive light.
Receptors are classified based on the source of the stimulus.
Receptors are down regulated during depression and immune system suppressed.
Receptors are in the cell membrane , with part of the receptor outside and part inside the cell .
Receptors are like letter boxes through which the enzyme can pass .
Receptors are molecules and structures that detect stimuli.
Receptors are molecules that allow cells to respond to chemical signals from other cells.
Receptors are molecules that receive messages from chemical messengers like dopamine.
Receptors are molecules within brain cells that detect and respond to the vitamin.
Receptors are necessary to cellular signalling, adhesion, and recognition.
Receptors are nerve endings that have a chemical reaction to the food that is being eaten.
Receptors are present in most cells and it likely has many additional effects.
Receptors are present on the cells in the human body just for the attachment of infectious agents.
Receptors are protein molecules that read and respond to hormone signals.
Receptors are protein tyrosine kinases.
Receptors are protein-based structures embedded in cell membranes which serve as relays for signals.
Receptors are proteins that serve as gatekeepers for the cell.
Receptors are proteins that typically sit on the surface of cells and bind molecules called ligands.
Receptors are proteins.
Receptors are responsible for filtering, transduction, amplification, and activation.
Receptors are same.
Receptors are sensitive to the rate of pressure change as well as to the steady or mean pressure.
Receptors are sites in and on brain cells that receive chemical messages.
Receptors are sites on cells that accept insulin and allow glucose to enter.
Receptors are small proteins that lie on the surface of a cell.
Receptors are specialized proteins that receive cellular signals.
Receptors are specific proteins that sit on the surface of cells and combine with substances.
Receptors are structures found on the surface of nerve cells.
Receptors are structures.
Receptors are subject to up and down regulation.
Receptors are such mechanisms as the eye, ear, and taste buds.
Receptors are the place where drugs act.
Receptors are vital links in the body's command chain.
Receptors bind hormones with specificity, affinity and saturation.
Receptors convert energy into electrical activity.
Receptors convert environmental stimuli into neural impulses.
Receptors detect changes from the stable state.
Receptors detect conditions.
Receptors detect different conditions.
Receptors detect different external conditions.
Receptors detect external conditions.
Receptors detect motion.
Receptors detect pain.
Receptors detect perceptible vibration.
Receptors detect stimuli.
Receptors detect vibration.
Receptors determine which cells respond to a given growth factor.
Receptors differ in the type of stimuli to which they respond.
Receptors embedded in the membranes of cells are a. proteins.
Receptors exist on cells that bind androgens.
Receptors have (part) corpi.
Receptors have different shapes, and thus interact with specific molecules.
Receptors have several properties.
Receptors have the ability to bind, internalize, and degrade thrombopoietin.
Receptors mediate their actions by a cascade of enzymatic actions.
Receptors recognise response elements which are related to a consensus sequence.
Receptors reduce their sensitivity if continuously stimulated.
Receptors resemble locks into which only certain keys can fit.
Receptors respond to chemical signals by starting or stopping particular activities within the cell.
Receptors respond to mechanical stimuli.
Receptors respond to stimuli.
Receptors share certain features with neurons.
Receptors stick out of the cell.
Receptors usually are picky about what they allow to bind.
All receptors transduce sensory input to a change in membrane potential.
Most receptors detect conditions.
Most receptors detect different conditions.
Most receptors detect different external conditions.
Most receptors detect external conditions.
Most receptors detect motion.
Most receptors detect pain.
Most receptors detect perceptible vibration.
Most receptors detect stimuli.
Most receptors detect vibration.
Most receptors respond to mechanical stimuli.
Most receptors respond to stimuli.
Some receptors are free nerve endings.
Some receptors are glycoproteins, others are phospholipids or glycolipids.
Some receptors bind to effector proteins that generate a second messenger molecule.
Some receptors can move from the cytoplasm to the nucleus.
Some receptors control activities.
Some receptors detect presence.
Some receptors detect pressure.
Some receptors enhance phagocytosis.
Some receptors facilitate deliveries.
Some receptors have essential functions.
Some receptors have functions.
Some receptors have specific functions.
Some receptors initiate killing, but other prevent killing.
Some receptors involve in phagocytosis.
Some receptors provide information.
Some receptors react to temperature while others react to pressure.
A recess is a solid
Recess can help students relieve stress, reduce anxiety and depression, and improve self-esteem.
Recess continues to be a topic of discussion.
Recess holds gasket firmly in place - assures proper placement.
Recess is a privilege.
Recess is a time for students to play fair, have fun, and be safe.
Recess is a very important part of the overall school program.
Recess is an opportunity for unstructured physical activity.
Recess is another formative activity, albeit at an earlier age.
Recess is at the end of the day.
Recess is based on a TV show.
Recess is both a physical activity and a socialization activity.
Recess is for two activities.
Recess is fun.
Recess is harder, though.
Recess is important for both social and physical development.
Recess is incredibly valuable to students and to teachers.
Recess is our artist.
Recess is over, but they're still playing games.
Recess is over.
Recess is popular for mileage programs.
Recess is the coolest.
Recess is to take place only in the designated areas of the playground.
Recess lasts approximately fifteen minutes so please nothing too complicated or involved.
Recess provides the arena.
Recess teaches children about the fundamentals, morals, and educational lessons of life.
Recesses are about the same time.
Recesses are enclosures.
Recesses are outside on the playground unless it is too cold or it is raining.
Recesses are uncommon in Russian schools.
Recesses begin at the end of the last scheduled class on the day listed.
Recesses formed in the walls provide space for chests and the display of various trophies.
Recessed backs allow for epoxy adhesion or insertion of standard employee badge cards.
Recessed buttons help prevent false alarms.
Recessed cap allows buoy to stand upright.
Recessed corners facilitate controlled pour-off.
Recessed eye allows buoy to stand flat.
Recessed fixtures provide direct lighting along the main circulation paths.
Recessed handles are available as an option.
Recessed lamp setting holds alignment longer.
Recessed latch holds lid tightly.
Recessed light is light fixtures.
Recessed lights add an elegant touch to any room and are easy to install.
Recessed lights are a challenge.
Recessed lights brighten the rooms and give the house a modern feel.
Recessed lighting can also spew huge volumes of warm air into the attic.
Recessed lighting can help modernize a room.
Recessed lip allows easy, drip-free sample pouring.
Recessed magnets attach the magnifier securely.
Recessed monitors permit faculty to see students faces, rather than back of monitors.
Recessed panels are the easiest.
Recessed rope handle for easy toting.
Recessed windows combined with overhanging eaves make the roof seem to float.
Recession velocity gets larger with distance.
A recession is an economic condition
Recession affects all sectors of the economy.
Recession affects every one though.
Recession can destroy confidence and ruin an economy.
Recession causes people to open their minds to gaining alternative sources of income.
Recession continues in construction industry Bonn.
Recession Develop a system that manages globally the pure velocity of money.
Recession equals huge revenues for discounters.
Recession impacts everyone.
Recession is a scary word.
Recession is caused by continuous operation at high power and RPM settings.
Recession is expressed in alternating planes of light and shadow.
Recession is mapped with a resolution that is approximately decadal.
Recession is now on the lips of every commentator.
Recession is over the horizon, apparently.
Recession reduces tax revenues.
Recession remains more possible than probable in most forecasts.
Recession see Business cycle .
Recession seems to be a possibility on the horizon.
Recessions are a good time, boom times are a good time.
Recessions are albums.
Recessions are always difficult.
Recessions are always miserable news for the party of incumbents.
Recessions are an inevitable, and ultimately healthy, part of the normal business cycle.
Recessions are economic conditions.
Recessions are hell, but they provide unique strategic opportunities.
Recessions are kind to few and cruel to many.
Recessions are largely a result of a letup in that consumer demand.
Recessions are low probability, they are rare and they happen for numbers of different reasons.
Recessions are natural events that purge excesses.
Recessions are natural in the early years of a major technology shift.
Recessions are never sudden.
Recessions are part of a capitalist economy.
Recessions are processions.
Recessions are shorter, expansions are longer.
Recessions are unavoidable.
Recessions are usually short lived.
Recessions are, therefore, macroeconomic in nature.
Recessions come in many shapes and sizes.
Recessions do the opposite.
Recessions eventually arrive.
Recessions feed on themselves.
Recessions have, however, become somewhat less frequent and more uniform.
Recessions hit kids.
Recessions is one of the coolest speakeasies in Washington.
Recessions keep everyone's hands in their pockets, and cooperation is lacking on every front.
Recessions mean high unemployment and high budget deficits.
Recessions occur about one year in four.
Recessions occur with unpredictable frequency and duration.
Recessions occur, but as to when, no one can predict that.
Recessions put enormous financial strains on family incomes.
Recessions start at the peak of a business cycle and end at the trough.
Recessions start in people's heads.
Recessions typically follow overheating.
Recessions usually lead to lower interest rates, reducing a portfolio's cash portion return.
Recessions usually occur when consumers stop spending, which then drives down income growth.
All recessions are about working off the excesses of the last expansion.
Every recession eventually ends.
Every recession throws up fallacious economic arguments to explain their emergence.
Most recessions involve a tangle of forces.
Most recessions last only a year or two before good times return.
Recessional moraines are simply terminal moraines from more than one advance.
Recessional moraines mark intermediate advances.
Recessional music begins.
Recessional music heralds the end of the ceremony.
Recessional music is played as the wedding party leaves the ceremony site.
Recessional music is quicker in tempo and livelier than the processional.
A recessive allele is a factor
Recessive alleles are alleles that can be masked by a dominant allele.
Recessive alleles are alleles.
Recessive alleles are necessarily more rare than dominant alleles.
Recessive alleles are rare.
Recessive alleles are the opposite of dominant alleles.
All recessive alleles cause genetic disease.
Many recessive alleles have harmful effects so inbreeding depression results.
Recessive bleed disorder is caused by factors.
Recessive cases appear to have more of the skeletal abnormalities.
Recessive colors are Blues and Pieds.
Some recessive conditions affect boys.
Recessive deafness occurs sporadically in families sometimes skipping several generations.
Recessive diseases affect people.
Recessive diseases are caused by mutation.
Recessive diseases are monogenic disorders that occur due to damages in both copies or allele.
Recessive diseases show up only when both copies of a pair of genes are abnormal.
Most recessive diseases affect people.
Most recessive diseases are caused by mutation.
Some recessive diseases affect men.
Some recessive diseases cause production.
Recessive disorder is caused by defects.
Recessive disorder is caused by factors.
Recessive disorders occur only when a pair of mutant genes is present at a homologous site.
Recessive disorders tend to result from failures in genes that code for enzymes.
Most recessive disorder is caused by defects.
Most recessive disorder is caused by factors.
Most recessive disorders related to the founder effect reach a plateau in frequency.
Some recessive disorder affects mucuses.
Some recessive disorder is caused by metabolism.
Some recessive disorder is caused by mutation.
Some recessive disorder is caused by point mutation.
A recessive gene is a factor
Recessive genes are genes.
Recessive genes are what cause different color variations - in tigers as well as people.
Recessive genes can include genes for calico and true white coloring, blue eyes and long hair.
Recessive genes express themselves only when crossed with another related recessive gene.
Recessive genes present in only one copy can be identified only by further genetic crosses.
Recessive genes require a chromosomal match from both parents to produce a given trait.
Most recessive genes are rare.
Recessive markers are better since contamination is easily remedied.
Many recessive mutations persist for a few generations at low levels before being lost again.
Recessive red is epistatic to spread.
Recessive red is epistatic to Spread.
A recessive is a factor
Recessives are hard to select against when rare because most are hidden in heterozygotes.
Recharge time depends both on sunlight available and on the individual notebook's requirements.
Recharge time depends on the current available and the depth of discharge.
Recharge time depends on the depth of the preceding discharge and the output current of the charger.
Recharge time is about two hours with one power pack and four with two attached.
Recharge time is approximately two to four hours.
Recharge time is shorter.
Recharge time varies depending on usage.
Recharge time varies, depending on usage.
Rechargeable batteries are a convenience available on higher-end devices.
Rechargeable batteries are a pretty easy purchase decision.
Rechargeable batteries are a type of reusable general purpose battery.
Rechargeable batteries are also available.
Rechargeable batteries are cheap and long-lasting.
Rechargeable batteries are cheaper per use and landfill friendlier.
Rechargeable batteries are famous for having problems.
Rechargeable batteries are far more convenient.
Rechargeable batteries are good in that they can be charged hundreds of times.
Rechargeable batteries are made with cadmium and nickel.
Rechargeable batteries are optional.
Rechargeable batteries are the best way to cut down on costs.
Rechargeable batteries are the largest source of cadmium in the municipal waste stream.
Rechargeable batteries are the most cost-effective way to go.
Rechargeable batteries are very convenient and environmentally friendly.
Rechargeable batteries are very heavy and take a long time to charge.
Rechargeable batteries come in many shapes sizes and chemical groups.
Rechargeable batteries come in many varieties and they all eventually die.
Rechargeable batteries complete the package.
Rechargeable batteries contain heavy metals and generally weigh more than double layer capacitors.
Rechargeable batteries do have their drawbacks, however.
Rechargeable batteries have a lower capacity than disposable alkaline batteries .
Rechargeable batteries have less capacity than primary cells as shown in the following chart.
Rechargeable batteries hold energy and, when triggered, release stored energy to the flash tube.
Rechargeable batteries lose capacity unless they are constantly trickle-charged.
Rechargeable batteries lose charge.
Rechargeable batteries make much more environmental and economic sense than single-use batteries.
Rechargeable batteries provide functions.
Rechargeable batteries provide output voltage.
Rechargeable batteries provide power for the electric drive motors.
Rechargeable batteries provide voltage.
Rechargeable batteries require external and often costly charging devices.
Rechargeable batteries sound just sounds like a marketing feature without real value.
Rechargeable batteries store energy.
Rechargeable batteries supply the power of the notebook.
Rechargeable batteries tend to discharge themselves much faster than non-rechargeables.
Rechargeable battery activates lights when power goes out.
Rechargeable battery gives greater flexibility when movement to various work areas is required.
Rechargeable battery lasts all day and is quickly recharges in a supplied recharging unit.
Rechargeable battery lasts up to two hours per charge.
All rechargeable batteries are recyclable.
Most rechargeable batteries lose charge.
Most rechargeable batteries provide functions.
Most rechargeable batteries provide output voltage.
Most rechargeable batteries provide voltage.
Rechargeable flashlights are a valuable purchase.
Rechargeable pump can inflate ten beds on a single charge.
Recidivism rate is very high.
Recidivism rates are extremely high upon release from prison.
Recidivism rates are high among prisoners.
Recidivism rates are still right up there.
Recidivism rates are very high.
A recidivism is a lapse
Recidivism is a concern.
Recidivism is also rampant.
Recidivism is an inadequate measure of the effects of arrest.
Recidivism is another source of frustration for the public.
Recidivism is based on the number of clients, no the number of referrals.
Recidivism is defined as reincarceration and excludes convictions involving other penal sanctions.
Recidivism is down in California.
Recidivism is high.
Recidivism is impacted the most when teaching young offenders how to read.
Recidivism is on the increase as rehabilitation programs are canceled.
Recidivism is the pretext with which to justify more and harsher prisons.
Recidivism is the tendency to slip back into previous, undesirable behavior pattern.
Recidivism leads to further emergency admissions.
Recidivism -Repeat offenders of the same crime.
Recievable frequency is in narrow range.
Recieve stock quotes any time of the day or night.
Recipe books are always in demand.
Recipe books are available by writing to Eden Foods.
Many recipe books are on hand for our customers to sit and read through.
Many recipe books featuring local Charleston and Low Country specialties are also on the shelves.
Many recipe books refer to summer and winter squash.
Some recipe books add vegetables.
Most recipe databases can import meal-master recipes.
All recipe directions are in English.
Most recipe websites have purslane dishes.
A recipe is instruction
Recipe calls for fresh fish sliced paper-thin, ginger root, bok choy, and lettuce.
Recipe calls for one shot whiskey.
Recipe calls for raisins and mixed fruit.
Recipe can be a main dish or appetizer.
Recipe can be halfed.
Recipe can easily be halfed.
Recipe doubles easily.
Recipe doubles well.
Recipe easily doubles if needed.
Recipe features on line recipe sizing that calculates the quantity of recipe ingredients needed.
Recipe follows for the rhubarb compote.
Recipe freezes well.
Recipe has to have paraffin to be the ligit one.
Recipe includes a lot of instruction on techniques.
Recipe includes instructions for making sambhar powder.
Recipe includes many ways to use it.
Recipe is adapted from restaurants in Tijuana.
Recipe is an old one from mom, who always made it with walnuts.
Recipe is based on single-layer cake.
Recipe is for a single serving.
Recipe is great for company.
Recipe is included.
Recipe is intended for personal use only.
Recipe is on the box of crystals sold wherever feeders are for sale.
Recipe is translated and converted from metric to U.S. measurements.
Recipe isa instruction.
Recipe Make a paste of grated coconut, garlic cloves and cumin seeds.
Recipe makes a gallon.
Recipe makes a lot of cookies, so cut it in half or freeze half the dough.
Recipe makes about six servings.
Recipe makes eight servings.
Recipe makes four servings.
Recipe makes two drinks.
Recipe makes two servings of fiber-full and vitamin rich deliciousness.
Recipe makes two servings.
Recipe offer on bottles and jars.
Recipe pages a list of the methods with summaries or a page grouping recipes by their uses .
Recipe remains the property of the family who submitted it.
Recipe seems southwestern.
Recipe serves six.
Recipe sheets on request.
Recipe Use fresh spiny lobster tails.
Recipe uses buttermilk, cocoa powder, and chopped walnuts.
Recipe uses no meat products.
Recipe uses nonfat milk.
Recipe uses very little sugar in it and is rolled in superfine sugar to sweeten.
Recipe works perfectly if scaled larger.
Recipe works well in a crock pot.
Recipe yields four servings when served as a main dish.
Recipe yields four servings.
Recipes abound for good ways to use summer blueberries.
Recipes abound in books, on the internet or in newspapers and magazines.
Recipes abound in each section.
Recipes abound with different dishes and different curries.
Recipes accomodate all eight days of the Passover holiday.
Recipes alone are boring.
Recipes also exist for making an organic nutrient at home.
Recipes also go here.
Recipes also welcome.
Recipes appear in three sizes to accommodate any machine make or model.
Recipes are a blend of the traditional and the imaginative.
Recipes are a combination of foods that have labels.
Recipes are alive and well on the Internet.
Recipes are alphabetical which hinders browsing.
Recipes are also available for quick meals, special diets and ethnic specialties.
Recipes are also available from GB the other big supermarket chain in French or Dutch.
Recipes are also available here.
Recipes are also available upon request.
Recipes are also available.
Recipes are also avaliable.
Recipes are also online.
Recipes are also simple and affordable.
Recipes are also welcome.
Recipes are always good.
Recipes are always welcome, as well as reports on apple variety taste-testing parties.
Recipes are always welcome.
Recipes are arranged by country, Each has a short introduction.
Recipes are available at pork s website.
Recipes are available for each program and a grocery list too.
Recipes are available for gourmet popcorn, grapefruit squeezies, and peanut butter critters.
Recipes are available from Farm Sanctuary.
Recipes are available from their book.
Recipes are available in both English and Spanish.
Recipes are available in conjunction with their products.
Recipes are available in homebrew books, the internet, and from many homebrew suppliers.
Recipes are available in the library.
Recipes are available in the mill.
Recipes are available in various low fat cookbooks.
Recipes are available on the Internet, along with ingredient price lists.
Recipes are available on their web site.
Recipes are available to our guests.
Recipes are available upon request for each of the unusual flours.
Recipes are available.
Recipes are bone simple, as easy to read as they are to make.
Recipes are clear and simple using readily available ingredients.
Recipes are complete with photos and nutrition information.
Recipes are cross-listed, so they appear in every category for which they are appropriate.
Recipes are direction.
Recipes are dream fodder.
Recipes are easy to come by online.
Recipes are easy to cook from and are wonderful to read.
Recipes are easy to follow and feature native Florida and regional foods.
Recipes are easy to follow, and each is accompanied by a complete nutritional analysis.
Recipes are easy to follow, as well as very tasty.
Recipes are easy to make and illustrated with line drawings.
Recipes are easy to prepare for the most part.
Recipes are easy to prepare, inexpensive, and easy to clean up.
Recipes are easy to prepare, inexpensive, easy to clean up and they taste great.
Recipes are easy to prepare, inexpensive, easy to clean up, and they taste great.
Recipes are excellent.
Recipes are for personal use only.
Recipes are for soups, salads and entrees.
Recipes are for special dishes, recipe are for ideas.
Recipes are for starred items only.
Recipes are for the quart, pint, pound, etc.
Recipes are for weak, uncreative people.
Recipes are free to our customers.
Recipes are from local people and their relatives.
Recipes are from sources all over the Internet.
Recipes are generally light.
Recipes are guidelines.
Recipes are healthy, delicious and simple to prepare.
Recipes are heavy on fresh produce and lots of seasonings.
Recipes are here for many nutritional dishes.
Recipes are high in fiber and calcium and low in animal fat.
Recipes are home-style, gathered from friends and relatives.
Recipes are important.
Recipes are in each issue.
Recipes are in English.
Recipes are in original format followed by a modern adaptation.
Recipes are in original format plus a modern adaptation.
Recipes are in standard categories, along with a search function.
Recipes are incomplete and confusing.
Recipes are interchangeable.
Recipes are international.
Recipes are just a beginning and can be easily modified.
Recipes are kept simple with wild herbs added for flavour.
Recipes are like scientific formulas.
Recipes are located in fridges.
Recipes are loose outlines rather than strict formulas.
Recipes are lower in fat and high in carbohydrates, with moderate protein.
Recipes are lye free.
Recipes are mostly as printed.
Recipes are mostly vegan, some using nonfat yogurt.
Recipes are of questionable pedigree.
Recipes are often secret and known only to a few people.
Recipes are on bottles.
Recipes are on the back of each photo.
Recipes are on the can.
Recipes are optional.
Recipes are original in the New Orleans, Charleston and old Virginia traditions.
Recipes are prepared, compared, and exchanged.
Recipes are primarily quick, easy and without a lot of ingredients.
Recipes are printable.
Recipes are quick to prepare, and include an elimination diet to avoid trigger foods.
Recipes are quite detailed with photographs.
Recipes are searchable by name and category.
Recipes are searchable, browsable by category and alphabetical.
Recipes are simple and quick.
Recipes are somewhat fussy.
Recipes are terse, tasty and timely.
Recipes are the rules of grammar of the culinary world.
Recipes are things to be shared with one another, and passed on from generation to generation.
Recipes are to be compiled with short stories and art work and printed for the community.
Recipes are to be found at the next link.
Recipes are trustworthy and often supplied by the same core group of long time netizens.
Recipes are unique and exotic, but approachable.
Recipes are useful only for experienced cooks.
Recipes are usually easy to spot in publications, even for the non-brewer.
Recipes are vegan, but text promotes fish.
Recipes are very specific, because they are designed for others to read and follow.
Recipes are very unique.
Recipes are well-edited with metric equivalents.
Recipes are well-presented and easy to follow.
Recipes are where the real work of filtering is done.
Recipes automatically adjust for number of servings.
Recipes based on our own page are all in English.
Recipes Be sure and open our cookbook to take a look at some outstanding recipes.
Recipes begin with homey tales on the origin, what makes it special, and serving suggestions.
Recipes call for baking the product in a canning jar and then topping with a two piece lid.
Recipes call for butters.
Recipes call for herbs.
Recipes call for large eggs unless otherwise specified.
Recipes call for measurements.
Recipes call for meat.
Recipes call for parsleys.
Recipes call for rock salt.
Recipes call for salt.
Recipes call for varying amounts of each ingredient.
Recipes call for water.
Recipes calling for fresh apricots are rare.
Recipes can be anything from the simple to the extravagant.
Recipes can be for desserts, main dishes, side dishes, or drinks.
Recipes can be innovative or have a twist to a classic dish.
Recipes can be nested, that is, a recipe can be an ingredient in another recipe at multiple levels.
Recipes can call for one or two rises.
Recipes can have multiple typecodes.
Recipes can include photos of family cooks, relationship charts, recipe origins, and family stories.
Recipes celebrate fresh seasonal foods that are at their most nutritious.
Recipes change each semester.
Recipes change weekly.
Recipes Check out our database of holiday favorites.
Recipes combine traditional Spanish, Native American and Mexican ingredients.
Recipes consist of proteins.
Recipes contain meat.
Recipes contain sources.
Recipes containing curry, mangoes, and sugar cane indicate a heavy reliance on colonial products.
Recipes contains traditional and contemporary recipes.
Recipes contains uncooked egg.
Recipes correspond with the contributor's personality.
Recipes cover the gamut.
Recipes cover the major food groups as well as menu planning and ingredient substitutions.
Recipes do change.
Recipes do sometimes change.
Recipes employing wheat come predominantly from the Middle East.
Recipes Enter a few keywords to search our site, or read our search tips to make advanced queries.
Recipes feature fusion style ingredients and cooking methods.
Recipes feature nutritional analysis.
Recipes Find loads of classic French recipes to please just about any palate.
Recipes Find many recipes to help make cooking easier.
Recipes flood in.
Recipes focus mostly on no-nonsense flavors.
Recipes follow rules.
Recipes form the Southwest.
Recipes go here direct from the moderators.
Recipes go home with the students, who are encouraged to cook the meal that week for their families.
Recipes go up on the site the day the show airs and stay online for two weeks.
Recipes have a print option.
Recipes have food.
Recipes have formulae.
Recipes have fresh vegetables.
Recipes have no sugar or gluten.
Recipes have nutritional breakdowns and diabetic exchanges.
Recipes have nutritional value information and cover all areas of the food ladder.
Recipes have vegetables.
Recipes help to a certain extent.
Recipes Here are some delicious recipes.
Recipes Here are specialties from Belgium.
Recipes highlight both individual fish dishes and combination plates.
Recipes include beef.
Recipes include dough.
Recipes include food.
Recipes include fresh vegetables.
Recipes include information.
Recipes include techniques.
Recipes include vegetables.
Recipes includes caloric values and exchange group listings.
Recipes includes sweets, soups, entre, etc.
Recipes indicate how to shape special breads and rolls.
Recipes is a popular feature offering delicious recipes.
Recipes Join our email list to receive our newsletter and other important information.
Recipes just couldn t be too varied, exciting, or interesting - safe never meant boring or bland.
Recipes lead students through multiple science discoveries.
Recipes Let's have some fun with tasty recipes from the good ol' days.
Recipes list ingredients, utensils needed, servings, rating of the recipe and the instructions.
Recipes list nutritional content, calories, and exchanges.
Recipes Look here to find herbal healthy recipes as food and formulas.
Recipes Make tasty treats with religious tie-ins.
Recipes offer tasty twists on traditional soups and sandwich combos.
Recipes offers a few recipes, Irish and south Louisiana favorites.
Recipes produce the best results when applied to fresh fish.
Recipes provide for all the courses of a meal, from soup to desserts.
Recipes provide nutritional analysis.
Recipes provide the information needed to make the dish.
Recipes provided are for meat and poultry pizzas, fish pizzas, and vegetarian pizzas.
Recipes range from appetizers through desserts.
Recipes range from apples stuffed with Italian sausage, to a pork tenderloin roasted with apples.
Recipes range from bean salads and tofu dishes to puddings and brownies.
Recipes range from breads and cookies to waffles to milk and ice creams.
Recipes range from breakfast eggs to double chocolate brownies.
Recipes range from drinks and appetizers to robust main dishes and mouth-watering desserts.
Recipes range from everyday cooking to choices for festive occasions.
Recipes range from family favorites to specialties passed on from popular local chefs.
Recipes range from grilling to beverages, and are searchable.
Recipes range from hearty stews to salads and desserts.
Recipes range from old fashioned foods to Mediterranean style.
Recipes range from plain to gourmet to ethnic.
Recipes range from plain, gourmet, ethnic and interesting.
Recipes range from quick and easy to bold and bodacious.
Recipes range from quick and easy to elegant, with a special section on kid-friendly recipes.
Recipes range from quick camp meals to exquisite gourmet dishes.
Recipes range from quick, cheap and easy to more elaborate special occasion delights.
Recipes range from simple soups to elegant desserts.
Recipes range from simple to esoteric.
Recipes range from the ethnically authentic to nouvelle cuisine.
Recipes range from the more common venison and rabbit to coot stew and deep-fried rattlesnake.
Recipes range from the ones in the title to dozens of other soul-satisfying southern favorites.
Recipes range from the simplest to the adventurous.
Recipes range from the very familiar to new twists on old favorites.
Recipes rely on the experience of the chef to know when enough flour has been added.
Recipes represent new ideas in home entertainment, and menus change every semester.
Recipes represent the entire diaspora and feature classic as well as contemporary dishes.
Recipes represent traditional methods of baking along with current trends in home entertainment.
Recipes require adult assistance.
Recipes require adult help and supervision.
Recipes See oyster introduction .
Recipes serve eight.
Recipes show nutritional information including fat, fiber, vitamin and mineral content.
Recipes sound delicious, but what are sultanas.
Recipes start with basic cheese fondues, then progress to ham, sausages, artichoke, and asparagus.
Recipes supplement many of the entries.
Recipes tend only to use thin slivers.
Recipes tend to differ from region to region and family to family.
Recipes tend to vary, depending on the talents and whims of the cook.
Recipes too are to be found, as well as inspiration.
Recipes use a minimum of ingredients and allow express checkout at the supermarket.
Recipes use commonly available food.
Recipes use fresh vegetables.
Recipes use simple ingredients, are simple to prepare, and are simply delicious.
Recipes use simple methods and short-cut preparation.
Recipes use spices.
Recipes use tasty spices.
Recipes use vegetables.
Recipes using good fats Unsaturated fats come from plant oils, nuts, seeds and fish.
Recipes using raw meat require even more care in food handling and cooking.
Recipes usuing soba vary according to the season.
Recipes vary depending on the ferret as do textures.
Recipes vary from being simple to difficult.
Recipes vary from easy to gourmet, traditional and contemporary.
Recipes vary from person to person with a few differences in ingredients here and there.
Recipes vary from place to place.
Recipes vary from region to region.
Recipes vary from state to state.
Recipes vary from traditional American favorites to exotic ethnic specialties.
Recipes vary, but all seem to include eggplant, onion, garlic, egg, olive oil, and often lamb.
Recipes frequently use local New Hampshire maple syrup, garden fresh vegetables and herbs.
Recipes often call for shrimp to be peeled and deveined.
Recipes often lose something in translation.
Recipes sometimes add salt , sweeteners , or grains .
Recipes sometimes add salt, sweeteners, or grains.
Recipes sometimes call for the addition of cream of tartar or lemon juice to aid whipping.
Recipes usually begin with a list of ingredients together with the quantities required.
Recipes usually call for bringing the liquid to a boil and then adding the selected grain.
All recipe sold here work well at home cooked on a conventional stove.
All recipes also contain nutritional information.
All recipes are adaptable for today's kitchens.
All recipes are authentic, practical, and lavishly illustrated in color.
All recipes are available upon visiting the Inn.
All recipes are copied and given to members.
All recipes are dairy free and most are cholesterol free as well.
All recipes are easy to follow.
All recipes are easy to prepare and some have color photos.
All recipes are easy to view and easy to print.
All recipes are fast healthful and delicious and made with all-natural ingredients.
All recipes are for four people with hearty appetites.
All recipes are for two persons, except where otherwise explicitly stated.
All recipes are gluten-free.
All recipes are grain-free, sugar free, and virtually lactose free.
All recipes are in original format, with source documents identified.
All recipes are kosher and use readily available ingredients.
All recipes are low in fat and cholesterol.
All recipes are low in fat and delicious.
All recipes are meat and dairy-free.
All recipes are on one page, so be patient.
All recipes are professionally prepared, tested and meet stringent standards for great taste.
All recipes are real food and are safe to eat.
All recipes are simple and fast.
All recipes are simple to do, and each book features helpful tips.
All recipes are soy, salt and preservative free.
All recipes are specific to the smoker.
All recipes are user friendly and very personal.
All recipes are vegan, according to the site.
All recipes are vegan.
All recipes are vegetarian and most are vegan.
All recipes are vegitarian.
All recipes are veterinarian approved and made from all natural ingredients.
All recipes are welcome.
All recipes are well-documented.
All recipes call for the stevia extract.
All recipes come with complete nutritional analyses and food exchanges.
All recipes direct that the cabbage shreds be snipped through with kitchen shears.
All recipes feature American cooking and are translated into Bahasa Indonesia.
All recipes give all options for mixing the dough.
All recipes has a diverse and immense collection of every recipe.
All recipes have an end step that evacuates the chamber.
All recipes have been analyzed by a dietician and nutrition information is included for all recipes.
All recipes have conventional and bread machine instructions plus many tips for optimum results.
All recipes have fats and calories documented per serving.
All recipes have handy print out shopping lists included.
All recipes have less than one gram of fat per serving.
All recipes have nutrient information such as grams of fat, carbohydrate and diabetes exchanges.
All recipes have nutrient information.
All recipes have nutrition information for calories, carbohydrate, protein, fat, and sodium.
All recipes have nutrition information for calories, protein, carbohydrate, fat, and sodium.
All recipes have the preparation time, cooking time and nutritional information.
All recipes incorporate a single step infusion mash.
All recipes list the nutrition content of the dish as well as the exchange equivalent.
All recipes meet a vegetarian, healthy diet.
All recipes printed here are copyrighted materials used by permission.
All recipes provide nutritional information, as well as diabetic exchanges.
All recipes published here are free for use.
All recipes serve four.
All recipes serve six.
All recipes serves four if nothing else is noted.
All recipes specify the number of servings per recipe at the bottom of the recipe instructions.
All recipes start with an initial step.
All recipes use balsamic vinegar as an ingredient.
All recipes use beer to enhance flavor potential, giving food an added culinary dimension.
All recipes use level measurements unless the directions state differently.
All recipes use seven ingredients or less and can be prepared in less than half an hour.
All recipes utilize easy to obtain supermarket ingredients and have been kitchen tested.
All recipes welcome.
All recipes yield enough for four portions.
Any recipe looks simple when someone else does all the preparation.
Any recipe related to cooking outdoors is eligible.
Any recipes are welcome.
Every recipe can be the starting point for a discussion thread.
Every recipe comes with a nutritional analysis.
Every recipe comes with exact preparation and cooking times.
Every recipe has a story.
Every recipe includes a list of ingredients or things that are put into the recipe.
Every recipe includes a per-serving nutritional analysis.
Every recipe includes complete nutritional information.
Every recipe is beyond delicious.
Every recipe is broken into chunks for easy preparation.
Every recipe is complete with a per serving nutrition analysis.
Every recipe is easy to cook.
Every recipe is photographed in color.
Every recipe is pictured with a full page color photo of the dish.
Every recipe is provided with beverage ideas, restaurants that serve the dish and ratings.
Every recipe is ready in thirty minutes or less, including preparation and cooking time.
Every recipe is the subject of an individual design before manufacture starts.
Every recipe is vegan, and helpful diet and cooking advice are interspersed with the recipes.
Every recipe ought to be tasted every day.
Many recipes often contain poisons like chloroform and gasoline additives.
Many recipe use fresh herbs.
Many recipes already have directions for use of dried foods.
Many recipes also call for skinless chicken meat.
Many recipes also double up on sauces and marinades.
Many recipes are also yeast - free.
Many recipes are available that utilize only galactose-free ingredients.
Many recipes are available.
Many recipes are easy enough to put together in the morning to have dinner ready at night.
Many recipes are heart healthy, and a nutritional analysis is provided for each entry.
Many recipes are higher in fat, sugar and salt than needed for good flavor or quality.
Many recipes are in Spanish, but some others in both Spanish and English.
Many recipes are known from ancient Greece.
Many recipes are laden with fat and calories.
Many recipes are low fat, vegan, or vegetarian.
Many recipes are modifications of recipes, changed to meet our own taste.
Many recipes are now available which are prepared and enjoyed as a popular drink during common cold.
Many recipes are perfect for birthdays.
Many recipes are perfect for hosting a delicious coffee hour.
Many recipes call for a combination of sugars to produce the desired flavor and texture.
Many recipes call for a specific type of potato to achieve the best results.
Many recipes call for baking soda to speed cooking and soften beans by increasing alkalinity.
Many recipes call for bread flour, which has a higher gluten content, making chewier bread.
Many recipes call for cake flour.
Many recipes call for eggs because of their binding and leavening properties.
Many recipes call for flour and butter blended together, without giving the exact amounts of each.
Many recipes call for heaps of eggs and further enrichment with heavy cream.
Many recipes call for preparing the elixir several days in advance.
Many recipes call for some exotic oils.
Many recipes depend upon eggs.
Many recipes feature food preparation tips and techniques through the extensive use of videos.
Many recipes give a range in temperature and baking time.
Many recipes give precise measurements for every ingredient except salt and pepper.
Many recipes have vegetarian versions.
Many recipes relate a little story of the dish.
Many recipes rely on fustic or brazilwood.
Many recipes require eggs, sour cream, butter and other rich ingredients.
Many recipes require only a spoon, fork or knife for their preparation.
Many recipes suggest cooking fish until it flakes.
Many recipes suggest rangetop temperatures for cooking the candy mixtures.
Many recipes suggest soaking mussels in water in which cornmeal has been added.
Many recipes suggest venting a small area, allowing some steam to escape.
Many recipes trace the original foodways passed down through generations.
Many recipes use crushed peppercorns.
Many recipes use egg instead of olive oil as it enhances the binding of the materials.
Many recipes use uncooked meat and eggs that can lead to several diseases.
Many recipes vary slightly in different sections of Denmark.
Many recipes warn about over-cooking and getting dry spiedies.
Many recipes work well in a slow cooker.
More recipes are available on our links page.
Most recipes usually call for certain amounts of packed brown sugar.
Most recipes usually call for green cardamom.
Most recipe come with photos of dishes.
Most recipes allow too short a time.
Most recipes allow unshucked clams to open during cooking.
Most recipes are easy to follow and have only four or five steps.
Most recipes are easy to make and use common ingredients.
Most recipes are easy.
Most recipes are economical and nutritious.
Most recipes are either vegan or easily adaptible.
Most recipes are fairly easy to make.
Most recipes are homey treats such as cookies or cakes.
Most recipes are modificataions of other recipes, like switching raisins for cherries.
Most recipes are quick and easy .
Most recipes are recognizable foods, and very scrumptious as well.
Most recipes are standard American fare, but with hints of an Asian influence.
Most recipes are variations on a theme.
Most recipes are vegetarian or vegan, but there is also a section with fish recipes.
Most recipes begin with a liquid mixture like cooled, melted chocolate or pureed fruit.
Most recipes call for a pinch of salt.
Most recipes call for baking soda, which is added near the end of the batter's rest time.
Most recipes call for butters.
Most recipes call for cooking apples.
Most recipes call for granulated pickling or canning salt.
Most recipes call for ground cinnamon, unless otherwise noted.
Most recipes call for heating the milk.
Most recipes call for herbs.
Most recipes call for measurements.
Most recipes call for meat.
Most recipes call for parsleys.
Most recipes call for plain cocoa powder or chocolate.
Most recipes call for pressed tofu.
Most recipes call for rock salt.
Most recipes call for rosemary leaves, which can be easily removed from the stem.
Most recipes call for salt.
Most recipes call for the baking powder to be added last.
Most recipes call for the green variety.
Most recipes call for vanilla extract, but some argue that vanilla beans lend a more potent flavor.
Most recipes call for water.
Most recipes calling for meat stock or broth can successfully substitute a rich vegetable stock.
Most recipes comes with notes and pointers that explore creative ways to extend the recipe.
Most recipes consist of proteins.
Most recipes contain meat.
Most recipes contain seven or fewer ingredients.
Most recipes contain sources.
Most recipes cook quickly - in a half hour or less.
Most recipes follow rules.
Most recipes have a European flair.
Most recipes have a story or memory attached.
Most recipes have anecdotes, too.
Most recipes have food.
Most recipes have formulae.
Most recipes have fresh vegetables.
Most recipes have pictures and come with complete directions.
Most recipes have pictures.
Most recipes have vegetables.
Most recipes make a few dozen cookies.
Most recipes make four servings.
Most recipes prescribe sundry undetached rabbit parts as basic ingredient.
Most recipes provide instructions for filling the jars.
Most recipes rate two plus or three.
Most recipes require a medium flame.
Most recipes require little or no cooking, often only a microwave or crockpot.
Most recipes require only three steps and all are accompanied by friendly headnotes.
Most recipes say to get the fat smoking hot before pouring in the batter.
Most recipes serve three or more.
Most recipes specify lean beef.
Most recipes tell how many loaves they make.
Most recipes use basic ingredients available worldwide.
Most recipes use fresh vegetables.
Most recipes use only the bottom few inches of the stem.
Most recipes use spices.
Most recipes use tasty spices.
Most recipes use vegetables.
Most recipes use weight measurements instead of volume.
Some recipes also call for a bit of milk and a pinch of sugar.
Some recipes also come with a nutritional analysis.
Some recipes also use brandy and spices like nutmeg or cinnamon.
Some recipes also use different herbs, spices and other flavourings.
Some recipes are a bit difficult for a beginning cook.
Some recipes are as old as time, others as new as a hot Jerusalem restaurant.
Some recipes are available.
Some recipes are clearly the result of a European method apphed to an ingredient of the Caribbean.
Some recipes are for easy no-cook candies.
Some recipes are mind-bogglingly simple.
Some recipes are more complicated than others.
Some recipes are redolent with the flavors of a season.
Some recipes are unique to certain areas.
Some recipes ask for adding in melted butter or hot milk to the dissolved yeast mixture.
Some recipes call for a syrup that is poured over the apples before baking.
Some recipes call for bake powder.
Some recipes call for bananas.
Some recipes call for basils.
Some recipes call for beans.
Some recipes call for beating egg yolks and sugar until thick, light, and forms a ribbon.
Some recipes call for beef.
Some recipes call for both baking soda and baking powder.
Some recipes call for cardamoms.
Some recipes call for caster sugar.
Some recipes call for cheese.
Some recipes call for chilled butter.
Some recipes call for chopped rosemary but it is best if added as a whole sprig to soups and stews.
Some recipes call for coconut milk.
Some recipes call for cooking the gnocchi in broth.
Some recipes call for cream.
Some recipes call for drying jerky in the sun.
Some recipes call for dusting the pans with flour.
Some recipes call for eggs to be used as a wash that adds color.
Some recipes call for evenly puncturing the entire surface of the casing.
Some recipes call for food to be cut on the diagonal, which simple means cutting it at an angle.
Some recipes call for fresh basils.
Some recipes call for green cardamoms.
Some recipes call for grinding nuts.
Some recipes call for ground almonds.
Some recipes call for ground deer, elk, or moose meat.
Some recipes call for heavy cream.
Some recipes call for ice.
Some recipes call for ingredients that just cry for nuts, coconut or chocolate chips.
Some recipes call for large amounts of treacle, making a sticky, very sweet dumpling.
Some recipes call for leeks.
Some recipes call for milk.
Some recipes call for pan saut ing in pure butter.
Some recipes call for powder.
Some recipes call for punching down the dough and letting it rise for a second time before baking.
Some recipes call for raw eggs using either whole eggs or just the whites or yolks.
Some recipes call for robust herb flavors, others for more subtle tones.
Some recipes call for rosemaries.
Some recipes call for sauces.
Some recipes call for scalding the milk when making bread.
Some recipes call for scooping out the seeds and just using the flesh.
Some recipes call for smashing ginger to release the juice into a marinade.
Some recipes call for soaking the stale bread in water and then squeezing the water out.
Some recipes call for soy sauces.
Some recipes call for spice sauces.
Some recipes call for stirring the soft curd.
Some recipes call for strips of lemon zest.
Some recipes call for sugar.
Some recipes call for the addition of cooking or vegetable oil, which reduces the effect somewhat.
Some recipes call for the addition of some sugar.
Some recipes call for the dried chiles to be roasted first to bring out their flavour.
Some recipes call for the entire pod to be used, others call for the ground seeds.
Some recipes call for the reassuring addition of a dash of sake as well.
Some recipes call for use.
Some recipes call for using baking pans under the broiler.
Some recipes call for using lamprey blood.
Some recipes call for yolks alone.
Some recipes come from chefs.
Some recipes come from moms.
Some recipes come from places.
Some recipes contain a small amount of starch, such as flour or cornstarch.
Some recipes contain anchovy filets, too.
Some recipes contain in books.
Some recipes do contain meat, some people do still eat meat.
Some recipes even call for champagne as an ingredient.
Some recipes even call for just meat from neckbones.
Some recipes even provide a shopping list to print.
Some recipes even require homemade stocks.
Some recipes even suggest using a top crust.
Some recipes even use shortcuts.
Some recipes feature color photos of the finished dish.
Some recipes follow from the professional chefs who travel with several of the race teams.
Some recipes follow guidelines.
Some recipes follow to provide inspiration.
Some recipes follow.
Some recipes have beans.
Some recipes have feldspars.
Some recipes have obvious serving sizes.
Some recipes have pages.
Some recipes have real stories.
Some recipes have stories.
Some recipes help inflammation.
Some recipes help weight.
Some recipes involve beans.
Some recipes leave the ingredientrs raw, allowing the heat of the pasta to bring out the flavors.
Some recipes leave the ingredients raw, allowing the heat of the pasta to bring out the flavors.
Some recipes offer effective strategies.
Some recipes offer strategies.
Some recipes provide nutritional information.
Some recipes require no cooking whatsoever.
Some recipes require no heat.
Some recipes suggest oil and honey.
Some recipes suggest using the giblets.
Some recipes use an egg or two, but that can be worked around.
Some recipes use apricots.
Some recipes use aspirin.
Some recipes use bacon.
Some recipes use bake soda.
Some recipes use beans.
Some recipes use corn syrup.
Some recipes use cucumbers.
Some recipes use dill.
Some recipes use dry beans.
Some recipes use energy.
Some recipes use flour.
Some recipes use fruit juices to replace some of the fat and some use buttermilk.
Some recipes use high-fat vegetable ingredients.
Some recipes use rice flour.
Some recipes use soda.
Some recipes use staples.
Some recipes use syrup.
Some recipes use white flour.
Some recipes yield a lot, some a little.
Recipient agencies can still make a document private if required.
Recipient capacity is the key to product effectiveness.
Recipient cats require chemotherapy to prevent kidney rejection.
Recipient cells take up DNA from the environment directly.
Recipient contributions can be of a scientific, educational, conservation, or policy nature.
Recipient countries are poor, oppressed countries in Asia and the Pacific.
Recipient countries face a series of policy choices to respond effectively to the inflows.
Recipient countries suffer most as a result of international and inter-agency rivalry.
Recipient exchanges chaste kisses with lady and both demoiselles.
Recipient factors are also important and influence graft survival.
Recipient families pass on the gift by sharing their offspring with other struggling families.
Recipient kids get surgery.
Recipient nations move from one category of aid to the other depending on their development status.
Recipient organization has to be non-profit organization working on earthquake project.
Recipient organizations come from business, government and non-profits.
Recipient preparation is critical for spermatogonial transplantation in the rat.
Recipient selection is based on academic record and demonstrated leadership.
Recipient selection is based on medical criteria such as blood type, genetic make-up, and body size.
Recipient selection is both rewarding and educational.
Recipient selection is by a committee appointed by the dean.
Recipient signature is required.
Recipient spouses are usually concerned with increasing an alimony award.
Recipient towns are, in general, large and medium cities.
Recipient isa individual.
Recipient isa person.
Recipient isa somebody.
Recipient isa someone.
Recipients have (part) arms.
Recipients have (part) body substances.
Recipients have (part) cell membranes.
Recipients have (part) cells.
Recipients have (part) corpi.
Recipients have (part) cytoplasm.
Recipients have (part) heads.
Recipients have (part) human bodies.
Recipients have (part) legs.
Recipients have (part) material bodies.
Recipients have (part) necks.
Recipients have (part) nuclei.
Recipients have (part) personality.
Recipients have (part) plasma membranes.
Recipients have (part) sections.
Recipients have (part) vacuoles.
Reciprical links are very much appreciated.
Reciprocal action encourages normal walking pattern.
Reciprocal agreements are alive and well on the Internet and benefit both parties.
Reciprocal agreements are available for teachers from a very few states.
Reciprocal agreements are welcome.
Reciprocal agreements exist with the dioceses of Buffalo and Syracuse.
Reciprocal altruism differs from other patterns of cooperation in that it involves risk.
Reciprocal altruism has a delay until favor is paid back Altruistic behavior has no apparent payoff.
Reciprocal arrangements are in place for double bank salmon fishing on alternate days.
Reciprocal arrangements exist for the following countries.
Reciprocal arrangements mean they can also avail of car-sharing schemes in other cities.
Reciprocal behaviors are reactions that compete with each other.
Reciprocal benefit is anticipated for the student, the agency, and the clients.
Reciprocal borrowers are limited to three items.
Reciprocal borrowers are subject to the circulation policies of the lending institution.
Reciprocal borrowing is a collaborative, resource sharing project among participating libraries.
Reciprocal borrowing is a faster alternative to interlibrary loan.
Reciprocal borrowing is a pilot program to increase access to materials for library customers.
Reciprocal borrowing is a privilege.
Reciprocal borrowing is the basis for their membership.
Reciprocal borrowing is the cooperative lending amongst member libraries.
Reciprocal certification is available from most states.
Reciprocal commitment is a major part of a successful real estate search.
Reciprocal compensation is only one of several inter-carrier compensation issues.
Reciprocal compensation is paid to CLECs by incumbent carriers.
Reciprocal compensation is when a company receiving a call gets paid for taking it.
Reciprocal courses are return routes.
A reciprocal cross is a mating
Reciprocal crosses result in the same genomic changes.
Reciprocal determinism involves multidirectional influences.
Reciprocal exchange pervades modern societies.
Reciprocal expectations are essential to appropriate role performance.
Reciprocal experiments provide evidence.
Most reciprocal experiments provide evidence.
Some reciprocal experiments demonstrate features.
Reciprocal facilities are also available outside of the United States.
Reciprocal feature allows stimulation of opposing muscle groups.
Reciprocal grooming is especially common during courtship.
Reciprocal induction occurs between the optic vesicle and the overlying surface ectoderm.
Reciprocal interest shines forth, ignited by kind feelings.
Reciprocal link is required.
Reciprocal links are a great marketing tool.
Reciprocal links are a mutually beneficial way of getting visitors to our sites.
Reciprocal links are a value added service, available to our advertisers. .
Reciprocal links are agreements between site owners to display each other's hypertext links.
Reciprocal links are also a good traffic booster.
Reciprocal links are always welcome as well.
Reciprocal links are available.
Reciprocal links are desirable only if the two parties benefit equally.
Reciprocal links are important in building the continuous traffic to the web site.
Reciprocal links are important.
Reciprocal links are links that are exchanged between sites.
Reciprocal links are most welcome.
Reciprocal links are one of the most powerful tools for gaining traffic.
Reciprocal links are the lifeblood of traffic on the Internet.
Reciprocal links are the most cost effective and responsive way of getting visitors.
Reciprocal links are the most cost effective and responsive way to bring visitors to our sites.
Reciprocal links are the most cost effective and responsive ways of getting visitors to our sites.
Reciprocal links are the word of mouth advertising of the internet.
Reciprocal links are VERY important and do two things.
Reciprocal links are welcome.
Reciprocal links are when two, or more, sites agree to publish referral links to each other.
Reciprocal links bring in lots of traffic.
Reciprocal links bring in qualified visitors .
Reciprocal links bring in qualified visitors.
Reciprocal links can be either a text link or a banner.
Reciprocal links open new windows.
Reciprocal links provide an excellent means of exchanging information.
Reciprocal links seem to be the most cost effective way of getting visitors to our sites.
Reciprocal links seem to be the most effective way of driving traffic to web sites.
Reciprocal links welcome.
Reciprocal links work to help increase traffic.
Reciprocal members enjoy all the privileges of ordinary members except the right to vote.
Reciprocal membership is available for the current academic year.
Reciprocal obligations are fulfilled by the nobles carrying out ritual that only they can perform.
Reciprocal play is accepted with members of other clubs.
Reciprocal play is accepted with members of other private clubs.
Reciprocal privileges are available to yacht club members.
Reciprocal processing is carried out on the receiver side to recover data from the received signal.
Reciprocal processing takes place on the receiver side to recover data from the received signal.
A reciprocal pronoun is a pronoun
Reciprocal pronouns refer to the individual parts of a plural antecedent.
Reciprocal pronouns show mutual relationships.
Reciprocal registration is reviewed on a monthly basis.
Reciprocal services are available at all centers.
Reciprocal services are available for a period of six months.
Reciprocal services are limited to use of career services library material and job listings.
Reciprocal space is shown without distortions.
Reciprocal teaching allows for the creation of a dialogue between students and teachers.
Reciprocal teaching offers an answer.
Reciprocal teaching works because it's what good readers do.
Reciprocal trade can also recoup some of the costs associated with excess or underutilized capacity.
Reciprocal translocations involve nonhomologous chromosomes.
Reciprocal transplant experiments provide evidence.
Reciprocal unilateralism assumes three things.
Reciprocal visits are limited to one per month per vessel.
Reciprocal visitors are welcome.
A reciprocal is an opposite
Reciprocals apply to fractions.
Reciprocals are definites.
Reciprocals show no difference.
Most reciprocals operate on a direct basis.
Reciprocality is a relation
Reciprocality often has science in one hand, mysticism in the other.
A reciprocating engine is ICE
Reciprocating engines are highly efficient.
Reciprocating engines are nothing more than energy conversion devices.
Reciprocating engines are relatively inexpensive.
Reciprocating engines are well understood technology with a large existing service infrastructure.
Reciprocating engines have decent efficiency even in the smaller sizes.
Reciprocating engines start rapidly and deal well with load transients.
All reciprocating engines are basically the same.
Reciprocation is again appropriate.
Reciprocation is interaction
Reciprocation is motion.
Reciprocation is returns.
Reciprocation is the key concept to keep in mind.
Reciprocation is when one channel is on and the other channel is off.
Reciprocation requires careful score keeping, rewarding cooperators and punishing defectors.
Reciprocity failure is low and the grain is fairly small.
Reciprocity laws mean there is no uniform procedure for obtaining a divorce.
Reciprocity treaties are in harmony with the spirit of the times.
Reciprocity acts as a form of online transaction.
Reciprocity allows most radar and communications systems to operate with only one antenna.
Reciprocity also applies to concessions that people make to one another.
Reciprocity also is honored from sister institutions.
Reciprocity also works in diffusion and potential problems.
Reciprocity can also be indirect if information about previous interactions is shared.
Reciprocity characterizes the relationship between bird and human.
Reciprocity comes from a sense of obligation.
Reciprocity constitutes an important exchange system in every society.
Reciprocity demands that the sacrifices by shared proportionately.
Reciprocity does apply to most geophysical prospecting problems.
Reciprocity exists with most states.
Reciprocity has a long and proud tradition within socialist thought.
Reciprocity has many benefits.
Reciprocity indicates how to use the career services capabilities of other law schools.
Reciprocity involves dialogue and communication among two persons or groups.
Reciprocity is a courtesy among zoos.
Reciprocity is a given within the culture as people support each other.
Reciprocity is a loss of film speed for long exposures.
Reciprocity is a mutual exchange of privileges.
Reciprocity is a necessity in our domestic arrangements.
Reciprocity is a privilege extended to visiting students and graduates.
Reciprocity is a widely observed phenomenon for which evolutionary foundations are posited.
Reciprocity is about giving and receiving.
Reciprocity is also important in good teaching or training.
Reciprocity is also part of a relationship, and each relationship is in various ways unique.
Reciprocity is also part of a relationship.
Reciprocity is an important value in international programs.
Reciprocity is an integral component of the exchange program.
Reciprocity is an interchange
Reciprocity is another element that needs to be emphasized.
Reciprocity is another related consequence that is acceptable for teachers.
Reciprocity is assumed.
Reciprocity is at the heart of the matter.
Reciprocity is available for all North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and Manitoba residents.
Reciprocity is available for six months from the date of the request.
Reciprocity is available for six months only.
Reciprocity is available for six months.
Reciprocity is available for three months.
Reciprocity is available to all current law students of other law schools as well as graduates.
Reciprocity is available to current law students and graduates of other law schools.
Reciprocity is available to current law students of other law schools.
Reciprocity is available to current students and graduates of other accredited law schools.
Reciprocity is available to current students of other law schools.
Reciprocity is available to graduates of other law schools excluding the other Houston law schools.
Reciprocity is available to graduates of other law schools.
Reciprocity is available to law students of other law schools.
Reciprocity is available with other state boards.
Reciprocity is available year round.
Reciprocity is avilable to students in Minnesota, Montana and South Dakota.
Reciprocity is based on the fields of testing, methods and analytes.
Reciprocity is both the operative principle and the wellspring of trust.
Reciprocity is central to the association s strategy.
Reciprocity is clearly a crucial issue in any debate on privacy.
Reciprocity is conditional upon meeting all licensure requirements for the particular level.
Reciprocity is critical helping people take the time to engage and participate in an exchange.
Reciprocity is currently available only to graduates of other law schools.
Reciprocity is desired.
Reciprocity is difficult for dependent elders in nursing homes to manage.
Reciprocity is effective for three months upon receipt of written request.
Reciprocity is encouraged.
Reciprocity is essential.
Reciprocity is extended for a period of months from the date of approval .
Reciprocity is extended for a three month period from the date granted.
Reciprocity is facilitated by individual recognition and long-term memory.
Reciprocity is for one day only.
Reciprocity is granted for a period of one month.
Reciprocity is granted for a period of six months from the date of the request.
Reciprocity is granted for a three month period.
Reciprocity is granted for a three-month period, beginning with the date of the initial request.
Reciprocity is granted for one month, beginning with the initial visit.
Reciprocity is granted for one month, commencing on the date of the first visit.
Reciprocity is granted for six months, commencing on the date of the first visit.
Reciprocity is granted for three months, beginning with the date of the first visit.
Reciprocity is granted on a case by case basis.
Reciprocity is granted on a limited basis.
Reciprocity is granted on an individual basis.
Reciprocity is in accordance with the bylaws of the board.
Reciprocity is interchanges.
Reciprocity is intrinsic to the human condition.
Reciprocity is limited to graduates.
Reciprocity is limited to third-year students and graduates.
Reciprocity is necessary in a relationship if it is to grow and mature.
Reciprocity is no longer an option.
Reciprocity is offered as a service to students and is only one aspect of the job search process.
Reciprocity is offered throughout the year with no limitations during the fall recruiting season.
Reciprocity is one method in the job search process.
Reciprocity is only one method in the job search process.
Reciprocity is only possible with the specific states that have agreements with Iowa in place.
Reciprocity is our guiding principle.
Reciprocity is part of a healthy relationship.
Reciprocity is presumed to exist unless proof to the contrary becomes evident.
Reciprocity is required for granting such approval in the investor's country.
Reciprocity is scarcely more widespread.
Reciprocity is superb.
Reciprocity is the end result and bottom line.
Reciprocity is the foundation of the idea of a scheme.
Reciprocity is the key.
Reciprocity is the main sanction.
Reciprocity is the mother of retention.
Reciprocity is the norm.
Reciprocity is the only logical outcome to Israel s adamant refusal to release Arab prisoners.
Reciprocity is the third dimension and is of great importance in every relationship.
Reciprocity is valid for one academic year.
Reciprocity means both sides have to carry out their commitments.
Reciprocity means both states recognize each other's permits.
Reciprocity means that both networks charge the same for interconnection.
Reciprocity means the sharing of meaning.
Reciprocity operates in many social relationships, especially with visits and dinners.
Reciprocity presents a real paradox a.
Reciprocity provides an alternate approach.
Reciprocity quickly becomes an indirect way of stopping liberalisation.
Reciprocity reaches a vanishing point in such patterns of depredation.
Reciprocity regarding discipline exists between the two schools.
Reciprocity requires a willingness to help, and a willingness to be helped.
Reciprocity seems to be an important buzzword here.
Reciprocity takes both active and passive forms.
Reciprocity varies from state to state.
Reciprocity usually applies to admission only.
Some reciprocity exists among all seven resorts.
Recirculation decreases fuel consumption and makes the flight more economical.
Recirculation ends approximately six seconds before engine start.
Recirculation is a condition which can occur during a low hover in ground effect.
Recirculation is circulation
Recirculation is circulation.
Recirculation show even higher removal efficiencies.
A recission is a cancellation
Recission is a reduction in already appropriated funds.
Recission is an equitable remedy, only available in limited circumstances.
Recissions are cancellations.
Recital accompanists are available for required recitals only.
Recital attendance is monitored through a no credit class.
Recital attendance is required of all music majors.
Recital attendance is required.
Recital attendance is to be completed by Juries.
Recital broadcasts begin.
Recital participation is optional.
Recital time is limited to two minutes.
Recital is a report
Recital is history.
Recital is performance.
Recital is playing.
Recital is statements.
Recitals are free and open and to the public.
Recitals are free and open to the public and are followed by receptions.
Recitals are free of charge, and handicapped accessible.
Recitals are free, and no reservations are required.
Recitals are great because they are intimate and personal.
Recitals are open to public.
Recitals are open to the public.
Recitals Describe the purposes or objectives for the agreement.
Recitals Determine a teacher's philosophy on recitals.
Recitals fulfill the requirements for applied music majors.
Recitals presented by the department are free and open to the public.
Recitals vary in length.
All recitals are free and open to the public.
All recitals are free.
All recitals are open to the public.
All recitals are subject to change.
All recitals require a preview to be given approximately one month in advance of the performance.
All recitals require a preview to be given approximately three weeks in advance of the performance.
Every recital is the musician's own variation on a given theme or musical pattern.
Many recitals are free.
A recitalist is a soloist
Recitalists frequently arrange their performance in groupings by composer or by language.
Recitations of poetry are common at weddings and to mark other important public events.
A recitation is oral presentation
Recitation aloud is the traditional method of education.
Recitation is a very old method of learning and proves to be useful.
Recitation is a wonderful art.
Recitation is done aloud by men and quietly by women.
Recitation is great as is.
Recitation is the most important step in transferring material from short term to long term memory.
Recitation is the single most effective way to review.
Recitation provides students with a problem-solving session to review material covered in lecture.
Recitations allow more opportunity for students in large classes to develop oral skills.
Recitations also provide practical hints for solving homework problems.
Recitations are classes.
Recitations are matter.
Recitations are small group discussions made up of ten first year scholars.
Recitations are still the traditional small groups with teaching assistants.
Recitations begin the first full week of class.
Recitations begin the first week of classes.
Recitations begin the second week of classes.
Recitations begin the second week.
Recitations consist of active discussion and problem-solving sessions.
Recitations count for general elective credit.
Recitations emphasize the theory behind the techniques.
Recitations expand on the material in lecture and provide more opportunity to ask questions.
Recitations generally meet once a week for discussion.
Recitations meet once a week at times to be arranged via the registrar.
Recitations meet once a week.
Recitations start next week.
A recitative is passage
Recitatives are in some cases more demanding than any aria.
Recitatives are the sung dialogue of the opera.
Reckless behavior can be a dangerous way to let off steam.
Some reckless behavior is limited by being a child and being under adult control.
Reckless conduct is a Class D crime.
Reckless disregard is also a term of art.
Reckless disregard means the declarant had seriously doubted the truth of the statement.
Reckless endangerment is a class A misdemeanor.
Reckless homicide is a Class D felony.
Reckless homicide is an inherently included offense of murder.
Reckless lenders are equally responsible.
Reckless men become loving fathers.
Reckless men come to grief.
Reckless operation is defined as any act which endangers life, limb or property.
Reckless operation is defined as any act, which endangers life, limb or property.
Reckless spending is a thing of the past.
Reckless spending is one thing, but credit card fraud and forgery are criminal offenses.
Reckless teens can be very deadly to themselves and others.
Reckless use can cause unwanted infestations.
Reckless words pierce like a sword, but the tongue of the wise brings healing.
Some reckon graft is worse elsewhere in Asia.
Reclaimed lands are normally more productive than adjacent undisturbed areas.
Reclaimed plastic includes waste plastic from industrial, commercial and post-consumer sources.
Reclaimed sites function as pasture, hayland, recreational areas, wildlife habitat, and wetlands.
Reclaimed water can have elevated levels of sodium and chloride.
Reclaimed water can serve almost any non-potable market normally serviced by freshwater supply.
Reclaimed water can, and is, used for turf irrigation at several sites throughout the valley.
Reclaimed water flows through a different set of pipes, separate from the potable water system.
Reclaimed water is a local source.
Reclaimed water is an attractive choice because it costs much less than potable water.
Reclaimed water is highly treated wastewater that's safe for recycling.
Reclaimed water is now available in select areas.
Reclaimed water is part of daily life in drier regions across the United States.
Reclaimed water is sewage water that has been treated and disinfected using four different methods.
Reclaimed water is the highly treated by-product of the County's wastewater system.
Reclaimed water is treated sewer water that is generally used to water lawns.
Reclaimed water is treated so it is safe for incidental human contact such as lawn irrigation.
Reclaimed water is unsafe for playgrounds and other places children use.
Reclaimed water is used for irrigation in place of our precious drinking water.
Reclaimed water is very safe to use.
Reclaimed water is wastewater that has gone through a high-level treatment process for reuse.
Reclaimed water is wastewater, which has been highly treated and then made available for use.
Reclaimed water is water that has been recovered from a waste discharge and treated.
Reclaimed water meets reuse standards for open access.
Reclaimed water provides a major new source of water for the region.
Reclaimed water recharges the shallow surficial aquifer with fresh water.
More reclaimed water is used for groundwater recharge than for all other applications combined.
Most reclaiming solutions are now biodegradable and 'drain-safe' when diluted with water.
Reclamation also is the second largest producer of hydroelectric power in the Western States.
Reclamation also participates in and supports several water rights negotiation teams.
Reclamation anticipates a tiered negotiation process.
Reclamation begins before any mining is done.
Reclamation conducts research on emerging water-efficient technology and household appliances.
Reclamation consists of planting grass, locust and pine.
Reclamation continues to monitor once a year.
Reclamation expects to award a contract in two to three weeks.
Reclamation has a contractual agreement with the concessionaire.
Reclamation has little information on the ecology of the reservoirs it manages.
Reclamation has no plans to close down any resort.
Reclamation has other obligations for the water.
Reclamation includes backfilling of the pit.
Reclamation intends to remain flexible.
Reclamation involves leveling the spoil piles as well as the topsoil, which was saved.
Reclamation involves re-establishing wildlife habitats, notably for bighorn sheep and elk.
Reclamation is a major American generator of electricity.
Reclamation is a major part of the coal mining operation.
Reclamation is a requirement following any surface disturbing activity.
Reclamation is a series of activities intended to change the biophysical capacity of an ecosystem.
Reclamation is also the second largest producer of hydroelectric power in the western United States.
Reclamation is an internationally recognized leader in water resource management.
Reclamation is by legal mandate a necessary concomitant to mining.
Reclamation is in the business of water management.
Reclamation is nationwide and uses innovative technology.
Reclamation is nonexistent.
Reclamation is recovery.
Reclamation is regarded throughout the world as a preeminent water resource management agency.
Reclamation is rescues.
Reclamation is responsible for a portion of the rate set by the PMAs.
Reclamation is responsible for the dam and lake.
Reclamation is responsible for the design and construction of the facility.
Reclamation is restoration
Reclamation is restoration.
Reclamation is the final step in today's gold mining process.
Reclamation is the first step in recycling.
Reclamation is the process of restoring a site to a safe and environmentally stable condition.
Reclamation is the recovery of a valuable material from a waste.
Reclamation is widespread and successful.
Reclamation isa improvement.
Reclamation makes economic sense as well.
Reclamation makes every effort to provide accurate data according to the resources available to use.
Reclamation manages the recreation facilities.
Reclamation means the reasonable rehabilitation of land where resource extraction has occurred.
Reclamation means to recover or regenerate a component for reuse.
Reclamation means turning an ugly road scar into a beautiful hillside.
Reclamation occurs in highly populated as well as less populated areas.
Reclamation operates the dam.
Reclamation performs certain services for other governmental and public entities.
Reclamation practices tenders a waste to another company.
Reclamation prepares dam failure inundation studies and maps for several purposes.
Reclamation proceeds as mining activities are reduced.
Reclamation Produce a tertiary reclaimed water from wastewater.
Reclamation requires the concessionaires to keep their permittees informed.
Reclamation serves and affects.
Reclamation then receives an invoice indicating an additional charge or refund due.
Reclamation wishes to have broad participation to ensure a comprehensive product.
Reclamation works primarily with the irrigation districts or companies.
Reclassification is a classification
Reclassification is carried out by converting an input map to an output map.
Reclassification is categorizations.
Reclassification is performed by manual verification and editing.
Reclassification is something that is going on statewide.
Reclassification is the assignment of a position to a different classification.
Reclassification is the reassignment of a given position to a different title within the Plan.
Reclassification occurs in the semester after the minimum number of credits has been earned.
Reclassifications are effective only at the beginning of a regular term.
Reclassifications can be upward, downward, or lateral.
A recliner is an armchair
Recliners are armchairs.
Recliners are available in a number of fabrics, widths and heights for maximum viewing and comfort.
Recliners are chairs.
Recliners are in all singles.
Recliners are now sleeker, better looking, even more comfortable, and full of interesting features .
Recliners are one of the top causes for ferret deaths.
Recliners see brochure .
Reclinomonas cells reproduce asexually by binary division.
Recluse spiders are brown or brown-yellow.
Recluse spiders are found in many parts of the world and have been introduced into Australia.
Recluse spiders are most active at night when they hunt.
Recluse spiders are poisonous spiders.
Recluse spiders are rare outside their native range and are widely over-reported.
Recluse spiders have six eyes arranged in three pairs in a semicircle on the forepart of the head.
Recluse spiders have the same type of jaw and fangs, and are actually a bit smaller.
A recluse is an individualist
Recluses are a common spider in Florida homes.
Recluses have no obvious coloration patterns on the abdomen or legs, and the legs lack spines.
Reclusive individuals can expect to be called upon frequently.
Recognisable elements have to be part of the concept.
Recognition of qualifications is another important aspect of the free movement of persons.
Recognition program exists for academics excellence.
Recognition programs can be an important cost or benefit to teen involvement in programming.
Most recognition sites are palidromic.
Recognition allows for the presence of kin-specific interactions, like kin altruism.
Recognition appears to be completion.
Recognition applies only to income tax years commencing after the legislation comes into force.
Recognition becomes an end instead of a mcans.
Recognition begets contribution and the contribution begets recognition.
Recognition begets more recognition and national successes have led to state and local awards.
Recognition begin immediately after pen lifting.
Recognition begins in utero with an inventory of the tissues of the developing human.
Recognition boosts employees' esteem and performance.
Recognition buys credibility.
Recognition calls for partners are quite common.
Recognition can be a good thing and a bad thing.
Recognition can be for a whole program of training or single module.
Recognition can be formal or it can be simple and informal.
Recognition can be in the form of a letter from an executive to tickets to a ball game.
Recognition can be informal, or made a part of annual events.
Recognition can be monetary, nonmonetary, or both.
Recognition can be personal, departmental, or companywide.
Recognition can come from supervisors and peers.
Recognition can come in many different ways, places, and times.
Recognition can come in many forms.
Recognition can compensate for lack of training.
Recognition can fail or mislead, however, in unfamiliar, novel, and uncertain situations.
Recognition can happen twice a month and at the end of the grading periods.
Recognition can include monetary awards.
Recognition can lead to fame.
Recognition can only be a double way traffic.
Recognition can take many forms.
Recognition can work in two ways.
Recognition comes by word of mouth.
Recognition comes from matching the visual symbol with a memory, or experience, stored in our brain.
Recognition comes from what they've accomplished.
Recognition comes from within.
Recognition comes in the form of a certificate.
Recognition comes in the form of levels.
Recognition consists of a plaque citing the recipient's accomplishments.
Recognition defeats short-term desire, and abstinence soon becomes effortless.
Recognition encourages and supports learning and skill development.
Recognition equals death for the hoaxster.
Recognition feels good and it's a huge motivator.
Recognition fights low morale which leads to low productivity and decreasing loyalty.
Recognition follows, the moment of turning when the story or memory or land is recovered.
Recognition fuels self-esteem, which fosters strong individuals.
Recognition has multiple functions beyond simple human courtesy.
Recognition has to be given to the indigenous resource management systems.
Recognition helps build self esteem.
Recognition helps build self-esteem and pride.
Recognition helps everyone, including nurses, feel renewed and energized.
Recognition helps motivate members.
Recognition helps retain members.
Recognition helps to meet both social and ego needs.
Recognition implies translation .
Recognition includes several items diligently attended to by the company.
Recognition invariably decreases.
Recognition involves a process of comparison of info with memory.
Recognition involves consciousness.
Recognition involves the correct identification of previously encountered information.
Recognition involves the doubt associated with questioning existing belief systems.
Recognition is a big factor in the success of the program.
Recognition is a case to analize.
Recognition is a component.
Recognition is a difficult step to implement.
Recognition is a formal declaration by one nation that another exists.
Recognition is a great way to keep the positive energy going.
Recognition is a heady thing.
Recognition is a key aspect of youth and volunteer development.
Recognition is a key element when striving to attain a goal.
Recognition is a key ingredient in keeping staff motivated and involved.
Recognition is a major part of promotion.
Recognition is a major retention strategy to reward contributions.
Recognition is a matter of voluntary negotiations between employers and unions.
Recognition is a powerful energizer for recognized schools to make further improvements.
Recognition is a powerful tool that influences behavior, attitude and culture.
Recognition is a process where certain studied information is identified within a group of items.
Recognition is a significant incentive to further learning.
Recognition is a thing that nobody achieves completely.
Recognition is a threat to their incomes and their authority.
Recognition is a tool to empower employees.
Recognition is a two- way street.
Recognition is a vital part of all volunteer work.
Recognition is acceptance
Recognition is acceptance.
Recognition is accomplished by identifying the direction that yields the maximum correlation signal.
Recognition is accomplished in a feature-based statistical framework.
Recognition is accomplished in many ways.
Recognition is accorded to both team and individual performance.
Recognition is accurate, the program coping well with tables, graphics, and a wide range of text.
Recognition is achieved in highly cluttered environments.
Recognition is administered at the Regional levels in the U.S., and National level in Canada.
Recognition is also a big issue here.
Recognition is an energizing activity that creates a flow of positive energy between people.
Recognition is an important component of any volunteer program.
Recognition is an important element of any corporate volunteer program.
Recognition is an ongoing process, however, avoid infrequent as well too frequent use.
Recognition is another case to analize.
Recognition is another part of what people want.
Recognition is appointments.
Recognition is approval.
Recognition is as dependent on triangulation as is original cognition.
Recognition is as important as compensation.
Recognition is as important as protection.
Recognition is available for participating groups.
Recognition is awarded to donors for different level of support.
Recognition is barely possible.
Recognition is based on a straight-forward comparison of image graphs.
Recognition is based on a straightforward comparison of image graphs.
Recognition is based on cumulative cash gifts.
Recognition is based on individual or group progress.
Recognition is based on leadership, citizenship, and project subject matter knowledge.
Recognition is based on matching surfaces by matching points using the spin image representation.
Recognition is based on matching surfaces by matching points using the spin-image representation.
Recognition is based on outstanding achievements in self-initiated community service.
Recognition is based on positive participation rather than acheivement.
Recognition is based on three levels of evaluation.
Recognition is based only on documented and passed examinations.
Recognition is based upon scholarship, leadership and professionalism in dental hygiene.
Recognition is basically a matter of being able to apply concepts.
Recognition is complemented by a great professional development tool.
Recognition is critical.
Recognition is crucial to keep a person enthusiastic about serving.
Recognition is defined by volunteers in a broader context.
Recognition is diplomacies.
Recognition is due the staff who work hard to give their best.
Recognition is easier than recall.
Recognition is essential to political influence.
Recognition is faster and more accurate and allows direct input using the whole screen.
Recognition is for a period of three years.
Recognition is given at each grade level on a weekly basis for every ten hours that are read.
Recognition is given at the annual year-end awards assemblies.
Recognition is given at the spring honors banquet and at commencement.
Recognition is given during the Spring at each college's awards program.
Recognition is given for advancement and any special awards that have been earned.
Recognition is given for appropriate behaviors.
Recognition is given for experience and for proven success in the field.
Recognition is given for high team series, team game, individual series and individual game.
Recognition is given for improving support to chronically mentally ill clients.
Recognition is given for learning already achieved through experience and training.
Recognition is given for participating in an ongoing study of congestive heart failure.
Recognition is given for significant accomplishments in each.
Recognition is given for the new mentoring program that supports recently hired nursing staff.
Recognition is given in a number of areas.
Recognition is given in proportion to the contribution.
Recognition is given in the event, in the program and on the Web site.
Recognition is given quarterly.
Recognition is given to all chapters which meet or exceed the Basic Chapter Quality Criteria.
Recognition is given to all contributors, both the creators as well as the supporters.
Recognition is given to all participants.
Recognition is given to cost in the delivery of services.
Recognition is given to creativity, innovation and risk taking.
Recognition is given to deserving players and coaches through several special sponsorship programs.
Recognition is given to individual achievement.
Recognition is given to preceptors based on comments from students who have worked at their sites.
Recognition is given to schools, students, and projects at a yearly exposition.
Recognition is given to sites that set the standard for all web sites to follow.
Recognition is given to students for reaching certain point levels.
Recognition is given to students for scholarship and leadership.
Recognition is given to students of the week and month.
Recognition is given to the diversity of family forms.
Recognition is given to the entire volunteer TMDL team.
Recognition is given to the fact that faculty development is a continuous and evolving process.
Recognition is given to the health education provided by the home and by health care agencies.
Recognition is given to the importance of voluntary initiatives.
Recognition is given to the Outstanding Citizen of the year.
Recognition is given via the conference materials, Web site and at the conference.
Recognition is given with medals, scholarships, and other forms of recognition.
Recognition is granted for a maximum period of five years.
Recognition is greatest when it is immediately following an action an employee has performed.
Recognition is half the battle.
Recognition is impacted by the quality of the scanned page.
Recognition is important .
Recognition is important for people of all ages.
Recognition IS important for trust.
Recognition is important to young boys.
Recognition is important.
Recognition is in the form of a special plaque, mounted on the entrance to the property.
Recognition is indirect and any appreciation is generally shown equally.
Recognition is instrumental to increased professionalism.
Recognition is key for a pair's survival and the survival of their offspring.
Recognition is less important than doing the good deed.
Recognition is less widespread.
Recognition is limited to individuals.
Recognition is limited to one student per institution.
Recognition is made of exceptional contributions to the decision sciences.
Recognition is made of prior learning and promotion is based on competency.
Recognition is memory.
Recognition is mere acknowledgment.
Recognition is most effective just after the event.
Recognition is motivation .
Recognition is needed in acknowledging children are developing rather than being 'empty vessels'.
Recognition is needed to encourage continued support.
Recognition is negotiable.
Recognition is no substitute for money.
Recognition is normally valid for three years.
Recognition is noted on the student's diploma and permanent record.
Recognition is of lesser complexity, as the information is provided as a cue.
Recognition is of primary importance to volunteers.
Recognition is often the first step to a problem.
Recognition is one of the highest forms of motivation causing employees to put out effort.
Recognition is one of the most powerful motivators available.
Recognition is one of the ways a public manager can motivate an employee.
Recognition is one thing, being arrogant and pretentious is another.
Recognition is one thing.
Recognition is only the first step.
Recognition is our right.
Recognition is particularly difficult when some cells are normal.
Recognition is performed by correlating the object with V-shaped identifiers.
Recognition is performed in two discrete stages, indicated in the diagram below.
Recognition is possible in the presence of a fair amount of geometric distortion or of noise.
Recognition is possible whenever the general level of the qualifications is the same.
Recognition is presented at two levels.
Recognition is presented on a regional and national basis both quarterly and annually.
Recognition is quarterly.
Recognition is slow and tiring, but possible.
Recognition is socially effective only when backed by the authority of a powerful agency.
Recognition is specific to technique and commodity.
Recognition is subject to change without notice.
Recognition is the capability of a system to recognize attacks or the probing that precedes attacks.
Recognition is the cultural acceptance of value of a work.
Recognition is the easy part, identification can be another story entirely.
Recognition is the first step towards treatment.
Recognition is the focal point.
Recognition is the key to a long lasting, happy volunteer.
Recognition is the key word.
Recognition is the key.
Recognition is the most sought-after prize, coveted by all designers.
Recognition is the name of the game when it comes to volunteer programs.
Recognition is the opposite of being shunned or neglected.
Recognition is the positive acknowledgment of an accomplishment or effort.
Recognition is the positive assessment that the detected object is human, animal, or something else.
Recognition is the synonym of respect.
Recognition is the third benefit of building long term customer relationships.
Recognition is unconditional and irrevocable.
Recognition is usually by some particular number.
Recognition is validation.
Recognition is valuable and necessary.
Recognition IS very important but nothing beats a fat paycheque.
Recognition is very important.
Recognition is very validating.
Recognition is what every scientist wants.
Recognition is, to all practical intents and purposes, a guarantee of survival.
Recognition leads to respect, and respect can lead to power.
Recognition leads to solutions.
Recognition looks backward into the underlying truth.
Recognition makes a child feel like a real author.
Recognition means being able to identify as well as detect a particular pattern of stimulation.
Recognition means that the state unilaterally recognizes Virginia permits.
Recognition needs to be a mix of financial and non-financial recognition.
Recognition needs to include both extrinsic and intrinsic values.
Recognition occurs during the calendar year in which the milestone occurs.
Recognition occurs five times faster than real time.
Recognition offers individuals lasting symbols of success.
Recognition proves that our products are backed up by a quality standard in people management.
Recognition provides power and along with power comes the chance for change and reform.
Recognition refers to the legitimacy granted by the participants to the other's claims and status.
Recognition requires both permission and citation.
Recognition sequences for many enzymes are the same on both strands.
Recognition shows in both faces.
Recognition starts with the filing of a petition.
Recognition takes many forms, but it's purpose is public recognition of significant properties.
Recognition triggers a kill response.
Recognitions generate identifications.
Recognitions mark real accomplishment - meeting a standard or intermediate expectations.
Recognition usually alternates between the parties.
All recognition is cumulative over the lifetime of the donor into the categories described below.
Any recognition granted automatically expires at the end of the period for which it is granted.
Every recognition is an awareness of form.
More recognition can mean more funding for the scientific side of things.
More recognition is needed for doing good work.
Some recognition is intangible, such as a smile or compliment.
All recognizable characters belong to Marvel.
Recognizable grants fund the on-line newsletter.
Recognizable names attract media attention.
Recognizable robots are still at the toy and hobby stage.
Recognizable symptoms are eyes that appear runny, crusted and swollen.
Recognizable threads connect past with present.
Recognizance is surety
Recognizances relate either to criminal or civil matters.
Recognized colors are black, blue, fawn, light gray, sandy, steel gray and white.
Recognized colors are silver, blue silver, red, brown, blue, cream, cameo and cream cameo.
Recognized experts write our articles and columns.
Recognized losses are deductible from gross income.
Recognized methods exist to prevent silicosis, in mines and other workplaces.
Recognized names are the same as for cd .
Recognized organizations hold a special relationship with the university.
Recognized outbreaks are only the tip of the iceberg of foodborne illness.
Recognized professionals participate as keynote speakers and presenters.
Recognized protocols exist.
Recognized refugees are eligible for citizenship after five years of permanent residence.
Recognized refugees are exempt from overstay fines.
Recognized repetition is also important to make a positive change.
Recognized standards are ABS rules.
Recognized studies show that baby wearing reduces crying and fussiness by half.
Recognized studies show that baby-wearing reduces crying and fussiness by half.
Recognized success is defined as performing a major leadership role in one s chosen career.
Recognized tribes become sovereign governments with a legal status similar to states.
Recoil starters are less expensive but can be frustrating if the engine is hard to start.
Recoil starters are standard on less expensive generators, even if they have a higher-rated output.
Recoil is movement
Recoil start with mechanical compression release, and solid state ignition.
Recoilless weapons are incapable of indirect fire, but can be very potent direct support weapons.
Recollection is confined to motionlessness and to the past.
Recollection is fond and indelibly etched.
Recollection is memory
Recollection is memory.
Recollection is silence.
Recollection is that it was there long before Kansas was settled.
Recollection is the ability to say something in such a way that it becomes a recognizable shape.
Recollection isa module.
Recollection means collect once again.
Recollections are invariably mixed with the conditions in which they are again collected.
Recollections form both sides are welcome.
Recollections is a mixed bag.
Recollections seems to reflect the stormy road it has taken to see the light of day.
Some recollections follow.
Recombinant adenovirus provides a versatile system for gene expression studies.
Recombinant antibody constructs in cancer therapy.
Recombinant antigens are also available.
Recombinant hemoglobin has great long-term potential.
Recombinant interferons are essentially pure single subspecies protein.
Recombinant polypeptides can also be insoluble and unreactive without extensive manipulation.
Recombinant vaccines require a non-pathogenic vector that can only be used once.
A recombinant is a cell
A recombinant is an organism
Recombinants emphasize fantasy and delusion.
A recombination is a combine
Recombination allows the different versions to be shuffled into new combinations.
Recombination also increases variability.
Recombination breaks down the linkage equilibrium and increases the variance.
Recombination can also occur in somatic cells , for example by the action of transposons .
Recombination can break up beneficial allele combinations.
Recombination can occur during repair.
Recombination can produce a hybrid DNA with different sequences in the two strands of the duplex.
Recombination can produce unpredictable and potentially devastating gene arrangements.
Recombination can separate beneficial alleles from linked deleterious alleles.
Recombination can shuffle existing variation and lead to new variants.
Recombination can, and does, occur in both oogenesis and spermatogenesis.
Recombination destroys combinations of genes that natural selection has favored.
Recombination explains why children look different from their parents.
Recombination generates diversity by creating new combinations of genes, or parts of genes.
Recombination increases genetic diversity.
Recombination increases genetic variance in a population.
Recombination is a natural process that generates genetic diversity.
Recombination is a pairwise measure of genetic distance.
Recombination is a shuffling of existing information.
Recombination is also a source of variability.
Recombination is also important in somatic cells for the repair of damaged or broken chromosomes.
Recombination is an important force countering reinforcement.
Recombination is dependent on the chiasma formation during meiosis.
Recombination is further an investment into an uncertain future.
Recombination is important for diversity.
Recombination is important in repair of at least some UV damage in bacteria.
Recombination is likely to be important if multiple genes affect the selected trait.
Recombination is more rapid at teleomeric sites.
Recombination is probably important for cellular resistance to drugs other than cisplatin.
Recombination is responsible for leaps in viral evolution.
Recombination is sufficient for normal disjunction.
Recombination is suppressed.
Recombination is the exchanges of parts of genes or blocks of genes between chromosomes.
Recombination is the most important process in generating new organisms.
Recombination is the most important short-term source of genetic variation in populations.
Recombination is the process when genes are split and reassembled.
Recombination is too rare to hinder adaptive divergence between bacterial populations.
Recombination is used by nature to modify the genetic code of organisms.
Recombination makes it possible for there to be limited variation within the created kinds.
Recombination makes new allele combinations, which can then be passed to offspring.
Recombination occurs at a high frequency between the genomes of different but related coronaviruses.
Recombination occurs at homologous regions.
Recombination occurs in sexually reproducing organisms.
Recombination occurs naturally.
Recombination occurs only when non-sister chromatids are heterozygous for a trait.
Recombination occurs under different circumstances.
Recombination plays a very small role in deletion.
Recombination produces new genotypes.
Recombination refers to the processes of reassortment and crossing over.
Recombination takes advantage of the chromosome alignment.
Recombination works to reestablish linkage equilibrium.
Recombinations are combining.
Recombinational repair is a process that occurs post replication.
Recommendation Engines help customers choose from a variety of existing products and services.
All recommendation letters provide further background information about the student.
Any recommendation letters are desirable.
Any recommendation system works by collecting lots of personal information.
A recommendation is advice
Recommendation Apply the cream several times daily to the area.
Recommendation Bring a draft of recommendation section to post online at the beginning of class.
Recommendation depends on the quality of the work and being generous with ideas.
Recommendation describes the presentation of plan s, ideas, or things to others for adoption.
Recommendation Develop a formal process for making outsourcing decisions.
Recommendation Establish the goals of the State-specific RBCA program.
Recommendation is a community- based activity.
Recommendation is accepted.
Recommendation is also to use caution.
Recommendation is always the best advert however so do ask around .
Recommendation is based on exceptional classroom achievement and a survey of gifted characteristics.
Recommendation is based on past experiences only.
Recommendation is dry cleaning.
Recommendation is for dry cleaning.
Recommendation is implemented as and when possible and appropriate.
Recommendation is made based on an objective analysis of all the data collected.
Recommendation is made by a departmental thesis review committee.
Recommendation is made by a member of the departmental thesis review committee.
Recommendation is made on the basis of the above information.
Recommendation is made to the sentencing court, for both acceptance and denial.
Recommendation is often a good way to select a service provider such as a conveyancer.
Recommendation is one packet at breakfast, lunch, and dinner with plenty of pure water .
Recommendation is persuasive.
Recommendation is received from the instructor and guidance counselor.
Recommendation is that it be moved.
Recommendation is that maintenance contracts are maintained on the hardware.
Recommendation is to choose a username that is boring and neutral-gender.
Recommendation is to demonstrate crystals in joint aspirate.
Recommendation is to deny the request.
Recommendation is to do more inspection plus a thermal test.
Recommendation is to get better communications out to people.
Recommendation is to have privacy standards in place and ensure that they are followed.
Recommendation is to have the above items updated on a daily basis assuming changes occur regularly.
Recommendation is to increase the bypass tolerance.
Recommendation is to keep honor roll as is until next fall.
Recommendation is to put the sign on a brick pedestal close to the building.
Recommendation is to redig or put trail on ridgecrest.
Recommendation is to wait until other more pressing issues are resolved.
Recommendation isa advice.
Recommendation Letters Two letters of recommendation.
Recommendation Look first at the extensive make-up of our deluxe package.
Recommendation Move ahead, work toward additional grants and partnering.
Recommendation Move forward with the building projects.
Recommendation Provide basic information regarding city services online.
Recommendation Provide online access to billing information and consider electronic payment options.
Recommendation Provide the department with larger facilities.
Recommendation Recommend any additional coverage or system modification when needed.
Recommendation Remove the reference to physician information at service line.
Recommendation reports .
Recommendation Screening for hypertension is recommended for all children and adults.
Recommendation Use both traditional metrics and value-added metrics.
Recommendation Wait for a fix from the vendor.
Recommendations abound about altar permanence, location, and orientation abound.
Recommendations accept inside all lighting lighting fixtures.
Recommendations Adopt the single sales factor apportionment .
Recommendations affect students in other departments as well as department majors.
Recommendations allow during whatever harvest next implied tencel skirt.
Recommendations also exist for the type of sanitizer to be used.
Recommendations also vary with yield goal.
Recommendations Apply directly to the body including abdomen, inner thighs and upper arms.
Recommendations Apply liberally as often as needed.
Recommendations Apply liberally to skin as needed.
Recommendations apply to different constructions and material compositions.
Recommendations Apply to foods and drinks as desired to improve taste without increasing calories.
Recommendations are a crucial part of the Environmental Impact Statement.
Recommendations are a great source of information on and off the Web.
Recommendations are a key feature of the publication.
Recommendations are a large part of the application process.
Recommendations are a little tough.
Recommendations are a logical sequence to the conclusions.
Recommendations are a time-consuming adjunct to their major responsibilities.
Recommendations are advice.
Recommendations are also encouraged and received from all users.
Recommendations are always helpful.
Recommendations are always welcome.
Recommendations are an excellent way to start.
Recommendations are an extremely important criteria as well.
Recommendations are an important part of a student s application to the health professional schools.
Recommendations are as follows.
Recommendations are available here .
Recommendations are available here.
Recommendations are available upon request.
Recommendations are available.
Recommendations are based on nourishing traditional foods that can be bought from any supermarket.
Recommendations are below.
Recommendations are by majority vote.
Recommendations are characteristics.
Recommendations are constantly changing, so be sure to check back.
Recommendations are credentials.
Recommendations are current at the time of printing.
Recommendations are current at the time of publication.
Recommendations are current at the time of writing.
Recommendations are currently in use.
Recommendations are evidence based and from current leading sources.
Recommendations are extremely important when awarding scholarships.
Recommendations are for high-flow sprinkler heads.
Recommendations are for Promega lysis buffers and luciferase reagents as indicated.
Recommendations are for the sites listed.
Recommendations are free of charge until the end of the year.
Recommendations are from trainers and clients.
Recommendations are highly individualized depending on the patient and the complaint.
Recommendations are implementable.
Recommendations are important.
Recommendations are in bold type.
Recommendations are inconsistent with the findings and provide a questionable defense.
Recommendations are interchangeable with recommendations required for application.
Recommendations are likely in the final report.
Recommendations are limited to a few select nematicides.
Recommendations are made to help employers and employees to have a safer work environment.
Recommendations are most welcome.
Recommendations are non-binding standards agreed by consensus in technical study groups.
Recommendations are often photo copied so clear, clean copies are necessary.
Recommendations are only as good as the information gathered and the people involved.
Recommendations are optional.
Recommendations are particularly important to the application.
Recommendations are praise.
Recommendations are prepared in committees for people at higher levels.
Recommendations are presumptuous at best.
Recommendations are provide for the younger players.
Recommendations are recounted below.
Recommendations are site specific.
Recommendations are specific and related to results.
Recommendations are specific to most qualities of the client.
Recommendations are specific to the plant or crop being grown.
Recommendations are still pending.
Recommendations are subject to revision as new commentaries become available.
Recommendations are the planning team's best ideas to fulfill the policies.
Recommendations Are the recommendations submitted by the consultant workable.
Recommendations are then prepared for critical review by a panel of experts.
Recommendations are to avoid chewing gum and to avoid eating hard candy.
Recommendations are to avoid eating seafood with obvious signs of sores or peeled skin.
Recommendations are to be based on unbiased information.
Recommendations are to be brought to the faculty for final decision.
Recommendations are to be found at the conclusion of the report as a whole.
Recommendations are to be submitted on our Request for Recommendation form.
Recommendations are to cut down sodium intake.
Recommendations are to feed little or no hay that contains poison hemlock.
Recommendations are to install a detector on each level of a multilevel home.
Recommendations are tough both on lenders and borrowers.
Recommendations are valuable when advertising on the Internet for two vital reasons.
Recommendations are very important.
Recommendations are welcome.
Recommendations are wide-ranging.
Recommendations Ask the cleaner for names of previous customers.
Recommendations assume a system used in a clerical setting.
Recommendations Avoid major changes in layout.
Recommendations Avoid the pharmacologically active herbal teas.
Recommendations base on analyses.
Recommendations base on information.
Recommendations base on knowledge.
Recommendations base on taste.
Recommendations Be aware of what other departments are offering most frequently.
Recommendations become a part of the applicant's permanent file.
Recommendations begin here.
Recommendations Build the capacity of principals to provide instructional leadership.
Recommendations call for a radical restructuring of management of immigration.
Recommendations call for continuation of the action plans and further evaluation.
Recommendations call for services.
Recommendations call for vaccine doses to be given in three injections over the course of a year.
Recommendations can be a good starting point for exploring a discussion.
Recommendations can be from work supervisors, former instructors, and community leaders.
Recommendations can include improvements, new directions, or specific actions to be taken.
Recommendations can vary among health professionals.
Recommendations carry the most weight and necessitate a substantive response from the institution.
Recommendations cause Car down society against many striptease yet taught behind a paper.
Recommendations change from time to time.
Recommendations check from none cdr burner.
Recommendations come from sources.
Recommendations come from visitors to the island.
Recommendations come with a company's name and number only.
Recommendations complete the document.
Recommendations Complete the map showing the location and number of plots available.
Recommendations complete the paper.
Recommendations concern impact.
Recommendations concern techniques.
Recommendations contained here provide an overview.
Recommendations Continue and increase outreach events targeted to communities of color.
Recommendations continue to be submitted to an oversight committee for review and approval.
Recommendations Continue to decentralize the scheduling process.
Recommendations Continue to develop a clear and cohesive measurement framework.
Recommendations Continue to provide appropriate care to the patient.
Recommendations cover a faster chip, bigger drives, more memory, faster video and modem.
Recommendations Create a mentor system for new teachers.
Recommendations Create a statement of purpose for hiring a diverse staff.
Recommendations Create formal budget line for tutoring District wide.
Recommendations Decide on common elements for structural and administrative metadata.
Recommendations Define strict policy with associated punishment .
Recommendations Define the adjuvant properties of fungal agents and their products.
Recommendations depend entirely upon performance.
Recommendations Develop a set of guidelines for developing multimedia presentations.
Recommendations Develop a standard, rapid, and reliable way of identifying fungal pathogens.
Recommendations Develop a strategic plan linking information systems to Metro's operating plan.
Recommendations Develop a system that is based on inclusive practices.
Recommendations Develop a university-wide vision for using technology in academic programs.
Recommendations Develop a written communication plan to ensure that all of the following occur.
Recommendations Develop an overview of the wider experience for the students.
Recommendations Develop new sensors and tools.
Recommendations Develop the elements of the metrics framework.
Recommendations -Eat a healthy diet full of fruits and vegetables.
Recommendations Eat plenty of fruit, vegetables, legumes, and grains.
Recommendations End the preoccupation with numbers.
Recommendations Ensure both portable and permanent goals are securely anchored to the ground.
Recommendations enter into force subject to an objection procedure.
Recommendations Establish a collection procedure for delinquent assessments.
Recommendations Establish a virtual digital multimedia server based on open standards.
Recommendations Establish and practice a home fire escape plan.
Recommendations Exaggerating policy performance can be severe.
Recommendations fall into two distinct categories, research and interpersonal resources.
Recommendations Falling behind in a language course is calamitous.
Recommendations Fight for more access to the Internet.
Recommendations Find alternatives to plastic products whenever possible.
Recommendations Find financial support for graduate tuition from other sources.
Recommendations Fit three bidon carriers.
Recommendations focus on applications to the management of deer winter ranges on Vancouver Island.
Recommendations focus on improving customer satisfaction, return on investment, and risk reduction.
Recommendations focus on results that provide positive impact on the organization as a whole.
Recommendations follow at the end of the report.
Recommendations follow topic discussions and are listed in boldface type.
Recommendations Get a handle on how to deal with various definitions of neglect.
Recommendations Get toy reviews and recommendations via e-mail.
Recommendations give details.
Recommendations give protection.
Recommendations given on all routine soil reports are computer generated.
Recommendations golden key national honor society.
Recommendations have consensus.
Recommendations have to do with adding resources and moving faculty into tenured positions.
Recommendations have yet to be developed.
Recommendations help growers correct nutrient deficiencies before they reach a critical stage.
Recommendations here are simply general guidelines.
Recommendations Identify existing resources.
Recommendations identify genuine weaknesses.
Recommendations Improve communication among directors, manage- ment, and employees.
Recommendations Improve public understanding of continuing equal employment opportunity obligations.
Recommendations Improve the teaching of social studies.
Recommendations Improve training of speakers to ensure professional quality presentations.
Recommendations indicate referral for multidisciplinary assessment.
Recommendations Install the certified public scale for immediate use.
Recommendations Install the new perimeter fence.
Recommendations Invest in faculty development for information technology training.
Recommendations involve diagnoses.
Recommendations join except that opinion still argue sherlock holmes links.
Recommendations Keep a detailed policy log for an indefinite period of time.
Recommendations Keep up the good work.
Recommendations Let's start out with the easy choice.
Recommendations List major recommendations that follow from the analysis.
Recommendations look at tapping the potential of sectors outside health to improve human health.
Recommendations Look first at the highest-scoring models of the appropriate size.
Recommendations M any parents attempt to manage their children's television-viewing habits.
Recommendations made are the safest to the environment and the individual.
Recommendations made by network consultants can affect every facet of a businesses operation.
Recommendations made by the committee are advisory in nature.
Recommendations made by the trial panel are advisory in nature.
Recommendations made here are equally applicable to the chapter on human rights.
Recommendations Make better choices when eating at fast food restaurants.
Recommendations make up the rest of the sheet.
Recommendations only can come from the team.
Recommendations Only use natural biocontrol spread.
Recommendations Plan now for future migration crises in the Caribbean .
Recommendations Present a professional image .
Recommendations Presents no explanation of research.
Recommendations proceed to the trustees through the same channels as promotions in rank.
Recommendations Promote Teacher Competency .
Recommendations propose action to implement goals and policies.
Recommendations Provide accurate public information regarding the efficacy of condoms.
Recommendations Provide data to enable analysis of vacant land discounting to be completed.
Recommendations provide guidance for effective and continued investigations.
Recommendations provide guidance on policy, legislation and practice.
Recommendations Provide help with technology when and where it is needed.
Recommendations provide ideas.
Recommendations range from having a net over the top to having the facility locked at night.
Recommendations range from refresher courses to honors classes.
Recommendations re regulation of home health care.
Recommendations Recommend solutions that reflect the depth of the situation.
Recommendations regarding eye protection vary depending upon the specific compound.
Recommendations regarding the implementation of such practices continue to be offered.
Recommendations regarding treatment remain controversial.
Recommendations relate to driving conditions in South Africa.
Recommendations relate to increased integration and improved advising and counseling.
Recommendations relate to rates charged and administration of the telephone service contract.
Recommendations relate to use.
Recommendations report Provides recommendations on how to optimize a website.
Recommendations Review the prospective vendors' customer lists.
Recommendations See also participants , agenda , and minutes .
Recommendations See balanced diet .
Recommendations Set first meeting date and select chair.
Recommendations sets baseline for lowest conceptual consideration for rule making.
Recommendations show exactly how to optimize for keywords to improve search engine ranking.
Recommendations show how to eliminate three daemons and nine network services.
Recommendations show no relationship to the findings and provide a poor defense.
Recommendations specifically encourage girls to use technology effective at home and school.
Recommendations Stabilize professional staff in rural schools.
Recommendations Start in the classroom and build from there.
Recommendations Stay Informed .
Recommendations steer toward whatever athletic trainer.
Recommendations stem from a summary of twelve on-campus interviews.
Recommendations Strengthen the developmental education program.
Recommendations Support further analysis of the pathways of nutrients across the watershed.
Recommendations Support the development of software in computational biology and chemistry.
Recommendations Take one capsule daily with a meal.
Recommendations Take one capsule three times a day with meals.
Recommendations Take one capsule twice a day with meals.
Recommendations Take one capsule twice daily with food.
Recommendations Take one capsule with a meal three times daily.
Recommendations Take one capsule with food three times daily.
Recommendations Take one capsule with meals twice daily.
Recommendations Take one capsule with one meal daily.
Recommendations Take one lozenge each hour as needed.
Recommendations Take one or more tablets three times a day with meals.
Recommendations Take one or two capsules with a glass of water daily.
Recommendations Take one tablet daily with a meal.
Recommendations Take one tablet two times a day with a food.
Recommendations Take one tablet with meals three times daily.
Recommendations Take one to two capsules daily with a meal.
Recommendations Take one to two capsules with a meal twice daily.
Recommendations Take one zinc tablet daily with a meal.
Recommendations Take two capsules once a day.
Recommendations Take two capsules three times a day with meals.
Recommendations Take two capsules twice a day with breakfast and lunch.
Recommendations Take two capsules twice a day with meals.
Recommendations Take two capsules twice daily with meals, or as needed.
Recommendations Take two capsules twice daily with meals.
Recommendations Take two capsules with a meal three times daily.
Recommendations Take two capsules with a meal twice a day.
Recommendations Take two capsules with breakfast and lunch.
Recommendations Take two capsules with breakfast, and take two capsules with lunch.
Recommendations Take two capsules with food twice a day.
Recommendations Take two capsules with meals three times a day.
Recommendations Take two capsules with meals three times daily.
Recommendations Take two capsules with meals twice a day.
Recommendations Take two capsules with meals twice daily.
Recommendations Take two capsules with two meals daily.
Recommendations Take two or three capsules three times daily with meals.
Recommendations Take two tablets three times a day with meals.
Recommendations Take two to four tablets daily.
Recommendations target every aspect of waste management from production to consumption to disposal.
Recommendations Teaching children with autism is different from teaching children without autism.
Recommendations tend to favour the for-profit sector.
Recommendations try to inspire some sort of action rather than just agreement with the position.
Recommendations Use daily and especially when exposed to the sun, wind, heat and cold.
Recommendations Use only bulls with dystocia proofs when breeding heifers.
Recommendations vary according to area, season and turf application.
Recommendations vary according to location, season and turf application.
Recommendations vary accordingly.
Recommendations vary from a single application prior to silking, to weekly applications.
Recommendations vary from physician to physician.
Recommendations vary on specific educational programs for students planning careers in statistics.
Recommendations vary slightly.
Recommendations vary, depending on the yield goal.
Recommendations Visit the site prior to the field trip.
Recommendations Walk only on the marked trails.
Recommendations Wash the hands thoroughly before handling any food.
Recommendations Wear a helmet, knee pads and elbow pads.
Recommendations Work out regularly.
Recommendations Work toward becoming a paperless office.
Recommendations always bring more traffic.
Recommendations Always look for opportunities for partnerships and new ways of working together.
Recommendations Always start with the most simple bar code that solves the problem.
Recommendations Always use one ore more gatekeepers for a cascading set-up.
Recommendations often help in the decision-making process.
Recommendations often suggest pruning infected twigs from plants when any infection is observed.
Recommendations usually accompany policy assessments.
Recommendations usually come from teachers, guidance counselors, professors, and employers.
All recommendations apply.
All recommendations are advisory to the administrator responsible for the program.
All recommendations are estimates, as consumers vary widely in their rates of learning.
All recommendations are from local suppliers and native plants.
All recommendations are natural, normal foods.
All recommendations are of an operational nature.
All recommendations are subject to administrative review.
All recommendations are subject to change due to market conditions.
All recommendations are subject to court approval.
All recommendations are subject to verification.
All recommendations are to be done on a local level.
All recommendations have timelines.
All recommendations incorporate the best epidemiological evidence for hormone replacement therapy.
All recommendations made by adjudicators receive careful consideration.
All recommendations promote the philosophy of inclusion.
All recommendations reflect the experience of the computing staff.
All recommendations require submission of an up-dated curriculum vitae for the candidate.
Any recommendation is appreciated.
Any recommendations are correct at the time of printing.
Any recommendations are very much appreciated.
Any recommendations are welcome.
Any recommendations invariably end up in the dustbin.
Any recommendations please.
Every recommendation here applies to renters as well as homeowners.
Every recommendation is backed up with references to the research literature.
Every recommendation meets the common-sense test of addressing a real problem in an efficient way.
Many recommendations are long overdue and virtual no-brainers.
Many recommendations flow from the researchers' findings.
Many recommendations promote improved training and increased qualifications of attorneys.
Many recommendations resulting from an ergonomic evaluation have little or no cost.
Many recommendations suggest the planting of trees to protect valleys.
Most recommendations are just common sense.
Most recommendations are low cost or free .
Most recommendations call for services.
Most recommendations come from sources.
Most recommendations give details.
Most recommendations give protection.
Most recommendations have consensus.
Most recommendations involve diagnoses.
Most recommendations provide ideas.
Most recommendations relate to use.
Most recommendations seem to be based on preharvest intervals.
Most recommendations suggest discontinuing milking abruptly.
Some recommendations also suggest the weed is susceptible when in bloom in spring.
Some recommendations appear overly simplistic.
Some recommendations apply to types.
Some recommendations are for administrative action by a State agency.
Some recommendations are junipers, yews, boxwoods and yaupon holly.
Some recommendations are more conservative than others.
Some recommendations are provided by helmet manufacturers.
Some recommendations are provided by manufacturers.
Some recommendations are sure to raise a few eyebrows.
Some recommendations are surgilube, astrglide, unscented massage oil.
Some recommendations call for creations.
Some recommendations call for fruit vegetables.
Some recommendations call for vegetables.
Some recommendations come at no cost.
Some recommendations deal with multiple ideas and are reflected in more than one chart column.
Some recommendations follow.
Some recommendations incorporate deadlines or target dates months or years in the future.
Some recommendations provide guidance.
Some recommendations relate to consumption.
Some recommendations relate to fluid consumption.
Some recommendations relate to harvest.
Some recommendations relate to timber harvest.
Some recommendations require new legislation or changes in state regulations.
Some recommendations suggest to take it before eating.
Recommitment ceremonies are powerful events.
Recompense is a payment
Recompense is limited to a total of seven days per month.
Recompute group means.
A reconciler is an intermediary
Reconcilers are responsible for record retention of receipts and reports.
Reconcilers are willing to pay the price in relationships.
Reconcilers handle electronic transactions and paper receipts and reports.
Reconcilers promote transparency and understanding in relationships.
Reconciliation process begins, which is intended to enforce the budget resolutions.
Any reconciliation process is a continual search for divine guidance.
Reconciliation aims at overcoming separateness or healing brokenness.
Reconciliation also destroys any grounds for divorce based on the earlier separation or desertion.
Reconciliation also means reconciliation between faith groups.
Reconciliation also occurs in the body.
Reconciliation begins with contrition, and confession is a necessary step towards forgiveness.
Reconciliation begins with honesty about the past and the truth about oneself.
Reconciliation belongs in every aspect of our lives.
Reconciliation brings together differing expectations and seeks alignment or agreement.
Reconciliation brings together what never was meant to be separate.
Reconciliation Call the parish office to arrange for an appointment.
Reconciliation calls for white .
Reconciliation can also refer to both the process and the realization.
Reconciliation can neither substitute nor precede reconstruction.
Reconciliation can only happen through respect for the Book of Common Prayer and new liturgies.
Reconciliation can only happen when peoples labor and live together.
Reconciliation can only spell more terror, more crime and more tyranny for the people.
Reconciliation comes about out of the recognition of a total breakdown of relationships.
Reconciliation comes out of love.
Reconciliation demands it.
Reconciliation follows an intelligent understanding.
Reconciliation follows confrontation.
Reconciliation forms a cross.
Reconciliation goes beyond forgiveness.
Reconciliation happens at the level of the individual.
Reconciliation happens through the forgiveness of sin.
Reconciliation has no place for carping envy or recited mantras of 'equality' which deny history.
Reconciliation has to be a people s movement.
Reconciliation has to be built with full recognition and accountability for the wrong.
Reconciliation has to come from the heart.
Reconciliation here is juxtaposed with blood, which connotes violence and death.
Reconciliation implies multiple efforts at restoring a broken relationship.
Reconciliation invites the changing of hearts.
Reconciliation involves trust and fear.
Reconciliation is a band of exploration.
Reconciliation is a challenge to both unionists and employers.
Reconciliation is a doing thing.
Reconciliation is a key to the search for Christian identity in the world today.
Reconciliation is a leveling
Reconciliation is a long-lasting process that goes through several stages.
Reconciliation is a matter of restoring friendship.
Reconciliation is a mental event and can only occur through activity in the mental realm.
Reconciliation is a more appropriate word.
Reconciliation is a national project.
Reconciliation is a nice word to use.
Reconciliation is a powerful word.
Reconciliation is a private confession.
Reconciliation is a process.
Reconciliation is a relationship term.
Reconciliation is a snap.
Reconciliation is a step further than treaties or agreements.
Reconciliation is a two person act, which requires the full cooperation of the injurer.
Reconciliation is a two way street and a meeting of the minds.
Reconciliation is a two-way process.
Reconciliation is a very challenging vocation.
Reconciliation is a very important function.
Reconciliation is a way of life.
Reconciliation is about addressing disadvantage.
Reconciliation is about each culture learning from and adjusting to the other.
Reconciliation is about healing wounds, and forming healthy scars, and learning to live again.
Reconciliation is about healing, liberation, and forgiveness.
Reconciliation is about making connections and creating opportunities.
Reconciliation is about owning and sharing our real history.
Reconciliation is about people and bringing people together.
Reconciliation is about people and communities coming together.
Reconciliation is about sharing history.
Reconciliation is about the fundamental worth of every human being.
Reconciliation is about the future - and that belongs to the young.
Reconciliation is absolutely necessary.
Reconciliation is accomplished.
Reconciliation is achieved on equal footing and on mutual respect.
Reconciliation is aconstant challenge.
Reconciliation is alive in the community.
Reconciliation is also a one-button operation.
Reconciliation is also a relationship word.
Reconciliation is also available by appointment.
Reconciliation is always finally in the hands of the offended party anywhere in life.
Reconciliation is an accomplished fact.
Reconciliation is an event of the heart, a phenomenon of the soul.
Reconciliation is an important part of Christian doctrine.
Reconciliation is an indispensable ingredient in the process of building one nation.
Reconciliation is an issue for all age groups and all sectors of society.
Reconciliation is an ongoing process.
Reconciliation is an opportunity for forgiveness, but also for renewal of spirit.
Reconciliation is at a standstill.
Reconciliation is at the heart of a politically stable East Timor.
Reconciliation is at the heart of the gospel.
Reconciliation is automated via a bank tape interface.
Reconciliation is back on the front pages.
Reconciliation is based on forgiveness.
Reconciliation is beyond integration and beyond legislation.
Reconciliation is both a goal and a process.
Reconciliation is both a personal and social journey.
Reconciliation is cheaper than armed conflict.
Reconciliation is completed monthly with bank statements.
Reconciliation is cooperation.
Reconciliation is defined as the process by which the historial wounds of nations are addressed.
Reconciliation is enclosed by sadness.
Reconciliation is equalizations.
Reconciliation is essential.
Reconciliation is far from complete.
Reconciliation is finished now.
Reconciliation is good business.
Reconciliation is government policy.
Reconciliation is hard work.
Reconciliation is impossible without it.
Reconciliation is in our hands.
Reconciliation is in short supply, while retribution is over-abundant.
Reconciliation is in the air.
Reconciliation is included as an integral part of preparing for a sacrament.
Reconciliation is key.
Reconciliation is like being healed.
Reconciliation is more than just a desire to restore fellowship.
Reconciliation is much more than races coming together.
Reconciliation is much needed.
Reconciliation is necessary for the following parking services.
Reconciliation is necessary in the wake of the highly contested post-election ordeal.
Reconciliation is needed to cure memories and at the same time indicates the future.
Reconciliation is never a bad thing.
Reconciliation is nonexistent.
Reconciliation is now a fallacious dream.
Reconciliation is now on the national agenda.
Reconciliation is now possible.
Reconciliation is obviously much more complex than multiculturalism, but also a far higher priority.
Reconciliation is offered at scheduled times as well as by appointment.
Reconciliation is offered to participate with our parish or visiting priests.
Reconciliation is often a distant reality.
Reconciliation is often a long and difficult process.
Reconciliation is often a long, sometimes painful process.
Reconciliation is one of the themes in each of the essays.
Reconciliation is only possible in one direction.
Reconciliation is our only goal.
Reconciliation is perceived as a simple and easy thing.
Reconciliation is possible only because of propitiation.
Reconciliation is possible, but the people have to want it.
Reconciliation is possible.
Reconciliation is preferable to retrospective application.
Reconciliation is primarily a matter of morality.
Reconciliation is restoration.
Reconciliation is seen as the basis for prevention of future land clashes.
Reconciliation is simple and straightforward.
Reconciliation is so essential for life.
Reconciliation is sorely necessary, because it is soul damaging, and church divisive.
Reconciliation is still something very fragile, but it needs to be done.
Reconciliation is still the big word.
Reconciliation is still within reach.
Reconciliation is the best curriculum for good citizenship, and parenting.
Reconciliation is the bringing back into friendship a world that was alienated by sin.
Reconciliation is the bringing together of that which has been sundered, set apart.
Reconciliation is the focus.
Reconciliation is the greatest gift estranged family members can give one another.
Reconciliation is the heart of our gospel.
Reconciliation is the key idea here.
Reconciliation is the only viable option to avoid further war.
Reconciliation is the only way to end the violence in El Salvador, the only way.
Reconciliation is the organization's business.
Reconciliation is the overall concept and goal.
Reconciliation is the play of light and dark.
Reconciliation is the program of the church that works to overcome racism.
Reconciliation is the responsibility of everyone.
Reconciliation is the restoration of trust in a relationship where trust has been damaged.
Reconciliation is the sacrament through which sins are confessed and forgiven.
Reconciliation is the surest way to achieve peace and harmony.
Reconciliation is the sweet confirmation of Satan's defeat.
Reconciliation is the triumph of tolerance over racism, of understanding and respect over mistrust.
Reconciliation is the work of the whole nation.
Reconciliation is thirty days after delivery date.
Reconciliation is to be preferred to divorce.
Reconciliation is to communicate and to listen.
Reconciliation is to find solutions for needs on both sides.
Reconciliation is undermined when rights are taken away, either overtly or by stealth.
Reconciliation is, of course, a really loaded term.
Reconciliation Keep love afloat Send a greeting to make up.
Reconciliation leads to revival.
Reconciliation lists outstanding checks and provides easy clearing of checks.
Reconciliation makes both the victim and the wrongdoer new creations.
Reconciliation makes reunion possible.
Reconciliation means acknowledging one s own part in the brokenness.
Reconciliation means asking for and receiving forgiveness.
Reconciliation means being able to exercise our rights to our traditional lands and resources.
Reconciliation means both people reach out.
Reconciliation means bringing the folks in conflict together.
Reconciliation means different things to different people.
Reconciliation means first of all naming that which keeps people separated.
Reconciliation means healing the ruptured relationships.
Reconciliation means recognizing that something in a relationship is wrong and needs to be repaired.
Reconciliation means remembering that a relationship was once whole and loving.
Reconciliation means restoring to friendship.
Reconciliation means the removal of all alienation and enmity, thus making peace.
Reconciliation means the settling of differences, restoring harmony, a coming together of society.
Reconciliation means to allow the completion of everyone's mission.
Reconciliation means to bring someone or something into a right relationship with another.
Reconciliation means to forgive and forget , says a policeman.
Reconciliation necessarily involves solidarity.
Reconciliation needs unfortunately to come after survival.
Reconciliation occurs only if the true cause of the enmity is addressed.
Reconciliation presupposes a broken fellowship and enmity.
Reconciliation presupposes a former relationship of friendship.
Reconciliation replaces estrangement.
Reconciliation replays a schedule combining two logs from a common initial state.
Reconciliation requires both time and heartfelt commitment.
Reconciliation requires courage and generosity.
Reconciliation requires creativity.
Reconciliation requires former enemies to reject revenge, and in many cases, to forego justice.
Reconciliation requires repentance though.
Reconciliation requires repentance.
Reconciliation requires symbols.
Reconciliation requires transformation.
Reconciliation requires two parties working together.
Reconciliation says, however hard a task it is, keep working at it in Northern Ireland.
Reconciliation seeks no final solution, no perfect tranquility, no absolute harmony.
Reconciliation seems impossible.
Reconciliation seems only skin deep.
Reconciliation serves families of prisoners.
Reconciliation speaks of obtaining agreement between two parties.
Reconciliation speaks the possibility of peace among all families and nations.
Reconciliation stands at the heart of the Christian gospel.
Reconciliation suffers while that gap remains.
Reconciliation Systematically reconcile internal transaction records with brokerage firm records.
Reconciliation takes a long time.
Reconciliation takes time and effort.
Reconciliation takes time.
Reconciliation takes various shapes and employs a variety of cultural mechanisms.
Reconciliation then becomes the painful past in dialogue with the common future.
Reconciliation underpins the essence of the commission itself.
Reconciliations affect financial statements and are audited.
Reconciliations are also critical controls which ensure completeness and accuracy of transactions.
Reconciliations are prepared monthly for each.
Reconciliations are to be signed by the preparing officer and by a senior officer.
Reconciliations related to federal reports include unsupported adjusting entries.
Reconciliation often involves suffering.
All reconciliation is reviewed by three sets of eyes prior to being presented to the client.
All reconciliations are controversial.
All reconciliations are to be reviewed and initialed by the department head.
Some reconciliation is in order.
Some reconciliation seems easier than others.
Reconditioned instruments are available for sale.
Reconditioned material is used material that goes through an extensive refurbishing process.
Reconditioned props are as good as new - pitches trued and precision balanced.
Reconditioned pumps are in stock for exchange or sale, please call for availability.
Reconfigurable hardware holds such an extraordinary potential.
Reconfigurable software can also take advantage of decision-making in reconfiguration on the fly.
Reconfigurable software is useful for supporting multiple applications on a fixed hardware setup.
Reconnaissance satellites are far from new, dating from the early sixties.
Reconnaissance satellites can photograph enemy ground forces.
Reconnaissance satellites operate at low altitudes and make infrequent, speedy passes over an area.
Reconnaissance continues throughout the action.
Reconnaissance is an inherent task to all missions conducted by ACTs.
Reconnaissance is events.
Reconnaissance is information gathering
Reconnaissance is intelligence.
Reconnaissance is military operations.
Reconnaissance is next.
Reconnaissance is one of the most important.
Reconnaissance is the gathering of intelligence data.
Reconnaissance is the world's leading expert on the international hologram industry.
Reconnaissance is vital.
Reconnaissance means to observe an object intently for a short period of time using a flyby mission.
Reconnaissance reveals Soviet missiles in Cuba.
A reconsideration is consideration
Reconsideration can start even in small ways.
Reconsideration is automatic.
Reconsideration is catalyzed by the new computer tools.
Reconsideration is granted on an individual basis.
Reconsideration is the first level of appeal.
Reconsideration is the first step in the administrative review process.
Reconsiderations are consideration.
Reconsiderations are reversals.
Reconsiderations can be downwards as well as upwards when partial credit has been awarded.
Reconsiderations can be downwards as well as upwards.
Reconstituted gems fit into a separate category.
Reconstituted materials are available primarily in hardboards.
Reconstituted materials are more dense and offer increased longevity.
Reconstituted materials use chipped or stranded small-diameter trees as their wood source.
Reconstituted tobacco is recycled tobacco that the tobacco companies refuse to waste.
Reconstituted turquoise is made from inferior grades of turquoise that have been powdered.
Reconstructed huts show how the common soldier lived then.
Reconstructed knees are reliable and stable.
Reconstructed stories are also available via hyperlinks.
Reconstruction filters are given by time reversal analysis filters .
Reconstruction filters are given by time reversal analysis filters.
Reconstruction work is complete with only minor punchlist items remaining.
Reconstruction work is currently underway.
Reconstruction work is enormous and the whole country needs a lot of money for reconstruction.
A reconstruction is a repair
Reconstruction begins as a time of great hope.
Reconstruction begins immediately on a new single story plant.
Reconstruction begins in the mind.
Reconstruction begins locally.
Reconstruction begins with admission to the hospital on the day of surgery.
Reconstruction brings even greater challenges than defeating apartheid.
Reconstruction can be by moving tissue around and or grafting.
Reconstruction can be effective because it is the people speaking.
Reconstruction can make the whole process easier to deal with.
Reconstruction can often help a woman psychologically.
Reconstruction can replace the bone and dentures can be made to accommodate chewing.
Reconstruction can return both form and function, and provides hope to the healing burn patient.
Reconstruction continues to be a slow and laborious task.
Reconstruction costs five times more than chipsealing a street.
Reconstruction depends upon the defect created.
Reconstruction ends across the South.
Reconstruction ends in Alabama.
Reconstruction ends in the American South.
Reconstruction ends with the withdrawal of the Federal troops.
Reconstruction following refugee return means more than just rebuilding houses, roads and factories.
Reconstruction grows from devastation, resurrection from death.
Reconstruction here means inventive re-building.
Reconstruction however is essential.
Reconstruction involves physically altering an existing highway.
Reconstruction is a two-step process, completely distributed, but unsynchronized.
Reconstruction is a viable option for many women.
Reconstruction is accomplished with skin grafts, or flaps of skin and muscle and possibly bone.
Reconstruction is an immense task.
Reconstruction is an imperative component of reconciliation and democratization.
Reconstruction is available to reduce the incidence of infections and improved patient comfort.
Reconstruction is based on rectangles that bind different segments.
Reconstruction is completely equivalent to compression, but much faster.
Reconstruction is complex but usually less demanding than repair of renal artery aneurysms.
Reconstruction is complicated and requires two operations.
Reconstruction is defined within the movement's ambiguous self-definitions.
Reconstruction is fast and furious.
Reconstruction is for streets that have deteriorated beyond the point of minor maintenance.
Reconstruction is more than physical clean-up, however.
Reconstruction is necessary to maintain length of the arm and to create a fulcrum for elbow flexion.
Reconstruction is necessary when the road base has begun to deteriorate.
Reconstruction is now under way.
Reconstruction is performed in two stages.
Reconstruction is performed with direct closure, local flaps, or free conjunctival grafts.
Reconstruction is performed with stomach or small bowel.
Reconstruction is possible from minimal number of images, including single image.
Reconstruction is selected when a street is no longer repairable with the above operations.
Reconstruction is slow, costly, and uncertain, and resources are limited.
Reconstruction is still under way.
Reconstruction is to include curbs, sidewalks, driveway approaches, and storm sewer system.
Reconstruction is undoubtedly one of the most important periods in the history of the United States.
Reconstruction is, however, a multi-year effort.
Reconstruction means working out the dominant treatment and relational patterns from case to case.
Reconstruction occurs when heroic sculptures and buildings are reconfigured out of the ruins.
Reconstruction occurs when there is an in plane reconfiguration of the atoms.
Reconstruction operates here as geometrical invagination -boxes reconstructed from within.
Reconstruction proceeds by a multistep process.
Reconstruction remains the central mission of international aid agencies in Bosnia.
Reconstruction revolves around the notion that sound change is mechanical and exceptionless.
Reconstruction run on online farm with data to permanent storage.
Reconstruction seems to be as easy as conscription or destruction.
Reconstruction shows cargo door area in first sequence of destruction.
Reconstruction takes place in a transparent fashion while the application continues to function.
Reconstruction takes place in three stages.
Reconstruction tries to answer questions like what happened and how it happened.
Reconstructions appear as a new series attached to the exam on a viewing workstation.
Reconstructions are in the museum.
Reconstructions are interpretations.
Reconstructions are recalls.
Reconstructions are repairs.
Reconstructions based on remains of bones can only reveal the general characteristics of the object.
Reconstructions come in many forms and each type requires different information.
Reconstructions range from minor scar revisions to reconstructions of the entire nose.
Reconstruction usually involves replacing the damaged ligament with a tendon graft.
Reconstruction usually involves the entire breast, including the nipple and areola.
Any reconstruction has to be based on sound historical architectural and technical studies.
Some reconstructions are above.
Some reconstructions can rule out a self-inflicted wound.
Some Reconstructionist leaders propose capital punishment for blasphemy, heresy and homosexuality.
Reconstructive memory is in many ways invented memory.
Reconstructive memory is recollection
Reconstructive principles continue to evolve and some techniques are still in their infancy.
Reconstructive rhinoplasty is aimed at correcting congenital or traumatic malformation of the nose.
Reconstructive surgery can all but completely erase the physical reminders of the cleft.
Reconstructive surgery can give women a big psychological lift.
Reconstructive surgery can involve moving a nerve from one part of the body to the damaged area.
Reconstructive surgery can repair trauma to the cornea, iris or lens, and remove foreign objects.
Reconstructive surgery demands manual skill as well as clinical experience.
Reconstructive surgery increases the heart s pumping efficiency.
Reconstructive surgery is a branch of plastic surgery.
Reconstructive surgery is also available.
Reconstructive surgery is an attempt to return the patient to normalcy.
Reconstructive surgery is an operation
Reconstructive surgery is performed after large excision and negative marginal biopsy results.
Reconstructive surgery is performed to make a new eyelid or repair the defect.
Reconstructive surgery is that which is done to restore form and or function to normalcy.
Reconstructive surgery is the correction of abnormal structures of the body.
Reconstructive surgery serves at least two purposes.
Reconstructive therapy promotes the body's own natural healing ability.
All record access is defined within a for loop.
A record album is an album
Record albums are available for two week circulation.
Record albums are never out of place.
Record albums come to mind, eight-track tapes and beta video cassette recorders also.
A record book is a fact
Record books are invaluable in the cases of missing, lost or stolen original probate files.
Record books contain membership rolls and minutes.
Record breakers lists the biggest to the most confusing of the dinosaurs.
A record changer is a mechanical device
Record changers come in all varieties.
Record City is about records, period.
Most record clerks work regular business hours.
Record club offer on back.
A record company is a company
Record companies are basically huge loan sharks.
Record companies are basically nothing more than slave labor institutions.
Record companies are companies.
Record companies are in business to make a profit.
Record companies are in business to make money.
Record companies are in disarray.
Record companies are just people.
Record companies are like lots of other companies.
Record companies are like musical investment banks or venture capitalists.
Record companies are monopolistic by nature and dislike competition of any kind.
Record companies are no exception different.
Record companies are now ready to offer digital downloads.
Record companies are often loath to commit it to disc.
Record companies ARE scum.
Record companies are still reluctant to release any sort of single from an album.
Record companies are worried about the growing popularity in the practice of downloading music.
Record companies blame radio.
Record companies call it stealing when computer users download copyrighted material for free.
Record companies call it theft, and they want the sites shut down.
Record companies can set up promotional tours, and generate revenue at the same time.
Record companies claim that millions of dollars in sales are lost each year due to pirating.
Record companies define a hit by sales.
Record companies divide the music up along ethinc lines.
Record companies exist to sell music.
Record companies expend a lot of money on bands.
Record companies hate registered mail.
Record companies have helped create the monster, now they have to deal with it.
Record companies have limited resources.
Record companies have no money to invest in new music.
Record companies have only a few bands that they push, and all the bands sound the same.
Record companies hear what's going on, and act accordingly.
Record companies hide behind artistic issue.
Record companies invest in the creators and their creations.
Record companies keep almost all the profits.
Record companies lose money on nine out of ten artists.
Record companies lose.
Record companies make a lot more money than the people who make records do.
Record companies make records.
Record companies offer classical CDs with perky cartoon covers.
Record companies offer several explanations.
Record companies operate under a commercial imperative to release sound recordings.
Record companies PAY for radio stations to play songs for publicity.
Record companies predict doom as consumers can copy LPs.
Record companies reject our works outright, wishing to avoid unpleasant lawsuits.
Record companies represent musicians.
Record companies rip the artists off.
Record companies run every kind of music.
Record companies see it as stealing their work.
Record companies see radio solely as medium with which to drive record sales.
Record companies spend a lot of money remixing music to fit different markets.
Record companies track record sales.
Record companies try to make the royalty rate paid to artists as attractive as possible.
Record companies use it to instantly find out when a track finds success uproad.
Every record company turns it down, even Homestead.
Most record companies have a character of sorts, a type of music they work with.
Most record companies issue sampler albums at the earliest possible opportunity to promote sales.
Some record companies use different microphone setup.
Some record companies use microphone setup.
Some record companies use setup.
Record contracts rule.
A record cover is sleeve
Record covers are on the discography page.
Record deals come and go.
Record executives are a dubious option.
Record format is fixed.
Record formats are the fields within a record.
Record industry prepares for postwar boom.
Record keepers are record breakers.
Record keeping can be elaborate or quite simple.
Record keeping can become complex.
Record keeping can consume valuable time.
All record keeping includes detailed initial visit documentation.
All record keeping is automated.
Any record keeping involves the subject giving a hostage to fortune.
Record labels are business.
Record labels are manufacturing companies.
Record labels are sales and marketing engines .
Record labels are unfalteringly opposed to the piracy of their property.
Record labels call daily.
Record labels can generate interest in new bands by offering songs for free download.
Record labels consider radio the chief tool for selling records.
Record labels count success in dollars.
Record labels hear and see new unsigned bands, groups and new artist.
Record labels lose money.
Record labels take note.
Record labels use the festival as a showcase.
Most record labels pay the artist only a buck or two per disc sold.
Some record labels have producers on staff.
Record layout is provided.
Record layouts are also on the page.
Record management is a necessary skill for individuals applying for entry-level positions.
Record management is facilitated by the various document formats available.
Record management provides the guidelines for maintenance of student, staff, and financial records.
Record number corresponds to depth.
Record number is just a sequence number that makes several database systems happy.
Record numbers are positive integers that are attached when the record is written.
Record numbers identify each record added to the database for a particular year.
Record numbers mean big business for the pools and lots of work for the managers and lifeguards.
Record numbers sit computing and IT exams at schools and sixth-form colleges.
All record numbers are relative record numbers within the day's data file.
Records of decisions related to applications include abstracts where appropriate.
Record producers can hear a showoff a mile away.
Record producers function much like movie directors.
Record producers help musicians and recording artists to make singles and albums .
Record producers help musicians and recording artists to make singles and albums.
Record producers plan and coordinate musical recordings.
Record production is about results.
Record production is forecast.
Record protection prevents two users from editing the same record simultaneously.
Record review is included as well as depositions and testimony if needed.
Record review is needed to avoid basic errors in records which in turn cause retrieval failure.
Record reviews become equally unpleasant to do.
Record sales are most unlikely and public recognition and acclaim are all but out if the question.
Record sales are up.
Record sales propel new product pricing.
Some record sets are available for specific wars only.
Every record shop stocks a selection of traditional Irish music.
Many record shops are now refusing to stock the album due to it s availability on internet.
Most record shops file boogie woogie under jazz.
Record sleeve is sleeve
Record sleeves have a bigger surface than CDs, and thus much more space for text and images.
Record sleeves have stills of the movie.
Record stores convert to self-service bins.
Some record studios are near kitchens.
Some record types are mandatory, and others are optional.
Record values are for the entire period of record.
Record angles and forces as before.
Record answers for later reference.
Record answers from students on the board.
Record answers in a student worksheet, outlined below.
Record answers in first column.
Record answers on a large classroom chart.
Record arrays use brackets instead of parentheses.
Record arrays use brackets instead of parenthesis.
Record changes by painting one brushstroke after each successive drop of primary colored paint.
Record changes in positions on the original chart.
Record changes in the Earth's magnetic field with a homemade magnetometer .
Record changes on a weekly basis.
Record changes over a period of time.
Record changes to blue and the silk vanishes.
Record contains discussion of grievances, contracts, wages, and legislative activity.
Record contains documents.
Record contains member name, address, date of initiation, age, security number, and dues paid.
Record contains member's name, address, date of birth, date of initiation, and amount of dues paid.
Record contains name of chairman and signature of recording secretary.
Record contains same type of information as regular minutes.
Record counts as provided by the site's own search function.
Record counts ect.
Record distances on the class chart and compare.
Record grades for a class in a gradebook, compute final grades for each student.
Record guesses on poster.
Record labels Links to jazz record labels.
Record lists name of property owner, description of property and purchase price.
Record live and save.
Record looks and sounds new.
Record looks and sounds used.
Record looks and sounds very acceptable.
Record lows at the end of the month are just below zero.
Record lows in bold.
Record notes for future reference.
Record notes immediately.
Record notes on a notes sheet only.
Record notes on yellow theme paper or index cards.
Record notes There are so many ways to record notes as alternatives to the notecard method.
Record notes using a note-taking system.
Record notes with attention to essential questions.
Record rains in North Central Texas caused by the remains of Pacific Hurricane Norma.
Record rains in North Central Texas caused by the remnants of Pacific Hurricane Norma.
Record receivable at modified accrual basis of accounting.
Record reminders on the smooth white tile surface and clean with a damp cloth.
Record responses as they come in.
Record responses on a board or flipchart.
Record responses on a class chart.
Record responses on a flip chart.
Record responses on a semantic map on the chalk board.
Record responses on appropriate cutouts.
Record responses on chart paper.
Record responses on chart.
Record responses on newsprint.
Record responses on the board.
Record responses on the chalkboard or overhead projector.
Record responses on the chalkboard.
Record responses on the chart on the board.
Record responses on the concept map.
Record responses on the first flip chart display.
Record responses on the flip chart display.
Record responses quickly and accurately.
Record responses to questions four and five on flip chart paper.
Record results immediatly after testing.
Record returns on appropriate records.
Record reviews . . . .
Record reviews .
Record reviews top it off.
Record rises in child benefit.
Record sounds or voiceovers to play when a selected slide is displayed.
Record stages on a class chart using students' input.
Record start date and time and completion date and time for timed collections.
Record start time before beginning a session.
Record start time for each station.
Record start time on requisition .
Record supply the transmission of previously generated bibliographic records.
Record syntaxes present a serious practical problem.
Record turn out.
Record write offs or other adjustments to a patient's balance.
Records abound, but tying a particular group together is a challenge.
Records accurately capture all information recorded or generated by their creators.
Records act as the 'voice' of an agency in legal proceedings.
Records allow a psychologist to document and review the delivery of psychological services.
Records allow better management decisions.
Records allow monitoring of breeding performance by season and by groups of cows in the herd.
Records allow the orthodontist to analyse each case accurately.
Records allow users to find, sort, process, and examine document information rapidly.
Records also are necessary to define herd prob- lems.
Records also document remodeling, improvement, and non-capital construction projects.
Records also handles vehicle impounds.
Records also help in evaluating past and planning future spending.
Records also help in forecasting the appearance of seasonal pests to predict future pest outbreaks.
Records also indicate the phone had been off the hook for three hours.
Records also provide individual information about students.
Records also provide information about a judge's education and professional career.
Records also provide Internet links to government web sites when full text is available there.
Records also reveal that the A-Z abortion facility has been the subject of several lawsuits.
Records also show a close connexion between drug addiction and other forms of crime.
Records also show that the amount of rain falling over large regions of the world is increasing.
Records also show they fought in the Revolutionary War.
Records also support information reporting, audit, review and accountability mechanisms.
Records amounts of money using decimal notation.
Records appear as rows in the database table.
Records appear containing the terms that had been excluded with a minus sign.
Records appear in groups of twenty, showing complete citation components in short form.
Records appear in reverse chronological order by publication date of articles cited.
Records appear to show that the crew ignored the warnings.
Records are a crucial component of the governing process.
Records are a distinct possibility.
Records are a little spotty though.
Records are a resource critical to the operation of state government.
Records are accessible for entire retention period.
Records are accessible only to authorized personnel only.
Records are accessible to the public.
Records are accomplishment.
Records are actually better on the Canadian side than on the U.S.side.
Records are all the information about one entity and make up files.
Records are also available from Medieval European and Islamic countries.
Records are also available from their website.
Records are also important for accountability and economic analysis.
Records are also the key to a sound reproductive herd health program.
Records are always copied when dragged to another address book.
Records are always valuable for any good evaluation.
Records are an essential part of using broiler litter.
Records are an important resource for public offices.
Records are another new data type.
Records are any recorded information on paper, videotape, floppy disk, and photographs.
Records are arranged chronologically by date of arrival and thereunder by name of vessel.
Records are as provided by contributors.
Records are at all-age venues.
Records are at times vague, inaccurate and often misleading.
Records are audio business cards.
Records are auditable.
Records are authoritative.
Records are automatically untagged once they are deleted.
Records are automatically updated on the main file server.
Records are available and easily accessible.
Records are available both in paper and microfilm formats.
Records are available by burial date or alphabetically by last name of the deceased.
Records are available chronologically by date of burial, and by burial society.
Records are available for baptisms, confirmations, marriages, deaths, and funerals.
Records are available for births, baptisms, confirmations, marriages, deaths and funerals.
Records are available for daily, monthly, and yearly precipitation.
Records are available for public inspection.
Records are available for public review.
Records are available from only a few counties.
Records are available from school principals or the school board.
Records are available from the time of the county's formation.
Records are available in a combination of indexing, abstracts and full text formats.
Records are available in a combination of indexing, abstracts or full text formats.
Records are available in accordance with policy.
Records are available in both paper and microfilm formats.
Records are available in card format, on diskette, and as an ftp over the Internet.
Records are available to all networked staff.
Records are available to authorized agency staff.
Records are available to donors.
Records are available upon request.
Records are available with a combination of indexing, abstracts or full text formats.
Records are available with a combination of indexing, abstracts, image, or full text formats.
Records are available with the pedigree chart at an additional cost.
Records are available, be creative and open minded in searching for early marriage records.
Records are books.
Records are byte arrays, usually requiring some translation.
Records are carriage return delimited.
Records are cheap.
Records are closed.
Records are Closed.
Records are collections of information about a person, a place, an item, or an event.
Records are collections of related items.
Records are complete with abstracts and hyperlinks to faculty-maintained web pages.
Records are completely public or completely confidential.
Records are complex and differ in format from firm to firm.
Records are confidential - Effective leaders can be trusted with confidential information.
Records are confidential and releasable only upon court order.
Records are confidential.
Records are copied and mailed back at the facility's leisure.
Records are court ordered by a judge compelling disclosure.
Records are critical for investigating and correcting deviations.
Records are critical in providing the full picture of a child's program.
Records are critical to be able to trace pedigrees so breeders can make intelligent choices.
Records are critical to every citizen.
Records are crucial.
Records are difficult to make.
Records are discoverable.
Records are documents.
Records are easier kept, the ganders fight less, and servicing the pen can be systemized.
Records are easily and flexibly retrieved, with searching possible both by fields and by word.
Records are easily editable.
Records are easily retrievable.
Records are easy to maintain and reports are produced quickly.
Records are encumbered.
Records are essential to an informed loan request presentation.
Records are essential.
Records are evidence of business transactions.
Records are evidence.
Records are exempt conditioned by balancing tests defined in the specific exemption.
Records are expertly graded and sold with a satisfaction, money-back guarantee.
Records are expression.
Records are extremely important.
Records are facts.
Records are factual and non-judgemental in style.
Records are fairly elaborate, containing details on the nature of the karmic events.
Records are for Albany County only.
Records are for church use only.
Records are for remembering more than just memories.
Records are free format.
Records are free-form collections of data.
Records are frequently, scanty, unavailable or, occasionally, even fraudulent.
Records are from academic journals and trade magazines.
Records are generally from the lowland areas and canyons of the Santa Ana Mountains.
Records are generally in local custody.
Records are good despite control problems.
Records are hand and type-written, carbon copies and photocopies.
Records are heavy and take up space.
Records are highlighted and contain handwritten notes.
Records are how computers do it.
Records are important to all.
Records are important to organizations and to all of society.
Records are important to produce better lambs.
Records are important when it's time to select replacements and cull low producing animals.
Records are important when it's time to selectreplacements and cull low producing animals.
Records are important.
Records are in English and French, as provided by the contributor.
Records are in English or French, as provided by contributors.
Records are in English or French.
Records are in English unless otherwise noted.
Records are in English.
Records are in four categories, finances, industry, agriculture, and relief.
Records are in Latin and Portuguese.
Records are in node order and of fixed length.
Records are in order as received.
Records are in paper and electronic form.
Records are in Russian, Greek, Serbian or English.
Records are in the general files in a locked office.
Records are in the shul office as are photographs of the graves.
Records are incomplete.
Records are individual rows of information entered under column headings or fields.
Records are irrelevant.
Records are just as valid though.
Records are just for the people to sing along to at the shows.
Records are just records - documents of material recorded at a certain time.
Records are just snapshots here and there of things.
Records are just that thing.
Records are larger than CDs, and that means a larger package.
Records are lists where the individual items have names.
Records are located in offices.
Records are made to be broken, say the experts.
Records are more complete and more accurate.
Records are more complete for TSDs, since they have annual or biannual inspections.
Records are more detailed than can be tracked manually.
Records are necessary to assess performance and determine changes needed.
Records are new by definition.
Records are newspapers.
Records are nice but unnecessary.
Records are notoriously scarce, especially details of the humble below ground worker.
Records are numbers.
Records are of two types, medical and research.
Records are often destroyed in a disaster, so take precautions ahead of time.
Records are often like that.
Records are old.
Records are on file.
Records are on microfilm and indexed by year.
Records are on microfilm.
Records are on our files.
Records are on temporary loan for official use.
Records are one of the most important parts of reproductive management of the dairy herd.
Records are open for use by general public.
Records are open to public inspection.
Records are open to scrutiny, elections open to members, ideas to criticism.
Records are open to the public under the Freedom of Information act.
Records are open to the public.
Records are output to disk and sent to the originating library for loading to local catalogue.
Records are particularly important in refuting age discrimination claims.
Records are perhaps the least plausible of metaphors for understanding remembering.
Records are permanent.
Records are permanently encumbered.
Records are physical manifestations of past emotions.
Records are poor and tax roll numbers are slippery.
Records are poorly organized but can be retrieved by date of burial.
Records are powerful things.
Records are primarily in English.
Records are public information but access to the records is controlled.
Records are rare regarding the type of wood used in boards.
Records are really gifts from people.
Records are records, no matter how far they go back.
Records are replete with testimony and evidence of facts.
Records are restricted, consult the archivist for details.
Records are retrievable by searching the auction house, sellers, title and date of sale.
Records are retrievable by surname of employee or by date.
Records are rows of information that detail sampling event results.
Records are scant.
Records are scarce and it's a continuous struggle to put the pieces together.
Records are scarce, scattered, and contain large ellipses.
Records are scarce.
Records are searchable by artist, owner, subject, title, or keyword.
Records are searchable by property owner, parcel number, address, use code, and square footage.
Records are searchable by title, abstract, and author.
Records are searchable.
Records are secret Little information is available on the complaints filed against board members.
Records are simply written details about a life event.
Records are sold as first come, first serve.
Records are spotty.
Records are stereo unless stated otherwise.
Records are stored offsite.
Records are subject to flow regulation.
Records are subject to inspection during the life of the grant and for three years thereafter.
Records are subject to state rules and district interpretation.
Records are subject to wear when being used and the covers to damage when being moved about.
Records are the building blocks of databases.
Records are the evidence of the agency's actions.
Records are the foundation of any civil investigation.
Records are the highest or lowest a certain weather variable has reached for that particular day.
Records are the information by-products of organisational and social activity.
Records are the link between accounting and accountability.
Records are the means by which information is transmitted from one person to another.
Records are the meat and potatoes of most investigative stories and many other stories.
Records are the most important tool.
Records are the only way to evaluate a business.
Records are the units that make up a database.
Records are then updated.
Records are to be boxed in record storage cartons only.
Records are to be completed in a timely manner.
Records are to be considered confidential information unless otherwise stipulated.
Records are to be found on the state or colony level, or on the local level.
Records are to be kept a minimum of two years.
Records are to be kept as long as the packaging is produced and for at least two years thereafter.
Records are to be kept by the student.
Records are to be kept for a period of three years.
Records are to be kept of the locations, times, and numbers of singing birds.
Records are to be maintained as indicated in the grant or contract award document.
Records are to be maintained in the order in which they are received by the researcher.
Records are to be maintained on file for a period of three years from the year to which they apply.
Records are to be retained until three years after the grant is closed out.
Records are to be separated by newline characters.
Records are to be transferred in standard one cubic foot records center boxes .
Records are to be viewed in the administrative office only.
Records are to only be used to render necessary care to the patient.
Records are too few to determine average dates of arrival or departure.
Records are too important to assign to another county office.
Records are tuples whose components are labeled with an identifier.
Records are unavailable as to whether any of the boys fulfilled community service hours.
Records are unavailable.
Records are unblocked and of variable length.
Records are under control using a sophisticated inventory database.
Records are unique.
Records are updated weekly.
Records are usually in registration number sequence on microfilm reels.
Records are valuable information in many instances.
Records are very incomplete.
Records are vital and can become legal documents.
Records are vital for the all-important activity of monitoring developments.
Records are welcome each year, to help monitor populations in good years and bad.
Records are well indexed and the staff handles hundreds of written and verbal inquiries yearly.
Records are whole back issues.
Records are, again, a vital part of the foaling process.
Records are, in general, written to all connected output streams.
Records are, therefore, considered to have value only if they are useful.
Records arrive from a fixed number of reporting sources.
Records attendance at activity and organization meetings.
Records attest that it was being fitted with a new missile system around the time of cancellation.
Records backlog of work and displays it by craft.
Records become meaningless.
Records become searchable as soon as they are entered into the database.
Records begin with formation of counties.
Records Below is a list of the counties served by the Central Regional Branch.
Records Below is a listing of other related organizations.
Records blend data in logs.
Records brings a fresh approach with diversity and excellence.
Records calls and emergencies.
Records calls in a manner designated to relay messages and to provide a permanent record.
Records can also help prevent confusion about medicine schedules.
Records can be a nuisance.
Records can be a predictable number of fields.
Records can be a valuable tool to monitor performance and set goals or targets for improvement.
Records can be any suitable form.
Records can be as detailed or as general as the situation allows.
Records can be from any time period.
Records can be ftp'd on a regular basis to a vendor.
Records can be in any format.
Records can be in any medium, including books, papers, maps, computer files, and photographs.
Records can be in any order.
Records can be order directly.
Records can be other than written, e.g. videotapes, audiotapes etc.
Records can be quite long.
Records can be scarce.
Records can be valuable in proving such facts.
Records can be weeks, months, or years old.
Records can become very large and potentially confusing.
Records can contain any number of attribute-value pairs.
Records can contain full text and date, numeric, and fixed length text.
Records can contain text, pictures, drawings, scanned documents, video clips, or anything else.
Records can establish proof of proper use.
Records can fix some of that.
Records can include attachments such as graphics, music or even a training video.
Records can include paragraph and graphic file names.
Records can only be MARKed one at a time.
Records can stand a fairly high temperature in doors as long as they are stored properly.
Records can use the identifiers of other records.
Records can vary in length and are terminated by a line feed.
Records center .
Records changes on report form.
Records collecting and indexing projects are on-going.
Records combine multiple values, such as names and phone numbers.
Records come from a number of federal agencies.
Records come in all sizes.
Records come in many different formats, sizes, and ages.
Records Complete the entire form except for the shaded areas.
Records comprise scattered correspondence, minutes, secretaries books, and other records.
Records concerning intramural sports include athletic records, rules, schedules, and statistics.
Records concerning settlements is spotty.
Records confirm that the required protection was provided after installation.
Records consist largely of secretary's and president's files, and reports of quarterly meetings.
Records consist of account listings sorted alphabetically by customer showing balances.
Records consist of administrative, budgetary and research correspondence.
Records consist of bylaws, annual reports, and various programs of meetings.
Records consist of correspondence, statistics, and reports of war bond sales for each drive.
Records consist of data fields for each kind of information.
Records consist of index cards or information sheets, or an electronic index.
Records consist of maps and graphics that show zoning designations and references to parcels.
Records consist of material related to the campaign to ensure ratification in North Dakota.
Records consist of meeting minutes, correspondence, financial records, and committee reports.
Records consist of military rolls, muster rolls, billeting accounts, etc.
Records consist of minutebooks, reports and ledgers.
Records consist of minutebooks.
Records consist of minutes and memorabilia.
Records consist of minutes, annual reports, and other related materials.
Records consist of minutes, correspondence, ordinances and reports.
Records consist of statistical reports.
Records consist of three series.
Records consist of working papers and monthly reconciliation reports.
Records consist primarily of newspaper clippings.
Records consist principally of minutes in bound volumes and an account book.
Records consists of minutebooks and membership records.
Records contain a list of papers presented at each conference.
Records contain attributes which can also be modified using the examine tool.
Records contain author, title, abstract, and links to the full-text postscript documents.
Records contain author, title, abstracts, and links to the full-text postscript documents.
Records contain bibliographic and access information, along with detailed summaries of the resource.
Records contain bibliographic and indexing information.
Records contain bibliographic data, abstracts, and indexing information.
Records contain bibliographic data, indexing information, and abstracts for most references.
Records contain bibliographic information and indexing terms.
Records contain bibliographic information, abstracts, and controlled terms.
Records contain bibliographic information, abstracts, and indexing terms.
Records contain bibliographic information, indexing terms, and abstracts.
Records contain both romanized and vernacular data.
Records contain brief abstracts.
Records contain colored forms and handwritten information.
Records contain complete bibliographic information, plus informative article abstracts.
Records contain complete name, ages, parents, occupation, village name.
Records contain computer-generated reports and handwritten notes.
Records contain computer-generated reports.
Records contain correspondence, reports, itineraries, recommendations, and background material.
Records contain details about the place, date of birth, relatives, arrival dates and ship names.
Records contain for each bound state the term energy and configuration assignment.
Records contain groom, bride, date, location of marriage and comments.
Records contain grooves that have been coded with amplitudes that correspond to a specific sound.
Records contain handwritten information.
Records contain handwritten notes.
Records contain hot links that connect users to resources of interest.
Records contain hot links to conect users to resources of interest.
Records contain hot links to connect users to resources of interest.
Records contain hot links to connect users to the resources.
Records contain hot links to resources of interest.
Records contain hypertext links for author's names and journal names.
Records contain Internet addresses that can be used connect to the resources of interest.
Records contain links that connect users to resources of interest.
Records contain links to Web sites.
Records contain location information that can be used to connect users to resources of interest.
Records contain location information to connect users to the resources of interest.
Records contain mailing, phone and fax data.
Records contain mailing, phone and fax information along with many email addresses.
Records contain mailing, phone, and fax information.
Records contain mailing, phone, fax and email data.
Records contain minutes, programs of congresses, press releases, reports, and sample documents.
Records contain monthly record of nature and amount of expense.
Records contain one or more 'fields' which are quantified units of data.
Records contain original abstracts as well as complete bibliographic information.
Records contain other documents.
Records contain personal information.
Records contain short abstracts.
Records contain summary reports of construction jobs listed by contractor.
Records contain tables with a landscape orientation.
Records contain taxonomic, locality and citation information.
Records contain the bibliographic information as well as English-language titles and abstracts.
Records contain the hot links for the indexed sites.
Records containing marriage information provide the bride and groom, maiden name, and marriage date.
Records contains fields.
Records continue to be appraised and transferred to the archives on a regular basis.
Records continue to be broken.
Records continue to be kept in Latin.
Records continue to be placed haphazardly and in complete disorder.
Records coordinates the processing of all grades and their subsequent permanent storage and upkeep.
Records cost a lot.
Records count on hanger production report.
Records cover a wide range of construction related topics.
Records cover topics such as diagnosis, prevention, rehabilitation, screening, and treatment.
Records cover various towns in all counties of Prince Edward Island.
Records covered include municipal, county, state, federal and computer databases.
Records created before that time are public and available for general research.
Records created by other types of businesses belong to that company.
Records created in digital form are vulnerable to technological obsolescence.
Records date back to seventeenth century items.
Records date back to territorial days, around the turn of the century.
Records date back to the beginning of the state's induction.
Records date back to the state induction.
Records date back to the state's induction.
Records date back to the time of the state's induction.
Records define fields of any of the four kinds of value type.
Records describe a file which is written to the output a record at a time.
Records describe items on all subjects.
Records describe journal articles, conference proceedings, books, and dissertations.
Records describe journal articles, conference proceedings, books, book reviews, and dissertations.
Records deteriorating in the course of time have to be repaired and restored.
Records display in a Brief format by default.
Records display in sets of ten.
Records display with authors and subject headings as links.
Records do exist detailing the colonial laws that whites enacted to control slaves.
Records document basic changes to the system.
Records document the activities of the reference unit.
Records document the contraction of both the oil industry and the union.
Records document the specific operations and maintenance of the project.
Records documenting inmate litigation cases are Inmate Litigation Case Records.
Records documenting the resolution of client problems are the Troubleshoot Request Forms.
Records don t mean anything at that point.
Records donates part of their proceeds to organizations working against human rights abuses.
Records establish proof from damage claims.
Records exist detailing accidents and quantities of ore extracted.
Records exist for only eight of the thirty enumerated counties.
Records exist from six of the eight presidents that helped mold the young school.
Records exist in both original and photostatic copies.
Records exist of individuals weighing over twenty pounds.
Records exist of that chapter's founding but the sorority disbanded within a year.
Records exist of trebuchets which used counterweights of lead bars.
Records exist primarily in microfiche format and are housed department-wide.
Records express concerns about rowdy crowds, pushing and shoving during the performances.
Records fail to show if the dogs heeded the notice.
Records fall The West Coast offense was in full swing in yesterday's game.
Records filmed by the county include mortgage reocrds.
Records fly everywhere.
Records follow in chronological order.
Records give no clue.
Records given are for four-year colleges only.
Records go back to original land patents.
Records grant and contract budgets.
Records has two non-local releases of note in the pipes.
Records hates that term.
Records have a personal photo and essential medical information.
Records have a way of disappearing after a divorce has been started.
Records have a way of imposing obligations.
Records have an aesthetic quality that CDs lack.
Records have an organic character, unless they are an artificial collection.
Records have changed is size and shape through the years.
Records have information.
Records have to be entered daily.
Records have to be kept by the club as to the value of each account.
Records have to be kept on everything.
Records have to be made available or allow requestors to search for information.
Records have to be made from original or certified copies.
Records have to be maintained for specific periods of time.
Records have to be regularly maintained in order to make adjustments when assets change hands.
Records have to go up first.
Records Having good club records can prevent misunderstanding and duplication of effort.
Records held are in chart form and on microfilm.
Records held by a central agency are available to all potential users under the same rules.
Records Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Records help to identify problems and serve a preventative as well as financial purpose.
Records help to identify reproductive problems.
Records hold full details of the ships, the men, and the voyages they made.
Records includes contact, mailing, phone and fax information.
Records includes reports, surveys, and correspondences with other environmental.
Records including the findings of examination are exempt.
Records including the findings of examinations are exempt.
Records incorporate or link to information about the context of their creation.
Records indicate equipment was decontaminated at the end of the test.
Records indicate heavy snow fell for three days at the time the plane vanished.
Records indicate much of the business consisted of parts sales and service calls.
Records indicate none had lawyers present.
Records indicate only last year of occurrence.
Records indicate pork has been a part of the Korean diet back to antiquity, similar to beef.
Records indicate some business in grain and malt, real estate and several legal actions.
Records indicate that about fifty people lived at the Aboriginal settlement.
Records indicate that all men regardless of wealth or social status had a ka.
Records indicate that America never granted independence to the Philippines.
Records indicate that another daughter died in childhood.
Records indicate that appellant was treated with medication and physical therapy.
Records indicate that Fr.
Records indicate that it has been a steady gold producer over the years.
Records indicate that it took nearly one year to repair the wall and build a new keeper's house.
Records indicate that one of the essential components of lampblack ink was proteinaceous glue.
Records indicate that only eight area residents have lost their lives due to fire.
Records indicate that only one concrete barge was built before the end of the war.
Records indicate that people bought shabti s from temple workshops.
Records indicate that rock on either side of the fault is sheared in the left abutment.
Records indicate that soil packing also forces larvae to soil surface.
Records indicate that soil packing from compaction also forces larvae to soil surface.
Records indicate that such executions in papal lands dealt with capital crimes like murder.
Records indicate that the carvel Nina was a one-decker.
Records indicate that the enlistment term was three years.
Records indicate that the parties have evaluated the program as excellent, and very fair.
Records indicate that the ship was to be dismantled.
Records indicate that there was no art of writing.
Records indicate that very few access warrants are requested or issued.
Records indicate that wastes containing various pesticides have been disposed of at the site.
Records indicate that, in general, they have improved their lot.
Records indicate the corn plant dropped out of the project five months after capacity was doubled.
Records indicate the deal began falling through more than a month ago.
Records indicate the process raised considerable amount of radioactive dust.
Records indicate the risk is still quite low.
Records indicate the taxes have been paid.
Records indicate the team's change in record from the previous season.
Records indicate the trend of the disease and provide clues as to the cause.
Records indicate the youngest son died in childhood.
Records indicate users are from all over the world.
Records Insert the pass-through rate that appears on the servicer's trial balance.
Records instructional audio segments, including dramatic sequences, based on scripted dialogue.
Records involving albinism or melanism are always interesting.
Records is a New York based entertainment company with international distribution.
Records is a second hand record shop in Ottawa, Canada.
Records is a small independent record label based in the south of England.
Records is an underground effort to add originality and enthusiasm to the world of electronic music.
Records is comfortable talking about the accident.
Records is happy to offer five easy ways to purchase our products.
Records is here to stay.
Records is our latest offering sure to please punk-pop afficiados everywhere.
Records is responsible for student records.
Records is responsible for the automation of all data related to offenses, incidents, and arrests.
Records is the number of data records contained in the file.
Records is ultra sleek, shimmering, and aurally exciting in the extreme.
Records is worth listening to.
Records issued at the time often feature both styles, on each side, by the same groups.
Records just form.
Records Keep accurate daily records.
Records Keep garden records.
Records Keep records al all times.
Records kept by ordinary people right in their own homes can be valuable family history resources.
Records kept by poor farms can be fertile fields for the family historian.
Records kept by Presbyterian ministers include birth, baptism, and marriage records.
Records kept by the saloons are mostly statistical.
Records kept by Unficyp show that the use of bicommunal phone lines is increasing rapidly.
Records link to available full-text or library catalog holdings.
Records list Venero as the company director.
Records listed as sealed are in mint condition.
Records log status on log control sheet.
Records log time and identification numbers for each entry into buildings on the security systems.
Records maintain Ifoapal information.
Records make up complete or incomplete TUs.
Records mean little in rivalry games with Cleveland and Pittsburgh.
Records microfilming often calls for different camera and film requirements.
Records mode .
Records name a set of fields.
Records normally appear in one to two days on the bibliographic utilities.
Records normally correspond to individual spatial objects or entities.
Records note workers' exposure to anhydrous chlorine and boron trichloride vapors.
Records notes about participant performance on the learning guide during the observation.
Records notes on counseling sessions for files.
Records Now is the best time to start planning for next year's garden.
Records Now shop in confidence with our secure shopping cart system.
Records page with tables of championship results for the drivers'' and constructors'' championships.
Records pertain primarily to desegregation of Arkansas schools, and Alabama civil rights advocates.
Records pertaining to an individual's use of library facilities and resources are confidential.
Records play a crucial role in most human endeavors.
Records plays with some pops, but no skips.
Records point to descendants of a prince from Spain who settled in Ireland and later became king.
Records point up the advantages and disadvantages of projects.
Records printed now appear in order by state.
Records prints the records that are between the specified range.
Records prove differently.
Records provide a brief summary on the state of evidence in each topic.
Records provide a summary plus the hot link to the resource.
Records provide address, phone number, link to homepage and DUNS number.
Records provide an excellent tool to process information that fits a certain pattern.
Records Provide criteria in the fields by which to search.
Records provide dynamic lookups to distribution maps for all accepted taxa.
Records provide much of the information needed to understand critical financial risk .
Records provide the evidence of deliberations, decisions and transaction.
Records provides the best in multimedia entertainment.
Records range from Bible collections and birth records to census records and court records.
Records range from directory type listings to abstracts and full-text documents.
Records read and approved.
Records reads and updated.
Records really are the most fun and interactive way of enjoying recorded music.
Records rebound, when.
Records receives all police reports and accidents reports.
Records refer to a coffee house on the site which is supposed to be a small detached building.
Records reflect general operation, correspondence, production, and advertising.
Records reflect major discoveries, experiments, research, and theories.
Records reflect online availability.
Records reflect post season tournament play.
Records reflect referral of cases where further expertise or equipment is required.
Records reflect results from preliminary rounds only.
Records reflect that our daily absentee and dropout rate are much too high.
Records reflect the region's conversion from a barter economy to one based on cash.
Records reflect the status of all property held by the agency.
Records reflecting contractors and permits are public record.
Records relate to all aspects of New Brunswick history.
Records relate to both the planning process and project monitoring.
Records relate to budgeting, allocation, and expenditure of funds and provision of support services.
Records relate to land, mining and many different occupations.
Records related to the use of computing and information resources are confidential.
Records relating to the poor are part of Jefferson County's public records.
Records relating to the use of computing and information resources are confidential.
Records relating to the use of computing, telephone and information resources are confidential.
Records relating to voter services include candidate questionnaires and voter registration material.
Records relating to youthful offenders are closed .
Records remain county property.
Records remain intact, complete and 'owned'.
Records remain on the dairy.
Records remain timely, accurate, and relevant.
Records remain to the end of the semester plus five years, if the student is on probation.
Records remain unclear about whether the shot was administered.
Records report the cause of admission simply as 'stabs' to the legs and lower torso with a knife.
Records represent a major investment of time and governmental resources.
Records represent an explicit corporate memory for the organisation.
Records require veteran or next of kin authorization.
Records results for one die in a clear and organised way.
Records results for one spinner in a clear and organised way.
Records retrieval .
Records reveal that Washington had nume rous social and business connections to the town.
Records reveal that Washington had numerous social and business connections to the town.
Records review four to six months.
Records review is also essential for regulatory compliance.
Records say Vt.
Records schedule .
Records sec seconds of audio input into the vector x .
Records seem to be in good shape.
Records sell more units when they are played on the radio.
Records serve a couple of purposes.
Records set in the extra innings get their own category.
Records share passionately held beliefs about the right way to do things.
Records show a nurse arrived an hour later.
Records show an environment far from stable.
Records show burial, but no stone.
Records show continued improvement in public swimming areas.
Records show extremely high worker exposures to radioactive dust and toxic fumes.
Records show high levels of radioactive dust and widespread environmental contamination.
Records show high worker exposures to radioactive dust.
Records show Hively got the rest.
Records show how the curriculum has changed.
Records show hundreds of accidents.
Records show illegally cast ballots are common.
Records show it froze to death rather than bled.
Records show it was inactive just over one year after it opened.
Records show no prior history of violence or weapons violations.
Records show only a small percentage of prisoners actually being sentenced to transport.
Records show operations raised radioactive dust.
Records show other sons and at least three daughters.
Records show patience in guiding and helping others, and excellent skills in writing.
Records show residence was Helena.
Records show self improvement and service to others.
Records show some decontamination was done on equipment and facilities.
Records show some decontamination was done upon work's completion.
Records show some drivers complained that the brakes locked up.
Records show succession of stovein hulls, wrecks, sinkings, and groundings.
Records show that as fines went up, the state's pollution went down.
Records show that at least one patient received barbituates.
Records show that concert pitch has varied widely from location to location as well as over time.
Records show that conservation began falling after the plan's implementation.
Records show that crime in the area is rising.
Records show that doctors continue to prescribe the drug to new patients.
Records show that each precinct runs a minimum of five marked patrol units during a shift.
Records show that east side neighborhoods suffered much worse than other parts of town.
Records show that Fr.
Records show that free blacks lived in Virginia too.
Records show that hundreds of other soldiers also deserted.
Records show that in the past two years there was a rash of fires in the township.
Records show that it was a particularly severe winter.
Records show that living at that time was a hardship.
Records show that more modest homes sell at prices much closer to their assessments.
Records show that more than three dozen accidents happened there in the last six years.
Records show that New York City inspectors had inspected the apartments often.
Records show that only one wiretap warrant application has been denied in the past ten years.
Records show that Petitioner was duly notified of the proceedings.
Records show that presently it is pollinated and probably dispersed by birds.
Records show that staff response to most complaints is rapid and effective.
Records show that students improve their grade point averages and learn more when they study abroad.
Records show that the average temperature of the planet is climbing quite rapidly.
Records show that the average time a patient waits to see a physician has been cut in half.
Records show that the betrothal was very binding in the eyes of the law.
Records show that the bluebirds, once in decline, are making a strong comeback.
Records show that the church experienced wonderful revivals with many professions of faith.
Records show that the city was reluctant to organize a police department.
Records show that the collection from industries has plummetedin the last two years.
Records show that the members met socially to discuss the legal issues of the day.
Records show that the town already had a school at that time.
Records show that the use of photograph albums is extremely popular.
Records show that they can occur any day of the year and any time of day.
Records show that they had six children.
Records show that they loved each other greatly.
Records show that they maintain condition well and have a long life expectancy.
Records show that whenever there's a division of secular votes, theCongress has lost the seat.
Records show the address of the registered owner.
Records show the bureau's tactics at the siege drew complaints from compound neighbors.
Records show the following people served as officers.
Records show the operation raised radioactive dust in work and office areas.
Records show the state spending three cents for each squirrel killed.
Records show their work as seamen, preachers, wise women and even sea captains.
Records show they sold several large tracts of land there.
Records show treatment using aromatic oils together with massage, appearing as a constant strand.
Records show, however, that routes to Colombia and Mexico yield far more seizures than others.
Records show, however, that the daugher's condition was diagnosed after the policy took effect.
Records show, that using self-defense, women can and do resist rape attempts successfully.
Records sold with free gifts are ineligible for the charts.
Records sorting order is controlled by character set used by database engine.
Records sound for card.
Records sound from student microphones or other audio sources.
Records span over many years and include minutes from meetings, ordinances and resolutions.
Records speak of a huge army gathering in northern Mississippi, with more units coming in every day.
Records start to appear in long strings of adjacent positions with gaps between strings.
Records start with an estimated DUE date and calving date.
Records state that. . . .
Records stats online anywhere in the world.
Records stay from day one.
Records still get misfiled and others magically disappear.
Records stop work orders as notified by the appropriate subcode official.
Records stored at SRCs remain the property of the depositing agency.
Records strives to better serve customers.
Records study by making appropriate written notations and clinical observations on moving record.
Records suggest a limited amount of material was produced.
Records suggest equipment was decontaminated after work's completion.
Records suggest limited potential for airborne radioactivity.
Records suggest limited potential for contamination because material was copper-coated.
Records suggest limited potential for environmental contamination or radiation exposures to workers.
Records suggest little potential for contamination.
Records suggest low potential for contamination.
Records suggest minimal potential for radioactive contamination.
Records suggest minimal potential for radioactive releases.
Records suggest operation raised substantial amounts of radioactive dust.
Records suggest small amounts of material and little potential for contamination.
Records suggest that the Greek version was several pages longer.
Records suggest the operation raised radioactive dust.
Records suggest the operation raised substantial amounts of radioactive dust.
Records suggest the process released limited amounts of radiation.
Records suggest workers faced substantial radioactive and toxic exposures.
Records survey .
Records take one of two general forms.
Records takes pride in combining beautiful sounds with beautiful images.
Records tell the stories of the past.
Records temperature on temperature tag dishmachine at end of meal service using microsprayer.
Records tolerate our obsessions.
Records typically span all drives, thereby optimizing data intensive environments.
Records update twice annually.
Records vary as regarding the level of confidentiality and life expectancy.
Records vary from different regions and different time periods.
Records vary greatly from one parish to another in availability, quality and legibility.
Records video only when motion is detected.
Records ware incomplete, missing or never kept.
Records work together to make files.
Records yardage on production ticket and attaches ticket to cloth.
Records usually come at a cost to someone's performance.
All record execs prefer CDs.
All records also contain a two-word timestamp.
All records also have subject terms on a general level.
All records are also available at the state office in Columbia.
All records are at business address.
All records are available by search facility.
All records are available for inspection by any entity with lawful authority.
All records are available for inspection during normal business hours.
All records are available for the public to view or request copies.
All records are available in quantity and are brand new.
All records are completely computerized.
All records are confidential.
All records are copied to the historical tables before deletion.
All records are cross linked for easy searching.
All records are current regardless of their date of entry into the Trading Bloc.
All records are either permanent or temporary.
All records are factory fresh and stocked in quantity.
All records are for birth name only.
All records are for singles.
All records are from sand deposits in northwestern Wisconsin.
All records are full-text.
All records are guarnteed to play as graded .
All records are highly curated and annotated, ensuring maximal utility and data accuracy.
All records are important for a breeding program to be successful.
All records are in a database that is searchable on-line.
All records are in alphabetical order, by rank.
All records are in at least good condition and guaranteed against skips and scratches.
All records are in both paper and microfilm formats.
All records are in English.
All records are in excellent condition unless mentioned in the notes.
All records are in mint condition.
All records are in the form of filed documents.
All records are independent and self-documenting as stored.
All records are on file either at our office or at the cds' production company office.
All records are on file in the clerk's office.
All records are on file.
All records are open and available for public viewing and copying.
All records are open for public review by appointment.
All records are open to the public.
All records are open to the sponsors.
All records are original issue unless stated.
All records are originals unless stated otherwise.
All records are partial and being as quickly updated as posible.
All records are password-protected, and installation is done by the author's staff.
All records are password-protected.
All records are permanent.
All records are private and confidential.
All records are public records unless the information is exempt.
All records are public unless otherwise expressly provided by statute.
All records are records entering last weekend s play.
All records are self supporting.
All records are strictly confidential.
All records are subject to adjudication.
All records are subject to review.
All records are text.
All records are the property of the organization.
All records are to be kept for the minimum periods listed in the records retention schedule.
All records are to be kept for the minimum periods listed in the Records Retention Schedule.
All records are to be maintained in a secure and confidential manner.
All records are to be retained for a period of no less than three fiscal year periods.
All records are to be returned to the clerk for storage in the vault.
All records are UK original pressings unless stated.
All records are un-indexed and arranged by parish.
All records are unofficial.
All records are visually graded.
All records are welcome, including single observations of the more common species.
All records become part of the official file.
All records belong to one query or one table are grouped in a single element.
All records carry a full refund guarantee if they fail to play perfectly.
All records concerning the circulation or use of any library materials or service are confidential.
All records contain a comments field near the bottom of the record.
All records contain a table and the originating textual article when available.
All records contain abstracts.
All records contain agency name and address.
All records contain an entry for wetland type.
All records contain data in English.
All records contain library location codes.
All records contain original abstracts as well as complete bibliographic information.
All records contain patent family information, including non-convention members.
All records contain social security number, address, phone number, description of injuries, etc.
All records contain the full spelling of states.
All records contain the orginal patent assignee, patent number, and publication date.
All records created by the university are potential documentation in lawsuits.
All records describing non-English documents include an English translation of the title.
All records directly related to a student and maintained by the school district are pupil records.
All records have a different volume level at which they are recorded.
All records have a number.
All records have a radio station sticker on the cover and a radio station stamp on the disc label.
All records have abstracts.
All records have indexing in English, French and German.
All records have language codes for publishing language and original language.
All records have link capability .
All records have such a function.
All records have the full summary and all publications can be ordered directly on-line.
All records have top executive contacts, job title, and industry classification.
All records includes documentation of who, when, and why information was released to a third party.
All records is the default option.
All records list the condition of the cover first and the record second.
All records listed are in excellent condition.
All records pertaining to a known or suspected case of tuberculosis are confidential.
All records pertaining to living members are closed to historians .
All records pertaining to living members are closed to historians.
All records point to complete online full text.
All records produced by the committee are public records.
All records provide a link to the site and most provide a description of the contents of the site.
All records provide bibliographical references with abstracts.
All records relate to Australian indigenous health and are in English.
All records relate to Australian Indigenous health and are in English.
All records relate to Australian Indigenous health.
All records relating to any business in Malaysia are to be kept and retained in Malaysia.
All records relating to library card registration and materials borrowed are confidential.
All records retain a history of payments made over a period based on fact.
All records return to zero lates at the end of the second marking period.
All records seem to have been lost in the fire.
All records show significant interannual variability during the bomb era.
All Records Summarize all sales, record gross sales data.
Any record is prone to error, even primary sources like birth and death certificates.
Any record matches a null argument string.
Any record posting without an icon is available from the posting member for either trade or sale.
Every record consists of one or more fields .
Every record contains information but some records are valuable primarily for their raw data.
Every record contains the score, date and the average time to answer the question.
Every record has a real audio clip, and they've got a massive collection in every genre.
Every record has a record key, which is assigned during the data entry process.
Every record has a unique table title that meets a searching criteria.
Every record has a window with basic information about experimental conditions and comments.
Every record has an optional free-form memo associated with it.
Every record has the preset fields.
Every record has the same slots to fill in, like a form.
Every record includes a full citation, precise indexing, and a short abstract for easy searching.
Every record includes a list of the libraries that own the item in question.
Every record includes a substantial summary written in layperson's terms.
Every record includes full names with aka's, dba's, addresses and social security numbers.
Every record includes the bibliographic description of the document and the author's abstract.
Every record is a portrait of the band at that time.
Every record is a reflection of where the band is at the time it was written.
Every record is an experiment both sonically and emotionally.
Every record is an original issue for the label unless otherwise noted.
Every record is consciously apart from the others.
Every record is divided into fields.
Every record is indexed under one or more subjects.
Every record is represented as an element.
Every record is verified at least four times a year.
Many records also provide residence information.
Many records also reveal the person's age or date of birth.
Many records also reveal their place of residence.
Many records also show the names of the parents of the bride and groom.
Many records are also available on compact disc from Ancestry and other publishers.
Many records are available at public and university libraries and genealogical societies.
Many records are available electronically and in digital formats.
Many records are available to learn a melody to go with the prayers.
Many records are flawed and of poor quality.
Many records are in book form.
Many records are new, still in their shrink wrap.
Many records are now available online.
Many records are now only available on microfilm.
Many records are online.
Many records are unofficial and are recorded on the honor system.
Many records are very dark or faded and very difficult to read if at all.
Many records are very difficult to read.
Many records attest to their interest in religious matters as well as in secular affairs.
Many records contain abbreviated versions of source journal titles.
Many records contain abstracts.
Many records contain an abstract.
Many records contain company histories and chronologies.
Many records contain links to e-mail addresses and home pages of organizations.
Many records exist to detail the family members.
Many records give country of origin, place of residence in America, and occupation.
Many records have abstracts and subject descriptors.
Many records have biographical data.
Many records have comments together with the names of cities.
Many records have full text attached.
Many records have incomplete entries.
Many records have no defined translations at all.
Many records look like they describe a book, but they are actually book reviews.
Many records maintained by the Kansas courts are open for inspection.
Many records relating to Indigenous people deal with entire families and communities.
Many records remain housed in county parishes.
Many records require identification of the person or persons who created the record.
Many records show that lace merchants sold lace a Valencienne when in reality it was made elsewhere.
Many records use the station as a location on which to focus dealings with people.
More records are in paper form than electronic.
More records are in the Washington, DC, headquarters, regional offices and presidential libraries.
More records await our perusal.
More records tumble, and then tragedy.
Most records also provide the marriage date and the name of the bride's father.
Most records are available in full-text format with image sources.
Most records are available on the internet at no charge.
Most records are early or original pressings.
Most records are for English language items, followed by Spanish, French, German.
Most records are from English-language sources or have English abstracts.
Most records are from people who have done research on their own and sent copies.
Most records are in English, with many languages represented in the source documents.
Most records are in English.
Most records are in good condition.
Most records are in local custody.
Most records are of birds on breeding territory, rather than actual migrants.
Most records are of cat kills or of skulls in owl pellets.
Most records are on microfilm and are arranged chronologically by burial date.
Most records are on microfilm or microfiche and can be loaned to a center for a small fee.
Most records are on microfilm or microfiche and can be loaned to a centre for a reasonable fee.
Most records are on microfilm or microfiche and can be used at a center.
Most records are on microfilm or microfiche and can be used at a Centre.
Most records are open for research, with the assistance of the archivist.
Most records are open to researchers under the provisions of Ohio's public records laws.
Most records are pretty routine.
Most records are quite complete and contain a wealth of genealogical information.
Most records are secondhand, although there are some new unplayed items.
Most records can provide a list of libraries that hold the journal title.
Most records come from the buffalo pasture and particularly the area around the buffalo feeders.
Most records consist of bibliographic citations containing abstracts and author-supplied keywords.
Most records contain a description of the particular item on the second screen.
Most records contain abstracts.
Most records contain an abstract .
Most records contain an abstract.
Most records contain multiple descriptors in both English and French.
Most records contain record number, birthdate, name, parents' names, and race.
Most records created by a lawyer in the practice of law belong to the client.
Most records diminish in primary value over time.
Most records fall during the championships, when swimmers are rested.
Most records generally show age on enlistment, place of birth, trade or calling, ships.
Most records have a short one month to one year active life.
Most records have abstracts, and some sources are quoted in full.
Most records have abstracts.
Most records have an abstract.
Most records have an author abstract.
Most records have English abstracts.
Most records have images of the print as well.
Most records have one classification code except where subjects overlap.
Most records have subject keywords or abstracts.
Most records have tables containing valuable facts and figures on companies and products.
Most records held at the state and federal level prior to that date are still available.
Most records held here relate to British naval ships.
Most records hold only a value of something that is special to their owner.
Most records includes abstracts with evaluations.
Most records link to full text online journals and newsletters.
Most records maintained by public entities are open for public inspection and copying.
Most records maintained by public entities are open records.
Most records processing clerks work regular business hours.
Most records provide a list of libraries that hold the journal title.
Most records provide a list of libraries that hold the journal.
Most records provide a list of librarires that hold the journal titles.
Most records provide a list of library holdings.
Most records provide birth information, marriage date, marriage location, and religion.
Most records provide both birth and baptism dates.
Most records represent individual shots and have text descriptions of the action in the shot.
Most records represent the incoming and outgoing receipts of a commercial or dry goods store.
Most records simply vanish, while newspapers and the like no longer mention the subject.
Most records tend to be held in the country of arrival.
Some record exists for every year.
Some records also become hits , including comedy recordings .
Some records also contain adoption or indenture information.
Some records also have abstracts in English.
Some records also have online connections.
Some records are application by the widow.
Some records are appropriate to keep on microfiche or computer disk.
Some records are at both locations.
Some records are available from Macbeths in Victoria.
Some records are available on-line.
Some records are available online.
Some records are available.
Some records are clearly of enduring value and are being reclassified as such.
Some records are closed.
Some records are confidential.
Some records are criticisms of regulations and allocations.
Some records are difficult to locate.
Some records are easy to walk away from unscathed.
Some records are even available by mail.
Some records are exempt from public disclosure according to the Freedom of Information Act.
Some records are expensive but they have got some rare ones.
Some records are in French and Spanish.
Some records are in Latin or Spanish.
Some records are in Latin, German or Spanish.
Some records are in Latin, Spanish or French.
Some records are in Latin, Spanish or German.
Some records are in Latin.
Some records are in Yiddish.
Some records are incomplete and are subject to revision.
Some records are incomplete as information was taken from indexes rather than certificates.
Some records are incomplete.
Some records are inheritly better than others.
Some records are just magical.
Some records are just perfect.
Some records are missing and others that exist are incomplete.
Some records are more detailed than others.
Some records are now online.
Some records are off-campus and require a day's advance notice.
Some records are online and other links contain information on obtaining records.
Some records are only a document or two, but others can be a dozen - or more.
Some records are out of date.
Some records are personal, meaning they are private papers.
Some records are Presidential records, meaning they are public records.
Some records are still blank.
Some records are still in Seville, Spain.
Some records are under military classification.
Some records are valuable for a time and some records are a liability in time.
Some records are very, very special, and some are rubbish.
Some records become semi-active records.
Some records contain a detailed description and link to the company's web site.
Some records contain a lot more information, while others have very minimal data.
Some records contain actual photographs, drawings, audio files, etc.
Some records contain additional notations written in Yiddish or Hebrew.
Some records contain additional source notes and biographical info.
Some records contain additional source notes and biographical information.
Some records contain additional source notes, facts, and biographical information.
Some records contain an abstract.
Some records contain complex codes.
Some records contain map coordinates fields.
Some records contain more than one image.
Some records contain one, other's contain many.
Some records contain only referrences in passing while others contain detailed information.
Some records contain source notes or biographical information.
Some records contain statistics only and are of less value genealogically.
Some records contain the full original article, although most contain an abstract.
Some records contain validity and reliability information concerning original instrument.
Some records exist as photostatic copies.
Some records exist for burial society plots.
Some records exist in digital format and are available from our data page .
Some records exist of termites damaging seedlings and fungal diseases attacking leaves in India.
Some records get better as they go on.
Some records go back a century.
Some records have a button below the citation.
Some records have a Check for holdings button below the citation.
Some records have abstracts, some are available full-text.
Some records have additional goodies.
Some records have confidential personal information or other restrictions.
Some records have full text attached.
Some records have no geographical coordinates of the location.
Some records have restrictions on access.
Some records have table of contents information.
Some records have the cool sunglasses icon while others actually have a review.
Some records however contain information that is either privileged or of a personal nature.
Some records indicate our ancestors lived in Connecticut.
Some records indicate that great grandchildren of the original settlers made the final payments.
Some records issued by local registrars can go directly to the county clerk.
Some records link to Web-based resources such as databases and finding aids.
Some records provide brief biographical descriptions of directors or officers.
Some records provide full-text descriptions, claims, and drawings.
Some records refer to people in South Africa, Australia and other locations around the world.
Some records require approval of executive director.
Some records reveal the resident's age, and length of residence.
Some records seem to belong under more than one series or category.
Some records show nesting in man-made boxes on grasslands and in nonforested wetlands.
Some records show the occupation of the parent or guardian and the person's nationality.
Some records survive, but many have been destroyed.
Some records use English spellings, others use American spellings, eg. 'color' vs 'colour'.
Recordable CDs are about here.
Recordable CDs are different in that there are no pits in the polycarbonate.
Recordable CDs are one of the most cost-effective storage media available today.
Recordable CDs are superior to tapes because of the most elemental reason - the way they are shaped.
Recordable CDs are the most recent gee-whiz development.
Recordable CDs have many attractive features for the exchange of sound programmes.
Recordable data includes processes, substances, persons, locations, property, environment.
Recordable discs are different.
Recorded instances are.
Most recorded mortalities are the result of road deaths and getting trapped in cattle grids.
Recorded sessions are available on audio cassettes.
Recorded sessions are now available through our web pages.
Recorded vote is requested.
Recorded vote is taken.
A recorder player is a musician
Recorder players tend to stay a little longer than the passers by.
All recorder players are welcome.
A recorder is equipment
Recorder can handle the incoming calls.
Recorder controls all the persistent needs, maintains and uses connection to database server.
Recorder counts and fills in number of pattern blocks used.
Recorder enters answers to the questions on one of the laptops.
Recorder gets copy of problem and records group's answer and method.
Recorder is a specialty, so are capped reeds.
Recorder is located in the geological sciences department.
Recorder is suggested.
Recorder is the object that bridges the gap between the client code and the multimedia subsystem.
Recorder isa equipment.
Recorder keeps a list of the steps.
Recorder lists ideas on the board.
Recorder marks on a class chart the number of marbles the boat held.
Recorder notes how many times the subject catches the ball out of ten tosses.
Recorder records all details of suggestions while facilitator marks main notes on the board.
Recorder records names of partners and scores.
Recorder records the weight of the liquid and any other properties observed.
Recorder requires service Get Out of Jail.
Recorder requires service.
Recorder saves key strokes or mouse activity for later playback.
Recorder tallies the catches and misses in each category.
Recorder writes down the amount of mileage for each student.
Recorders are a wonderful first wind instrument for elementary age children.
Recorders are available but cost several thousand dollars.
Recorders are available in standard size, or mini size enclosueres.
Recorders are available now.
Recorders are available with optional limit device or controller capability.
Recorders are equipment.
Recorders are flute-like instruments that are used to learn pitch, melody and harmony.
Recorders are instruments.
Recorders are judges.
Recorders are made in different sizes.
Recorders are most interested in the record of the transaction.
Recorders are typically magnetic with sync-pulse capability.
Recorders can be somewhat intimidating when doing in-person interviews.
Recorders can Make a Difference.
Recorders come in a wide range of sizes.
Recorders come in all shapes and sizes and are very easy to use.
Recorders Create beautiful sounds with flute-like instruments.
Recorders have (part) circuits.
Recorders have (part) sections.
Recorders keep track of all of the data.
Recorders make list of everything found.
Recorders make many people uneasy and they clam up.
Recorders register the group memory.
Recorders use microphones.
Recorders write answers to questions on butcher paper.
Recorders write the information gathered by the backends to files.
Recorders write the information on the in Florida proper forms.
All recorders are new and carry the maker's warranty.
Most recorders have a record level meter that is often labelled in 'VU' or volume units.
Most recorders just count spool revolutions, which makes for quite inaccurate elapsed time listings.
Most recorders now have several inputs.
Most recorders use microphones.
Some recorders can accept footswitches for control of certain functions.
Some recorders format the minutes so that there is a column at the right margin.
Some recorders run fast or slow because of the particular motor being used.
Recording artists appear on two free outdoor music stages.
Recording artists are musicians.
Recording artists deserve to make a living just as much as anyone.
Recording artists earn royalties in Britain based on a station's listenership.
Recording artists oppose the provision changing the bankruptcy law.
Every recording artist needs one.
Some recording artists encourage pirating of their music.
Some recording artists hate talking about their signature tunes.
Recording formats get smaller and smaller.
Recording sessions are mental exercises.
Recording sessions can be long but the work is usually carried out in teams.
Recording sessions can have many stops and starts, even with highly paid professional narrators.
Recording sessions provide each young composer with a tape of the work performed.
A recording studio is a studio
Recording studios are studios.
Recording studios can promote recording facilities and services.
Recording studios do well when musicians and bands can make enough money to keep recording.
Recording studios rise, fall, and are demolished.
Most recording studios use hard disk recording machines.
Most recording studios use Toast to master their production CDs.
Recording tape is made of a polyester backing.
All recording tape has inherent noise in the form of hiss, and perhaps clicks and pops.
Recording technology is cheap now.
A recording is a signal
Recording also tracks the chronological chain of title.
Recording appears in the status area at the bottom of the Main window.
Recording Ask the students to record their solution on the triangle dot paper.
Recording begins .
Recording begins after a successful test.
Recording begins at a furious pace.
Recording begins at the inner radius and ends at the outer.
Recording begins automatically at the sound of a voice and stops the moment the voice does.
Recording begins immediately after the file name is accepted.
Recording can also keep decisions on target.
Recording can be continuous and triggered at the same time.
Recording constitutes automatic default.
Recording contains a release meditation.
Recording continues until a call to OSAStopRecording turns recording off.
Recording gives notice.
Recording has to continually be a learning process.
Recording includes harp, tambura, piano, gongs, Tibetan bowls, tingshas, windchimes, and percussion.
Recording includes job descriptions, qualifications and application procedure.
Recording is a big part of any musical endeavor as a performer.
Recording is a fundamental part of science.
Recording is a high-energy process that benefits from a wide head gap.
Recording is a mixed bag.
Recording is a much more makeshift venture.
Recording is a priority to the band at the moment.
Recording is a programmatic process and it is very cumbersome to start a recording.
Recording is a radically different experience than performing live.
Recording is a retrospective reliving of the encounter.
Recording is a tool.
Recording is a very involved process, and there are several factors to consider.
Recording is about creating a document.
Recording is acceptable.
Recording is achieved by simply pressing the record button only .
Recording is almost like meditating.
Recording is another casualty of our wanton ways.
Recording is another good test since some drives take longer to write than read.
Recording is another problem, due to financial constraints.
Recording is as simple as selecting a track and pressing record.
Recording is available for live stream via URL or web playback.
Recording is better to be done in a studio.
Recording is carried out manually and automatically, on activation of the movement detector.
Recording is completed, mixing in progress.
Recording is completed.
Recording is digital so there are no moving parts to wear out or break.
Recording is done at the county offices in the county where the land is located.
Recording is done by drawing arrows to indicate the directions of the form of communication.
Recording is done by means of a thermal array line printing on thermal paper.
Recording is done by plugging the unit directly into the Sound Blaster.
Recording is done digitally to give a high level of full colour reproduction.
Recording is done in a floated isolation recording booth.
Recording is done on an multichannel engineering seismograph.
Recording is done only at the request of the instructor .
Recording is done with a MD using a mono speech microphone.
Recording is done, mixing is in progress.
Recording is easier to implement.
Recording is essential to protect one's interest in real estate.
Recording is excellent mono.
Recording is Excellent mono.
Recording is fascinating but very complex.
Recording is filled with crackles and the microphone seems to be easily over powered.
Recording is finished after only one month.
Recording is fun.
Recording is great fun.
Recording is here.
Recording is in the popular .WAV format and is compatible with most WindowsTM based audio editors.
Recording is informal and done at the time the event or activities occur.
Recording is like a never-ending process.
Recording is like songwriting.
Recording is made of co-morbid states and levels of diagnostic confidence.
Recording is more than icing on the cake.
Recording is much more intimate and subtle, in a way.
Recording is non-invasive and painless.
Recording is notice.
Recording is of demo quality only.
Recording is off by default in our software.
Recording is one half of the sphere, and touring is the other.
Recording is one way to preserve the music,but it is nothing but a recorded sound.
Recording is paused after still photos are taken.
Recording is permanent, or easily erased, simply record over the old recording.
Recording is possible regardless of the copy defeat restriction.
Recording is possibly the most important aspect of fieldwork.
Recording is repeated in the same localities in subsequent years as far as possible.
Recording is saved on any hard disk drive selected by the user.
Recording is simple.
Recording is the best part of the whole process of record-making.
Recording is the fastest reached record speed available in standard half-height form factor drives.
Recording is the magazine for the recording musician.
Recording is the norm and concerts are glorifications of recording.
Recording is variable.
Recording is very high quality.
Recording is what a minidisc does best.
Recording is, of course, supported.
Recording lists current job vacancies.
Recording needs to be done in such a way that the language can be subsequently transmitted.
Recording plays back too fast.
Recording provides detailed job descriptions including requirements and salary range.
Recording refers to making a copy using any computer, video or audio device.
Recording seems to work.
Recording serves only to perfect the lien.
Recording shows multiple dips in oxygen saturation.
Recording sounds from nature, such as birds.
Recording sounds great very energetic.
Recording sounds with a microphone is simple.
Recording starts a few minutes before they arrive.
Recording starts instantly to reduce the chance of missed shots.
Recording takes as much talent and experience as playing an insturment.
Recording takes place after execution of the transfer.
Recording ultrasounds in the field.
Recording works the same as in the word pair exercise.
Recordings also add to musicians' incomes, both through recording fees and royalties.
Recordings also provide a formal record of information given and clinical recommendations made.
Recordings are a bit hard to find, but it's fascinating stuff.
Recordings are a duplication of someone's art.
Recordings are a mixed blessing.
Recordings are also available for purchase.
Recordings are among the finest in the world.
Recordings are an inexpensive way of keeping important reference material.
Recordings are available at the website .
Recordings are available for all of the compositions discussed in the book.
Recordings are available for both individual words and sentences as well as for translations.
Recordings are available for reference only, with ample listening facilities.
Recordings are available for sale at performances.
Recordings are available for use only if a preservation copy has been made.
Recordings are available for vocalizations of the golden monkey.
Recordings are available in audiocassette format.
Recordings are available in both cassette tape and compact disc formats.
Recordings are available in both CDs and cassettes.
Recordings are available in either vinyl disc or compact disc.
Recordings are available on all of the world s major formats.
Recordings are bright and clear and betray nothing of their vintage beyond an analog warmth.
Recordings are commercially available of computer music and music prepared on similar machines.
Recordings are difficult to evaluate compared to live auditionees.
Recordings are fomites but are also sort of virtual vectors.
Recordings are for non-commercial use only.
Recordings are for personal use only.
Recordings are for sale at the door of the choir's concerts.
Recordings are for the students personal use.
Recordings are good for promotion.
Recordings are good, but our own voices are better.
Recordings are in real time instead of time-lapse.
Recordings are in the music listening room.
Recordings are memory devices.
Recordings are often like retouching a photo.
Recordings are quieter.
Recordings are signals.
Recordings are timeless.
Recordings become accessible.
Recordings can be either single tracks or full-length albums.
Recordings can be in cassette tape or compact disc format.
Recordings can be multitrack, stereo mix to tape or both.
Recordings can be simple and plain, or layered and looped or manipulated.
Recordings circulate for one week.
Recordings circulate for use in the Library only.
Recordings circulate only to faculty, staff, and graduate teaching assistants for classroom use.
Recordings Click above to see our ever growing selection of collegiate a cappella recordings.
Recordings contain thirty extended tracks of recorded backgrounds.
Recordings continue to be digitized at an unknown rate.
Recordings deteriorate and computer formats change.
Recordings do a better job.
Recordings done when no seizures are occurring are normal.
Recordings embody a historical immediacy that exists in tandem with written communication.
Recordings Enter the recordings section .
Recordings featured are high quality samples digitized from actual jamming equipment.
Recordings fill the gap.
Recordings generally are only for in-library use.
Recordings Get the CDs to go with the books.
Recordings go out of print often and with no warning.
Recordings highlighted in yellow are of special merit.
Recordings is a catch-all phrase for what everyone once referred to as albums.
Recordings Live in Seoul Recorded as a Video available only in Korea.
Recordings Look here for CDs, albums, tapes, singles, and videos.
Recordings made in Krakow and Prague have yet to be released.
Recordings made in Krakow, Poland, and Prague, have yet to be released.
Recordings make perfect notes for review and sharing with others.
Recordings offer oral histories from eyewitnesses.
Recordings offer the listener of today great insights into performers of the past.
Recordings Order our cassette releases.
Recordings produced by xmservd have one or more statsets.
Recordings refers to midi files, wave files, and other audio files.
Recordings restrict dynamic range so that nuance becomes disproportionately important.
Recordings seem to sound muddy or cloudy.
Recordings typically last only for a few minutes.
Recordings View a list of CDs and videos of The Turn of the Screw.
Recording always happens before animation.
Recordings always start at current playing point.
Recordings usually take no more than an hour.
All recording is done by invitation only.
All recording is done digitally or on SVHS tape.
All recording is done in real time.
All recording is done in response to specific requests from blind or dyslexic people.
All recording is done to hard disc and mastered on to a compact disc.
All recording is security code protected.
All recordings appear by permission of and on loan from the artists.
All recordings are analog and the sound is guaranteed to be as rough and old-style as the music.
All recordings are appropriate for family listening.
All recordings are available as either CD or cassette.
All recordings are available at mid price, many for the first time.
All recordings are available both in cassette and CD formats.
All recordings are available for commercial use.
All recordings are available in the catalogue .
All recordings are available on CD and cassette.
All recordings are by native speakers.
All recordings are complete with photos, maps and notes written by the original recordists.
All recordings are declarations of one sort or another.
All recordings are digital.
All recordings are electronic.
All recordings are from broadcast transcription tapes in the best possible sound.
All recordings are fully digital.
All recordings are live.
All recordings are of a live performance unless otherwise stated.
All recordings are of superior audio quality and are edited to avoid frustrating errors.
All recordings are self-produced.
All recordings listed are part of the author's private collection.
Every recording consists of approx.
Every recording deserves good mastering.
Every recording has a perfect setting where the levels are ideal for recording.
Every recording is a different experience and every client has different needs.
Every recording is artificial in a sense.
Every recording is different in emphasis.
Every recording is kept in print.
Many recordings are substandard.
Many recordings become works of art in themselves.
Many recordings exist, including some bootlegs.
Many recordings present highlights from more than one opera.
More recording is also a distinct possibility.
More recordings are in the works.
Most recordings are of good quality cosidering their age.
Some recordings are available on bootleg CD labels.
Some recordings are so good they never go away.
Some recordings are the equivalent of American country and western music.
Some recordings have midi drums and synth accompaniment parts.
Some recordings reflect an interest in early days in Montana.
Recordings quality is excellent.
Records management is a fulltime position in our company.
Records management is a relatively new discipline.
Records management is an important management concept.
Records management is an in-depth study of records management programs for organizations.
Records management is another benefit.
Records management is distinct from archival management.
Records management is the key to successful archiving.
Records management is the science and the art of gathering and controlling information in all forms.
Records management is the systematic control of records from creation to final disposition.
Records management requires a long view of the system life cycle.
Records management serves a firm or other organization.
Records managers are in special demand as offices are forced into the electronics revolution.
Records research varies from state to state and county to county.
Records retention manages archiving and disposal schedules of records, both electronic and paper.
Recount tally questionable The election is over.
A recount is a count
Recount attempts to observe black holes indirectly and list examples of black hole candidates.
Recounts are a public proceeding and members of the mediamay attend to observe.
Recounts are as much an art as a science.
Recounts are counts.
Recounts are done and the absentees are counted, let's move forward.
Recounts are no sure thing that anything changes, just a confirmation that the count is right.
Recounts are OK, but only up to a point.
Recounts are okay.
Recounts are one thing, but to urge a court to override Florida's election code is something else.
Recounts are possible in Iowa, Wisconsin and New Hampshire.
Recounts are routine.
Recounts are under way in at least two additional counties.
Recounts can be personal, factual or imaginary.
Recounts fate of a blasphemous sailor.
Recounts provide no justice when there are voters whose ballots never made it into the tally.
Recounts seem unknown, and decisive results are the norm.
All recounts are difficult.
Recoupment litigation is taxation without legislation.
Recourse debt is only against general partner.
Recourse is assistance
Every recourse outside is an abdication, a waste of energy.
Recoverable data is read from files.
Any recoverable part reduces the work necessary to make replacement heads.
Recovered paint is sorted to yield different grades of basestocks for optimum marketability.
Recovery amounts vary dramatically depending on the particular sequence of each peptide.
Recovery days are crucial.
Recovery days are great for building team spirit.
Recovery plan is concluded to be elimination, renew, recovery, amendment, accordingly.
Recovery plans differ from species to species.
Recovery plans focus on individual species.
Recovery plans serve as blueprints for the survival of species teetering on the brink of extinction.
All recovery plans dealing with wolves encourage extensive public education about wolves.
Recovery position has the hand and arm over the while in the air.
Recovery rate is low.
Recovery rate is measured immediately after exercise or after waiting a specific period of time.
Recovery rates are better the earlier treatment begins.
Recovery rates are higher for a walk-out basement.
Recovery rates are low, so prevention is important.
Recovery rates vary from person to person, depending to a large degree on patient motivation.
Recovery rates vary, however, with recovery occurring within one to three years.
A recovery room is a room
Recovery rooms are in place.
Recovery systems are commercially available and widely used.
Recovery time can be a good indication of fitness relative to the rest of the dogs in the group.
Recovery time can range from several months to over a year.
Recovery time can range from six months to a year.
Recovery time can vary, depending on the laser type used.
Recovery time depends on the area.
Recovery time depends on the cause and severity of the sinusitis.
Recovery time depends on the extent of the surgery and on the individual patient.
Recovery time depends on the extent of the surgery and the patient's condition prior to the break.
Recovery time depends on the individual, but usually follows a general pattern.
Recovery time depends on the network connection and the response of the backup site.
Recovery time depends on the person s general health and the degree of infection.
Recovery time depends on the person.
Recovery time depends on what is found during the procedure and what was done.
Recovery time increases as persons age.
Recovery time is a few days at home.
Recovery time is about one week.
Recovery time is about three hours.
Recovery time is always important.
Recovery time is an indicator of fitness.
Recovery time is approximately one week.
Recovery time is approximately two weeks.
Recovery time is around four weeks.
Recovery time is directly related to the availability of plans.
Recovery time is directly related to the availability of the plans.
Recovery time is dramatically faster than with a reconstruction.
Recovery time is generally one to two days.
Recovery time is generally rapid.
Recovery time is in seconds, instead of minutes to hours compared to traditional file systems.
Recovery time is just as important as the exercise itself.
Recovery time is longer than any other peel, usually several months.
Recovery time is longer, and the down time between games is shorter.
Recovery time is minimal.
Recovery time is much faster than that of a hysterectomy.
Recovery time is much faster.
Recovery time is often rapid to very rapid.
Recovery time is only a few days at home.
Recovery time is particularly important for vehicle counting.
Recovery time is quick and discomfort is minimal.
Recovery time is quicker than general anesthesia.
Recovery time is quicker.
Recovery time is rapid, children are generally playing and back to school within a couple days.
Recovery time is rapid.
Recovery time is reduced and recovery options are increased.
Recovery time is scheduled to be around four months.
Recovery time is short and patients can usually return to normal activities within a few days.
Recovery time is short, and most people can resume normal activities in a few days.
Recovery time is shorter in comparison with traditional excimer laser surgery.
Recovery time is similar for the two different approaches.
Recovery time is slow as the people wait for the next year's growing season.
Recovery time is the amount of time that it takes the monitor to clear itself of the air sample.
Recovery time is two to three days.
Recovery time is typically shorter.
Recovery time is typically two to six weeks.
Recovery time is unknown.
Recovery time is usually considerably less painful than surgical procedures used in the past.
Recovery time is usually only around one week.
Recovery time is usually short.
Recovery time is usually very fast.
Recovery time is variable.
Recovery time is very quick for next practice.
Recovery time varies as well.
Recovery time varies depending on the extent of surgery, but can take up to several weeks.
Recovery time varies from a couple of minutes to half an hour or more.
Recovery time varies from person to person.
Recovery time varies with each animal and each seizure.
Recovery time varies with the type of transplant and potential complications.
Recovery time varies, depending on the underlying cause.
Recovery time varies.
Recovery times can vary from outing to outing and pitcher to pitcher.
Recovery times vary with the size of the file.
Recoveries are available for unrestricted current operating purposes.
Recoveries are often faster at home.
Recoveries are relatively rare.
Recoveries can include actual or statutory damages and attorney's fees.
Recoveries decrease for larger and smaller fragments as indicated on the gel.
Recoveries do happen, but they're rare.
Recoveries do happen.
Recoveries provide fascinating reading, particularly when compared with foreign records.
Recoveries ranges from the tens of thousands of dollars to multi-million dollar settlements.
Recovery actually begins when the intense workout starts.
Recovery actually works with that same knee jerk reflex mentality.
Recovery also contributes to a system s ability to maintain essential services during intrusion.
Recovery also encompasses the re-establishment of an emotional equilibrium.
Recovery also ensures that very often too little is given up in a contraction.
Recovery also means less government regulation and cleaner water supplies for Southern California.
Recovery becomes an expensive proposition and is usually hours away.
Recovery becomes the search for serenity.
Recovery begins very quickly following a heart attack.
Recovery begins with abstinence.
Recovery begins with one step.
Recovery begins with support from family members and with help from communities.
Recovery begins with the painful recognition that there is a problem.
Recovery begins with the spirit.
Recovery can be a lengthy and difficult process.
Recovery can be a long and uncertain process.
Recovery can be a long, slow process, but it really is worth the struggle.
Recovery can be a valuable aid in solving.
Recovery can be almost immediate, allowing patients to go home faster.
Recovery can be as difficult as the actual drinking behavior.
Recovery can be as much a mental effort as a physical one.
Recovery can be cumbersome, but it's possible.
Recovery can be lengthy and uncomfortable.
Recovery can be overwhelming.
Recovery can be satisfied even when there is more mutilation than is necessary.
Recovery can be slow and painful.
Recovery can be slow, difficult and sometimes only partial.
Recovery can be worse than the disease itself.
Recovery can help many patients with underlying medical conditions.
Recovery can leave prolonged fatigue and depression.
Recovery can occur completely or with any level of permanent loss of brain function.
Recovery can often take a long time.
Recovery can on a physical level be about gaining the weight the body needs to do it's job.
Recovery can range from interim processing of critical systems for a few days to full redundancy.
Recovery can seem like an endless journey.
Recovery can take a long time and depends on many factors.
Recovery can take a long time.
Recovery can take a month or more.
Recovery can take a week or more.
Recovery can take from a few weeks to several months.
Recovery can take many years.
Recovery can take months and is often accompanied by discomfort and reduced activity.
Recovery can take months but is usually complete unless complications occur.
Recovery can take months or years.
Recovery can take more than a year, if a patient survives.
Recovery can take one to two years, often even longer.
Recovery can take quite a long time though.
Recovery can take several months to years.
Recovery can take several months.
Recovery can take several weeks.
Recovery can take three months or more.
Recovery can take two or more weeks.
Recovery can take two to six weeks.
Recovery can take up to six months.
Recovery can take weeks and be extremely painful.
Recovery can take weeks, months, or years.
Recovery can take years, and there is often little understanding from church authorities.
Recovery chances good with quick defibrillation.
Recovery comes eventually.
Recovery comes from ceasing to be one of the problems.
Recovery comes from choice.
Recovery comes in small steps.
Recovery comes through receiving the necessary treatment and supportive services.
Recovery continues until all systems return to normal operations.
Recovery continues until all systems return to normal, or near normal.
Recovery covers a lot more territory than eating or non-eating behavior.
Recovery depends a great deal on early detection.
Recovery depends greatly on the concurrency-control scheme.
Recovery depends on an individual taking medication as prescribed.
Recovery depends on effective research, education and law enforcement.
Recovery depends on foreseeability with respect to the victim and the injury.
Recovery depends on heat duration and intensity.
Recovery depends on information.
Recovery depends on outcomes besides just return to work.
Recovery depends on protection of all life stages and throughout the range of the species.
Recovery depends on sprouting a new axon terminal.
Recovery depends on the cause of the palpitations.
Recovery depends on the degree of vestibular loss and on the individual's ability to compensate.
Recovery depends on the exact type and degree of injury.
Recovery depends on the exact type and degree of the underlying problem.
Recovery depends on the extent of the brain injury.
Recovery depends on the individual patient s health.
Recovery depends on the individual.
Recovery depends on the nature and extent of the damage done.
Recovery depends on the nature of the damage done by the overdose.
Recovery depends on the nature of the illness.
Recovery depends on the patient's overall health and immune system.
Recovery depends on the severity of the condition causing the edema.
Recovery depends on the speed and vigor of treatment.
Recovery depends upon degree of fire severity.
Recovery depends upon it.
Recovery depends upon the cause.
Recovery depends upon the injured person s tort threshold election.
Recovery differs according to the severity of injury.
Recovery does require physical access to the server.
Recovery embraces the idea that one lives life positively one day at a time.
Recovery emphasizes the restoration of self-esteem and on attaining meaningful roles in society.
Recovery encourages the patient to work with the doctor.
Recovery following a disk failure is relatively slow, but reliable enough.
Recovery following reversal is faster in children than in adults.
Recovery following sexual assault is possible.
Recovery following the procedure is usually complete in two to three days.
Recovery follows in hours, after the ethanol and acetaldehyde have been metabolized.
Recovery follows only after the neuron develops a new axon, which can take months.
Recovery follows rapidly on return to a lower altitude.
Recovery follows within a few hours.
Recovery generally occurs within days or weeks.
Recovery generally provides a solid immunity.
Recovery generally requires about one day of rest with a pressure bandage on the leg.
Recovery generally takes two days.
Recovery goes back as far as human history.
Recovery goes backwards from the state at the time of the failure to a consistent database state.
Recovery happens in stages.
Recovery has a way of making one honest.
Recovery has many valleys.
Recovery helps fortify and support the body during any level of activity.
Recovery here is slow, but encouraging.
Recovery highlights how archaeologists find, process, and identify prehistoric plant remains.
Recovery improves our ability to respond, to become response-able.
Recovery improves when doctors detect the cancer at an early stage.
Recovery includes a four-day hospital stay, plus three to six weeks at home.
Recovery includes a liquid diet, pain relievers and muscle relaxants, if needed.
Recovery includes a liquid diet, pain relievers, and muscle relaxants, if needed.
Recovery includes all post-event activities and considerations.
Recovery includes both short term and long-term activities.
Recovery includes development of self-esteem through active participation in society.
Recovery includes getting financial assistance to help pay for the repairs.
Recovery includes learning new life skills, and new ways to deal with emotions.
Recovery includes many weeks of physical therapy.
Recovery invites people with substance abuse and other problem habits into the program.
Recovery involves a great deal more than abstaining.
Recovery involves a period of reduced food intake or food holiday.
Recovery involves creating a new personal vision for oneself.
Recovery involves every aspect of a member's life, and behavior is subject to scrutiny.
Recovery involves overcoming a clumsiness of body and a protest from the mind.
Recovery involves repairing damage that has been done to all aspects of a person's life.
Recovery involves rigorous honesty and acceptance of responsibility .
Recovery involves the use of crutches to keep weight off the foot.
Recovery involves two phases.
Recovery is a choice.
Recovery is a consideration on virtually every shot.
Recovery is a decision.
Recovery is a deeply emotional process.
Recovery is a difficult process that can take several months or even years.
Recovery is a difficult, yet very beautiful lifetime journey.
Recovery is a discussion on recovery.
Recovery is a full time job.
Recovery is a fulltime job.
Recovery is a gift that keeps on giving.
Recovery is a journey between two stations.
Recovery is a journey.
Recovery is a key component in obtaining a successful outcome.
Recovery is a key.
Recovery is a lengthy process for most victims.
Recovery is a liasion - level ministry.
Recovery is a life long commitment.
Recovery is a lifelong commitment that necessitates major lifestyle changes.
Recovery is a lifelong commitment.
Recovery is a life-long effort, though.
Recovery is a lifelong goal.
Recovery is a life-long process and affects every area of a patient's life.
Recovery is a lifelong process characterized by periods of growth and sometimes relapse.
Recovery is a lifelong process.
Recovery is a long, complex progress with layers of pain and negativity to undo.
Recovery is a long, difficult, and frightening process.
Recovery is a long, slow process.
Recovery is a long-term process.
Recovery is a matter of life and death for many physically, for all psychologically and spiritually.
Recovery is a matter of seeing the world doesn t look so dark, so blue, anymore.
Recovery is a matter of time.
Recovery is a mission.
Recovery is a much more vague term.
Recovery is a narrow field and titles sometimes go out of print.
Recovery is a one day at a time process.
Recovery is a path that many of the staff personally walk.
Recovery is a personal matter.
Recovery is a philosophy, a way of living daily life and dealing with everyday situations.
Recovery is a powerful resource.
Recovery is a priority of the Endangered Species Act.
Recovery is a process and it is possible to recognize different gains in each stage of the process.
Recovery is a process and takes time.
Recovery is a process that includes many tools and resources.
Recovery is a process that is different for everyone.
Recovery is a process that takes many years.
Recovery is a process.
Recovery is a simple process.
Recovery is a slow and emotionally painful one.
Recovery is a slow and gradual process.
Recovery is a slow path that often plateaus after gains and setbacks.
Recovery is a slow process because it generally takes months for nerves to regenerate.
Recovery is a slow process.
Recovery is a slow, lifelong process.
Recovery is a spiral, two steps forward, one step back.
Recovery is a spiritual journey.
Recovery is a struggle and for many the spiritual aspect of recovery is the most intense struggle.
Recovery is a system s ability to restore services after an intrusion has occurred.
Recovery is a team effort imo.
Recovery is a term used to quantify the performance of an appliance.
Recovery is a traditional occupation which is of growing importance.
Recovery is about being more in truth than lies and in truth choosing to love self and others.
Recovery is about breaking the secrecy and isolation.
Recovery is about change, and change is about freedom.
Recovery is about dealing with life on life's terms.
Recovery is about life and death, too.
Recovery is about trust.
Recovery is achievable.
Recovery is achieved by wheels, parachutes, parafoils, or nets.
Recovery is achieved only with antibiotics that are effective against the pathogenic mycoplasmas.
Recovery is acts.
Recovery is additional.
Recovery is all about living fully now.
Recovery is also deferred until the death of the surviving spouse.
Recovery is also important.
Recovery is also longer than with an implant.
Recovery is also possible.
Recovery is also susceptible to the same shared mental factors.
Recovery is always a delicate process because any attack weakens the heart to some degree.
Recovery is always a matter of personal choice.
Recovery is always concentrated on a particular element.
Recovery is always possible.
Recovery is always speedy and complete.
Recovery is amazingly fast.
Recovery is an active process, literally a change in the direction of one's life.
Recovery is an amazing process.
Recovery is an excellent tonic and can be taken over prolonged periods of time.
Recovery is an important aspect of doing sprints and agility.
Recovery is an important part of the process as well.
Recovery is an individual thing.
Recovery is an inside job Just for today.
Recovery is an inside job.
Recovery is an interesting exercise.
Recovery is an ongoing process that begins by taking care of first things first.
Recovery is an ongoing process.
Recovery is an uneven process.
Recovery is another.
Recovery is anticipated in each case.
Recovery is as simple as described above.
Recovery is as simple as selecting 'Recover'.
Recovery is associated with an abrupt fall in temperature, also known as crises.
Recovery is attainable.
Recovery is automatic after removal of the overload condition.
Recovery is automatic after the overload is removed.
Recovery is automatic when the load is reduced and the temperature decreases to a safe value.
Recovery is automatic.
Recovery is available only under the conditions of the False Claims Act.
Recovery is ballistic, the fins typically pop off without damage.
Recovery is based on hope or expectation of success and personal empowerment.
Recovery is based on indirect-cost percentage rates.
Recovery is best determined by looking for a plateau in erythrocyte cholinesterase activity.
Recovery is both a physical and mental process to which consistency is the key.
Recovery is built into the threads by definition, since checkpoint is a basic capability.
Recovery is certainly one of the most exciting new concepts in the field of mental health.
Recovery is complete and rapid.
Recovery is complete except for the rare occurrence of residual renal tubular dysfunction.
Recovery is complete if the attached tick is removed before respiratory paralysis occurs.
Recovery is complete in the vast majority of patients.
Recovery is complete within a few weeks and all is apperently well.
Recovery is complete.
Recovery is completed in two steps.
Recovery is completely member managed.
Recovery is complicated, baffling, and difficult.
Recovery is costly.
Recovery is critical when so many people depend on productive systems.
Recovery is definitely possible, but it does take a lot of hard work, patience, and above all, time.
Recovery is denied because the plaintiff's conduct has again rendered the risks reciprocal.
Recovery is dependent on committed and persistent effort from everyone involved.
Recovery is dependent on the development of corticospinal synaptic synapses.
Recovery is dependent on the extent of the injury.
Recovery is dependent on the size of the vein and post-treatment compression.
Recovery is dependent upon how much damage the brain has incurred.
Recovery is dependent upon their regaining the sense of control that they lost when disaster struck.
Recovery is determined by analyzing a sample spiked with a known amount of chemical.
Recovery is different for everyone.
Recovery is difficult and as a family member, it is important to be supportive and patient.
Recovery is difficult and painful.
Recovery is done by issuing compensating operations in case of failure.
Recovery is easier and faster if the mother seeks help early.
Recovery is easier if the person keeps going into the panic creating situation.
Recovery is effected by elastic recoil of the mesoglea.
Recovery is enhanced using pain management.
Recovery is equally opportune.
Recovery is equally straightforward.
Recovery is especially useful if the previous search timed out or ended unexpectedly.
Recovery is extremely rare.
Recovery is fairly quick.
Recovery is fairly simple.
Recovery is far from achieved.
Recovery is fast.
Recovery is favorable with treatment.
Recovery is frequently just a fraction of the amount actually owing.
Recovery is full of losses.
Recovery is generally a few days to one or two weeks.
Recovery is generally complete on the following day but the hospital bill can be significant.
Recovery is generally complete with rare instances of permanent neurological symptoms.
Recovery is generally faster with laparoscopy than with laparotomy.
Recovery is generally rapid, but an individual can suffer reduced energy for days.
Recovery is generally rapid.
Recovery is generally related to season of burn and fire severity.
Recovery is generally smooth and uneventful.
Recovery is generally very prompt.
Recovery is good if the abdominal cavity is relatively large enough.
Recovery is good with prompt antibiotic treatment.
Recovery is governed by the length of time taken to fully restore muscle glycogen.
Recovery is gradual over the next few weeks.
Recovery is gradual, following a period of weakness .
Recovery is gradual.
Recovery is great.
Recovery is guaranteed on all.
Recovery is hard and often very painful, but never give up hope.
Recovery is hard enough.
Recovery is hard work.
Recovery is heavily concentrated in Asia.
Recovery is hindered by denial, and the legal processes are a fertile ground for denial.
Recovery is immediate, with patients walking immediately after surgery.
Recovery is important .
Recovery is important because it minimizes the spread of heat and thus the chance of scarring.
Recovery is important to avoid scar tissue.
Recovery is improved - plants are more vigorous and regrow faster after each cutting.
Recovery is improved - plants are more vigourous and regrow faster after each cutting.
Recovery is improvement
Recovery is improvement.
Recovery is in reverse order.
Recovery is in the reverse order.
Recovery is indeed underway in Asia.
Recovery is indicated by a decline of fever and renewed appetite.
Recovery is individual and spiritual.
Recovery is individual and varies from person to person.
Recovery is initiated by the operator of the disabled item.
Recovery is largely complete in a day.
Recovery is like emergency room medicine.
Recovery is like putting money into a bank account.
Recovery is like that.
Recovery is likely if an antidote can be given shortly after the acid is swallowed.
Recovery is likely if proper treatment is instituted.
Recovery is likely if the acidic effect of salicylate can be neutralized.
Recovery is likely if the acidic effect of the aspirin can be effectively neutralized.
Recovery is likely if the acidic effect of the salicylate can be effectively neutralized.
Recovery is likely if the proper treatment is instituted.
Recovery is likely to be slow.
Recovery is likely, because neatsfoot oil is relatively nontoxic.
Recovery is likely.
Recovery is limited by the rules of remoteness of damage .
Recovery is limited to members of the immediate family of the third person who is injured.
Recovery is limited to the aggregate amount of prior tax benefit to the farmer, plus interest.
Recovery is literally in the air.
Recovery is located in a relatively safe position.
Recovery is long.
Recovery is longer, but the results are more dramatic, if skin and muscles are loose.
Recovery is made by filing claims in estates and by filing liens against homes.
Recovery is made from the estates of recipients and from liens placed on their homes.
Recovery is more complex than most reconstructive surgeries.
Recovery is more complex.
Recovery is more complicated for two reasons.
Recovery is more complicated than usual because of the distributed nature of the parity.
Recovery is more likely if effective treatment is available.
Recovery is more likely with some causes than with others.
Recovery is more than a type of running.
Recovery is more than just meetings and therapy.
Recovery is mostly a matter of time.
Recovery is much less traumatic than for a facelift.
Recovery is much more than the abandonment of starving and stuffing.
Recovery is much slower, and never to be complete, for the families of victims.
Recovery is necessarily therefore a new way of life.
Recovery is nevertheless under way in some species.
Recovery is no day at the beach.
Recovery is normally complete, but headaches, tiredness and depression many persist.
Recovery is normally rapid once cuts are made.
Recovery is normally spontaneous.
Recovery is now the dominant theme.
Recovery is now under way.
Recovery is now underway.
Recovery is often a long-term and difficult process.
Recovery is often dramatically rapid without complications.
Recovery is often incomplete, but substantial gains are usually possible.
Recovery is often more difficult.
Recovery is often possible if treated soon enough.
Recovery is often possible, and prevention can be effective.
Recovery is often slow.
Recovery is often very rapid.
Recovery is one model, there are many more.
Recovery is ongoing process to learn to live with our fellows with joy and sober.
Recovery is ongoing.
Recovery is only a day or two.
Recovery is only dependant on the capacitance of metal-silicon junction.
Recovery is open and had guests during the storm.
Recovery is our first topic, with the others to follow.
Recovery is our ultimate goal for each threatened and endangered species.
Recovery is painful and difficult.
Recovery is painful.
Recovery is part of it.
Recovery is pending court decisions.
Recovery is performed without knowledge of the original audio signal.
Recovery is physical, emotional and spiritual and all are equally important.
Recovery is possible but can be a slow, difficult and frustrating process.
Recovery is possible from all types of network interruptions and bandwidth constrictions.
Recovery is possible however, if the disease is caught in time.
Recovery is possible if dealt with care.
Recovery is possible in an atmosphere which is free from judgment, fear and discrimination.
Recovery is possible just as with other illnesses.
Recovery is possible when friends, family and community work together.
Recovery is possible when the person receives the necessary treatment and supportive services.
Recovery is possible when treatment is undertaken early.
Recovery is possible with proper treatment.
Recovery is possible, assuming that the organism is identified and treated early.
Recovery is possible.
Recovery is Possible.
Recovery is presumed to be due to regeneration and collateral sprouting of damaged axons.
Recovery is process that plays out over time and is influenced by many things.
Recovery is projected to be strongest in Malaysia and Thailand, and modest in Indonesia.
Recovery is prolonged and painful, so mothers are less able to care for their infants.
Recovery is prolonged.
Recovery is prompt, and the action can be repeated endlessly without harm to the plant.
Recovery is protracted and characterized by fatigue on slight exertion.
Recovery is quick and easy with use of the deflation pump.
Recovery is quick and easy with use of the optional deflation pump.
Recovery is quick in many patients.
Recovery is quick, though, because the well is fed year-round by an underground stream.
Recovery is quick.
Recovery is quicker and less painful with less scarring.
Recovery is quicker and more effective the sooner the illness is brought to treatment.
Recovery is quicker and postoperative discomfort is reduced.
Recovery is quicker than with abdominal surgery.
Recovery is quicker.
Recovery is quite simple.
Recovery is rapid - patients are usually back to work the next day.
Recovery is rapid after a crash.
Recovery is rapid and complete in nearly all persons.
Recovery is rapid and most patients resume their normal activities the same day or the next day.
Recovery is rapid and smooth.
Recovery is rapid and uneventful.
Recovery is rapid following the removal of the tick.
Recovery is rapid if affected ewes are injected with calcium borogluconate.
Recovery is rapid when the medicine is stopped.
Recovery is rapid when the tick is removed.
Recovery is rapid with most patients returning to essentially normal activities the next day.
Recovery is rapid, with no disability and minimal discomfort.
Recovery is rapid.
Recovery is rare after it has lasted one year.
Recovery is rare in advanced cases.
Recovery is rare or impossible.
Recovery is rare.
Recovery is related to the severity of swelling in the brain.
Recovery is remote if treatment is started after six months.
Recovery is required because by definition volatile cache contents are lost when the system crashes.
Recovery is rest or a break from a risk factor.
Recovery is said to be spontaneous.
Recovery is several days to a week - complications are very unusual.
Recovery is similar.
Recovery is simple enough though.
Recovery is simple.
Recovery is slow and difficult, but it is possible.
Recovery is slow and often involves an unpleasant hangover.
Recovery is slow and uncertain for many clients.
Recovery is slow and varies with species and dosage.
Recovery is slow and, in some patients, is only partial after pyridoxine ingestion is stopped.
Recovery is slow but satisfactory with a very supportive spouse.
Recovery is slow, but usually complete.
Recovery is slow, severe frostbite can lead to gangrene.
Recovery is slower.
Recovery is so slow that it is imperceptable from day to day.
Recovery is some what longer than first trimester abortions due to the prolonged pregnancy.
Recovery is sought from other companies in the asbestos industry.
Recovery is still far from complete.
Recovery is still poor in Asia.
Recovery is still uneven across and within countries.
Recovery is such a blessing.
Recovery is tailored to the individual's own potential.
Recovery is the condition where it increases again.
Recovery is the cornerstone and ultimate purpose of the endangered species program.
Recovery is the final phase of the emergency management cycle.
Recovery is the final step in the process that contributes to outage time.
Recovery is the goal.
Recovery is the hardest phase of a disaster and requires personal and community motivation.
Recovery is the key to growth in any body part, particularly as a person progresses.
Recovery is the last defense.
Recovery is the models ability to replenish hot water as it is draw from the tank.
Recovery is the process of applying redo logs to the database to roll it forward.
Recovery is the process of obtaining materials or energy resources from solid waste.
Recovery is the process of recovering intelligence.
Recovery is the process of retrieving or freeing immobile, inoperative, or abandoned materiel.
Recovery is the process of returning to normal.
Recovery is the reason for the creation of the universe.
Recovery is the rebuilding of full operating capability.
Recovery is the recovery of life and of freedom.
Recovery is the restoration of health by means of the operation of forces intrinsic to the organism.
Recovery is the step that goes beyond the uncovering and discovering.
Recovery is the time after the screw-up.
Recovery is then the disappearance through time of such a statistical difference.
Recovery is thought to occur for a variety of reasons.
Recovery is thus crucial during the exploration and exploitation phases of intrusion.
Recovery is tied to circuit speed, and is therefore in the microsecond range.
Recovery is totally individual, there is no absolute time frame.
Recovery is two.
Recovery is typically complete in one to two days, but can take longer.
Recovery is uncertain.
Recovery is under way there too and corporates are being restructured.
Recovery is under way.
Recovery is uneventful.
Recovery is unpredictable.
Recovery is used when a more serious error has occurred, like a deleted file or aborted association.
Recovery is used when a user wants to revert to a previous version of a document.
Recovery is usually a bit more stressful than deployment.
Recovery is usually a slow, painful and expensive process.
Recovery is usually around one to two days.
Recovery is usually complete and prompt.
Recovery is usually complete and undamaging.
Recovery is usually complete in six to eight weeks.
Recovery is usually complete within the season.
Recovery is usually complete, with no long-term complications.
Recovery is usually complete.
Recovery is usually fairly easy in childhood with treatment.
Recovery is usually fairly quick and the spots normally heal with no damage.
Recovery is usually fast and without incident.
Recovery is usually faster from a vaginal hysterectomy than from an abdominal procedure.
Recovery is usually faster, and return to work sooner with arthroscopic repairs.
Recovery is usually gradual, following a period of weakness .
Recovery is usually longer.
Recovery is usually much easier with breast liposuction.
Recovery is usually only a night in the hospital and several days recuperation at home.
Recovery is usually quick.
Recovery is usually quite rapid.
Recovery is usually rapid after discontinuation of cimetidine.
Recovery is usually rapid if exposure is stopped and fresh air is breathed.
Recovery is usually rapid.
Recovery is usually short.
Recovery is usually spontaneous and hearing usually returns to normal.
Recovery is usually straightforward with mild to moderate cramping for a few hours or so afterwards.
Recovery is usually uneventful.
Recovery is usually very quick and quite comfortable.
Recovery is usually very rapid once the tick has been removed.
Recovery is valid in what ever form it takes.
Recovery is very expensive and sophisticated, but also likely.
Recovery is very important.
Recovery is very likely because chlorophyll is relatively nontoxic.
Recovery is very likely, since the ingredients are generally considered nontoxic.
Recovery is very likely.
Recovery is very patient dependent and is related to the degree of the symptoms.
Recovery is very quick with the release of up-elevator and a slight application of power.
Recovery is very quick, with full creatine stores regenerated within five minutes.
Recovery is very rapid if the exposed individual is treated quickly.
Recovery is very slow and survival over the winter unlikely.
Recovery is very unpredictable.
Recovery is what happens in our meetings.
Recovery is what the body does to repair the damage from a tough workout.
Recovery is worth fighting for.
Recovery is worth the effort in every aspect.
Recovery is, for the first time, a real possibility for many individuals with schizophrenia.
Recovery is, however, still fragile.
Recovery lasts several months and can include residual disability.
Recovery Make no mistake about it, brain injury is forever.
Recovery makes a life .
Recovery makes available the previous search session at the next login.
Recovery means active involvement in a program of personal growth - a whole new lifestyle.
Recovery means full acceptance of one's humanity - the good as well as the bad.
Recovery means getting back to work.
Recovery means gone.
Recovery means jobs.
Recovery means learning to take back our own power from the disorder.
Recovery means more than achieving the hollow purity of personal autonomy.
Recovery means much more than replacing dieting, binge eating, and purging with healthy eating.
Recovery means reconnecting to a power within and outside of oneself.
Recovery means recovering the ability to feel.
Recovery means to gain or find or obtain something again.
Recovery means trusting the world enough to try again.
Recovery never is.
Recovery normally lasts from several weeks to several months.
Recovery normally occurs.
Recovery normally takes six weeks to four months.
Recovery occurs after a few seconds.
Recovery occurs by dislocation climb, thus subgrains form within original grains.
Recovery occurs differently for everyone.
Recovery occurs during a second, more prolonged course of erythromycin.
Recovery occurs for the majority of patients.
Recovery occurs gradually over a period of days to weeks.
Recovery occurs in seconds rather than minutes or hours.
Recovery occurs in stages.
Recovery occurs in the order of seconds.
Recovery occurs in the service shop.
Recovery occurs over a period of days.
Recovery occurs over hours with complete resolution of symptoms within days.
Recovery occurs there.
Recovery occurs when further exposure is avoided.
Recovery occurs when one person is willing to reach out to another.
Recovery occurs when there has been no permanent damage to the myelin sheath during the attack.
Recovery occurs within three days, with or without medical treatment.
Recovery offers programs and individual consultations to help overcome anorexia.
Recovery offers the prospect that illness and disability can be overcome.
Recovery provides a lot of support at a very concrete level.
Recovery provides immunization from the virus.
Recovery quickly follows after an affected person is immersed in fresh air.
Recovery refers to the percent of feed water that becomes permeate.
Recovery remains elusive.
Recovery requires a combination of accountability, counseling, and spiritual reflection.
Recovery requires a community.
Recovery requires a great deal of physical, emotional and spiritual strength.
Recovery requires a hard reset and hot-sync.
Recovery requires a huge amount of international cooperation and a sense of confidence.
Recovery requires a lot of rest.
Recovery requires a stay at a drug rehabilitation facility and long term counseling.
Recovery requires a very active approach.
Recovery requires bringing the system offline for several hours.
Recovery requires dealing with the factors that led to the abortion.
Recovery requires diligence and investigation.
Recovery requires energy.
Recovery requires extensive love.
Recovery requires external intervention.
Recovery requires intensive care and isolation of all suspected cases.
Recovery requires laborious transplanting of heather seedlings by revegetation staff and volunteers.
Recovery requires lifelong changes.
Recovery requires no more than ten seconds.
Recovery requires rebuilding and reshaping from the inside out.
Recovery requires sprouting of new terminals.
Recovery requires that an individual have a thought out plan of action.
Recovery results from consistent determination and hard work.
Recovery Returns to an operational status after a failure.
Recovery runs The key to training is recovery.
Recovery says that there is wisdom in the past.
Recovery seems possible.
Recovery seems to be progressing both more rapidly and more easily than after the first surgery.
Recovery seems to be related to timing of surgery from onset of neurological symptoms.
Recovery seems to require reloading the driver.
Recovery shows people how to regain control over their lives.
Recovery shows people how to structure their thoughts.
Recovery simply entails copy and paste from a text file.
Recovery starts from recognition of the diagnosis.
Recovery starts with uncovering.
Recovery suggests doing public service.
Recovery takes a bit longer as the restructuring and restoration of confidence stretches out.
Recovery takes a few hours to days as opposed to weeks.
Recovery takes a long time and children tend to hang on to anxiety more so than adults.
Recovery takes a lot of time and hard work, but in the end it is all worth it.
Recovery takes a month or more.
REcovery takes a while, and animals tend to vacillate with their symptoms.
Recovery takes about eight weeks.
Recovery takes about ten days.
Recovery takes approximately three days.
Recovery takes approximately two weeks in cattle.
Recovery takes at least as long to accomplish as did the damage to occur.
Recovery takes at least six-eight weeks.
Recovery takes commitment, time and hard work.
Recovery takes days to occur.
Recovery takes five weeks or more.
Recovery takes from five to fourteen days.
Recovery takes hard work, commitment, help, and honesty.
Recovery takes just a few days.
Recovery takes less time.
Recovery takes longer than with an implant.
Recovery takes longer.
Recovery takes only a few days.
Recovery takes patience, hard work, motivation, acceptance, and re-learning.
Recovery takes place after an emergency or disaster.
Recovery takes place as a rule.
Recovery takes place in community.
Recovery takes place only after the death of both the recipient and the surviving spouse, if any.
Recovery takes place slowly.
Recovery takes quite awhile.
Recovery takes several hours.
Recovery takes several minutes.
Recovery takes several months.
Recovery takes several weeks or months, occasionally up to one year.
Recovery takes three to four weeks.
Recovery takes three weeks.
Recovery takes time and the timetable is different for each person.
Recovery takes time, and the timetable is different for each person.
Recovery takes time, rest, and good nutrition.
Recovery takes time, usually months and sometimes years.
Recovery takes time.
Recovery takes up to an hour or even more.
Recovery takes weeks or months.
Recovery tends to be gradual, and relapses are common.
Recovery though is usually rapid.
Recovery trends over three years following pediatric traumatic brain injury .
Recovery typically occurs gradually over weeks to months.
Recovery typically takes days to weeks.
Recovery upsets the homeostasis, the delicate balance of nature.
Recovery Use the same criteria used for the recording unit for the selection of the recovery unit.
Recovery uses the log to bring the replicas back into agreement.
Recovery using distributed state avoids the expense of maintaining replicas.
Recovery varies but is always aided by speech therapy.
Recovery varies from person to person.
Recovery varies with each person.
Recovery varies with regards to how quickly certain types of foods are eaten.
Recovery varies with the overall fitness of the patient and is difficult to predict precisely.
Recovery Visit our website .
Recovery works, regardless of the substance or addiction.
Recovery always takes place in a hostile environment.
Recovery often includes mitigation measures against repeat of the disaster.
Recovery often involves complicated surgeries and months of recovery.
Recovery often requires a week in the hospital plus several weeks of home recuperation.
Recovery often takes several weeks.
Recovery usually comes after a few days or weeks.
Recovery usually continues over a two-year period.
Recovery usually depends on the type of legume.
Recovery usually is rapid, complete, and without vision impairment in most cases.
Recovery usually lasts about a week, just in time for the next marathon.
Recovery usually occurs following withdrawal of the medication and appropriate therapy.
Recovery usually occurs gradually, with patients acquiring more and more ability to respond.
Recovery usually occurs in a few days unless complicated by other factors.
Recovery usually occurs in one to two months.
Recovery usually occurs slowly from the upper frequencies.
Recovery usually occurs within a few days provided the causative substance is removed.
Recovery usually occurs within one week.
Recovery usually occurs.
Recovery usually requires immobilization of the foot and use of crutches for about two weeks.
Recovery usually requires one or two days of time away from work.
Recovery usually requires only a night in the hospital, and several days recuperation at home.
Recovery usually takes a few months to a few years depending on disease severity.
Recovery usually takes about a week.
Recovery usually takes about one week.
Recovery usually takes about six weeks.
Recovery usually takes between three and sixteen weeks.
Recovery usually takes one to two weeks, with restricted activity for up to two months.
Recovery usually takes only a day or two.
Recovery usually takes place rapidly.
Recovery usually takes two to three weeks, though many patients go back to work in two weeks.
Every recovery holds the potential for relapse.
Every recovery is different.
Most recovery is seen in the first few months.
Most recovery occurs during the first few months following a stroke.
Some recovery is anticipated starting mid-year.
Recrational amenities are available every season of the year.
Recreated habitats serve as informal classrooms for environmental education.
Recreation area features fishing pier, picnic tables, pavilions and walking areas.
Recreation area includes a swimming pool with sundeck.
Recreation area includes pools, tennis and health club.
Recreation area includes two acres of playground with a modern play structure.
Recreation Area is a park centered on Lake Tai.
Recreation areas are available for public use.
Recreation areas are still under construction.
Recreation areas encourage patient interaction and socialization.
Recreation areas offer camping, fishing, and swimming opportunities.
Recreation areas range from highly developed to the isolated solitude of the wilderness.
Recreation areas surrounding each lake provide opportunities for camping and picnicking.
All recreation areas have either a nature trail or short hiking trail.
Many recreation areas are accessible on and near the reservation.
Many recreation areas contain significant scenic or scientific resources.
Some recreation areas offer pavilions.
Some recreation areas require fees.
Recreation buildings are available year-round.
Recreation centers are closed on major city-observed holidays.
Recreation centers are public properties.
Every recreation center has up to date computers and software.
Many recreation centers have too many summer activities to list.
Most Recreation centers offer camps and special summer programs.
Recreation hall is available upon request Kitchen facility and catering available upon request.
Recreation leagues offer a variety of sports teams for youth to join.
A recreation room is a room
Recreation room includes a wet bar and wine closet.
Recreation therapy is an excellent, kinetic form of healing.
Recreation therapy is important in the care process.
Recreation therapy is offered to a special population of older and frail elderly.
Recreation therapy prepares students to work with the disabled.
Recreation abounds in Jefferson County and the region.
Recreation abounds in our area of Oregon with numerous camping, fishing, and hunting opportunities.
Recreation abounds in the Panther Mountain region.
Recreation abounds on mountain trails and in scenic valleys.
Recreation also adds to the economy.
Recreation also makes a significant contribution to the nation s economy.
Recreation also offers an opportunity for people to interact.
Recreation also plays a central role in the community.
Recreation are multi faceted with Traditional culture and Art.
Recreation attempts to make all activities available to everyone.
Recreation becomes more important for the person's physical and emotional well-being.
Recreation brings meaning, purpose and pleasure ot people s lives.
Recreation brings with it good health and happiness.
Recreation Can Be Risky.
Recreation can be wholesome, but goofing off is often tiring, disappointing, and frustrating.
Recreation can become developmental rather than just diversionary.
Recreation can include both creative hobbies as well as physical exercise.
Recreation Centers Teach a child to cook, sew or create a project.
Recreation changes existence into life.
Recreation Check out our fun sites.
Recreation comes in an assortment of opportunities.
Recreation consists in some sports and a lot of walking to and from school.
Recreation consists of storytelling, wrestling, and a game similar to baseball.
Recreation continues even during project operation.
Recreation continues to be impacted.
Recreation continues to struggle with the proposed roadless initiative.
Recreation creates loyal friendship, rare in business and quite useful.
Recreation Describe pleasurable activities such as sports, hobbies and entertainment.
Recreation fields outdoors.
Recreation Find out about other exciting things to do around town.
Recreation focuses on the river, which is readily accessible in Cotton Wood Cove Park.
Recreation Follow local advice on areas to avoid.
Recreation Follow the path to unlimited family fun.
Recreation Get ideas for indoor, outdoor, and family activities.
Recreation Get the lowdown on the best parks and bike paths here.
Recreation Go to a movie on campus, it's less expensive.
Recreation Go to a movie on campus.
Recreation guards the mind against mental and emotional fatigue.
Recreation has different meanings and values from person to person and community to community.
Recreation has important individual and societal benefits.
Recreation Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Recreation helps restore our bodies, minds and souls.
Recreation helps to develop community spirit and pride.
Recreation helps to provide for a full and meaningful life.
Recreation here is endless.
Recreation includes a library, clubs, gym, weight room, aerobics room, band room, and bowling alley.
Recreation includes a putting green, small pool, jogging.
Recreation includes an outdoor pool and rodeo grounds.
Recreation includes beach passes.
Recreation includes bicycle rentals, children's and social programs.
Recreation includes bicycle rentals.
Recreation includes bicycle runs twice a week, fishing.
Recreation includes bicycles rentals and swimming.
Recreation includes bicycles, arcade, and game house.
Recreation includes bicycles, swimming pool.
Recreation includes bicycles.
Recreation includes boating, bicycles, complimentary beach and tennis passes.
Recreation includes boating, canoeing, fishing, paddleboats, horseshoes, video rentals.
Recreation includes boating, fishing, hiking.
Recreation includes boating, fishing, water skiing, and hunting in the freshwaters of the state.
Recreation includes boating, fishing, water skiing.
Recreation includes boating, fishing.
Recreation includes boating, indoor and outdoor fishing, horseshoes, volleyball.
Recreation includes boating, swimming and fishing.
Recreation includes camping, hiking, river running, and alpine skiing.
Recreation includes camping, picnicking, hiking, hunting, nature studying, and sightseeing.
Recreation includes canoe and bicycle rentals.
Recreation includes canoeing, fishing, horseback riding available.
Recreation includes canoeing, fishing, paddleboats, hiking trails.
Recreation includes canoeing, fishing, swimming.
Recreation includes canoeing, fishing.
Recreation includes charter fishing, fishing, scuba diving, snorkeling, jet ski, wave runners.
Recreation includes charter fishing, sailboating, bicycles, tour boat, watersports.
Recreation includes charter fishing, sailboating, windsurfing, boat and paddleboat rentals.
Recreation includes charter fishing.
Recreation includes childrens program, bicycles available.
Recreation includes childrens program, fishing, rafting, hiking trails, horseback riding.
Recreation includes children's program, nature trails, fishing, hiking trails, boat rentals.
Recreation includes cross country skiing, hiking trails.
Recreation includes fall and winter outdoor activities.
Recreation includes fishing and boating.
Recreation includes fishing and hiking trails within five miles.
Recreation includes fishing and hiking trails.
Recreation includes fishing and nearby hiking trails.
Recreation includes fishing in designated areas.
Recreation includes fishing pier.
Recreation includes fishing, barbecue grills.
Recreation includes fishing, bicycles.
Recreation includes fishing, bicycling.
Recreation includes fishing, boat rentals.
Recreation includes fishing, boating, canoeing, bicycles, paddleboat rentals.
Recreation includes fishing, boating, canoeing, charter fishing, fishing guides.
Recreation includes fishing, boating, jetskiing with pontoon boats available.
Recreation includes fishing, boating, swimming.
Recreation includes fishing, boating.
Recreation includes fishing, camping, picnicking and swimming.
Recreation includes fishing, canoeing, bicycle rentals.
Recreation includes fishing, canoeing, boat and paddleboat rentals.
Recreation includes fishing, canoeing, pedal boats.
Recreation includes fishing, canoeing.
Recreation includes fishing, charter fishing, boat rentals, canoeing.
Recreation includes fishing, children's program available.
Recreation includes fishing, fishing row boats, pedal boats seasonal.
Recreation includes fishing, guided fishing trips.
Recreation includes fishing, jogging, basketball court, waterskiing, jet ski, paddleboat rentals.
Recreation includes fishing, pedalboats.
Recreation includes fishing, river wading.
Recreation includes fishing, rod and reel rentals available.
Recreation includes fishing, rowboats, hiking, horseback riding.
Recreation includes fishing, scuba diving, fish cleaning table, scuba equipment available.
Recreation includes fishing, scuba diving, water skiing, snorkeling, wind surfing, kayaking.
Recreation includes fishing, sewing, hiking, and numerous family interests.
Recreation includes fishing, swimming and boating.
Recreation includes fishing, swimming, boating.
Recreation includes fishing, swimming, water skiing.
Recreation includes fishing, swimming.
Recreation includes fishing, water skiing, swimming.
Recreation includes fishing, water skiing.
Recreation includes fishing, waterskiing.
Recreation includes fishing.
Recreation includes game room and pool table, pool, one block to beach.
Recreation includes hiking and backpacking, canoeing, camping, hunting fishing.
Recreation includes hiking in summer and skiing in winter.
Recreation includes hiking in the summer and skiing in the winter.
Recreation includes hiking trails and fishing.
Recreation includes hiking trails, game room, volleyball.
Recreation includes hiking, biking, and overnight camping facilities.
Recreation includes hiking, fishing, boating, camping, and picnicking.
Recreation includes hiking, horseback riding, marinas, hunting nearby.
Recreation includes hiking, picnicking, camping and ranger programs.
Recreation includes horseback riding, fishing.
Recreation includes horses, fishing, canoeing.
Recreation includes hunting, fishing, boating.
Recreation includes hunting, fishing, water sports, camping.
Recreation includes in-room video games.
Recreation includes Interpretive, hiking, and equestrian trails.
Recreation includes lawn games.
Recreation includes lighted tennis court and sports court.
Recreation includes nature trails, boating, canoeing, fishing, paddleboats, bicycle rentals.
Recreation includes nature trails, fishing, golf privileges available.
Recreation includes nature trails, fishing.
Recreation includes nature trails, surf fishing, childrens program, bicycles available.
Recreation includes nearby fishing and hiking trails.
Recreation includes nearby fishing.
Recreation includes nearby swimming and fishing.
Recreation includes nearby swimming, fishing and hiking trails.
Recreation includes paddleboat, bicycle rentals.
Recreation includes picnic tables and shuffleboard.
Recreation includes pool, sports court.
Recreation includes rafting and fishing.
Recreation includes rock climbing, low and high rope challenge courses and kayaking.
Recreation includes sailboating, boat and bicycle rentals, jogging.
Recreation includes sailboating, float boats, water sprites, bicycle rentals.
Recreation includes sailboats, surf fishing, tour boats, bicycles.
Recreation includes sandy beach with water trampoline, plenty of dock space.
Recreation includes shaded picnic area.
Recreation includes skating, bicycling, boating, horseback riding, fishing, and tennis.
Recreation includes skiing.
Recreation includes small game room.
Recreation includes stocked fishing pond.
Recreation includes summer children's program, swimming, bicycles available.
Recreation includes summer social program.
Recreation includes swimming and fishing.
Recreation includes swimming and hiking trails, and nearby fishing.
Recreation includes swimming and nearby fishing and hiking trails.
Recreation includes swimming and nearby fishing.
Recreation includes swimming, and nearby fishing and hiking trails.
Recreation includes swimming, basketball, parasailing, waverunners, bicycles.
Recreation includes swimming, boating, canoeing, fishing, hiking trails.
Recreation includes swimming, boating, fishing, water skiing.
Recreation includes swimming, boating, fishing.
Recreation includes swimming, canoeing, fishing, hiking trails.
Recreation includes swimming, charter fishing, wave runners, bicycle rentals, and massage available.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing and hiking trails.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing and nearby hiking trails.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing and trails.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, and boating.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, and hiking trails.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, boating, canoeing.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, boating.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, canoeing, canoe trips.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, canoeing.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, jet ski available.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, nature program.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, surf fishing, bicycles.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, surfing.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing, water skiing.
Recreation includes swimming, fishing.
Recreation includes swimming, hiking trails, bicycles available.
Recreation includes swimming, nearby fishing and hiking trails.
Recreation includes swimming, running, scuba diving, snorkeling and a fitness spa.
Recreation includes swimming, sailboats, bicycle rentals.
Recreation includes swimming, surf fishing.
Recreation includes swimming, water skiing, nature trails, fishing.
Recreation includes swimming.
Recreation includes the beach and the mountains.
Recreation includes volleyball, bicycles.
Recreation includes volleyball, horseshoes, badminton, croquet, swing set and basketball.
Recreation includes volleyball.
Recreation includes water slide, boating, fishing, and waterskiing.
Recreation includes White Water Rafting and all other non competitive activities.
Recreation includes winter recreation program, bingo.
Recreation includes year round fishing, golf nearby.
Recreation is a feature point of the area.
Recreation is a fundamental expression of our national character.
Recreation is a good word.
Recreation is a major use of the Snake River in Wyoming as the local economy has a tourism base.
Recreation is a new market focus and is looked to as a growth opportunity for the company.
Recreation is a primary resource in the River Valley Area.
Recreation is a priority here.
Recreation is a priority in Washington.
Recreation is a refreshment of the body and mind.
Recreation is a strong tool for evangelism.
Recreation is a very big issue in the entire ward.
Recreation is a very important part of life for all people.
Recreation is a very necessary part in any life, and no less so here.
Recreation is a way of life in our community.
Recreation is a way of life.
Recreation is about restoring strengths and spirits.
Recreation is abundant in Lake County.
Recreation is abundant in the Flathead Valley.
Recreation is all about fulfilment.
Recreation is all over.
Recreation is also a favorite pasttime in the bay area.
Recreation is also a growing industry.
Recreation is also a large part of the unique lifestyle that Las Vegas enjoys.
Recreation is also a time for pursuing personal interests.
Recreation is also centered on outdoor activities as well.
Recreation is also responsible for many other on and off campus events.
Recreation is an activity
Recreation is an essential part of family life.
Recreation is an exploding time of non-competitive games.
Recreation is an important land use, both along the shoreline and inland.
Recreation is an important part of life.
Recreation is an important part of our daily lives.
Recreation is an important part of the ministry of the church.
Recreation is an important tool in promoting and maintaining good physical and emotional well being.
Recreation is an integral part of life in Jackson County.
Recreation is an integral part of the Lake Wylie lifestyle.
Recreation is an integral part of the total treatment program.
Recreation is an integrel part of the development of the total person.
Recreation is an interesting word.
Recreation is another controversial issue for the citizens of both cities.
Recreation is another thing that's changed.
Recreation is as varied as there are types.
Recreation is beyond fun and games.
Recreation is big business in Oregon.
Recreation is big business world-wide.
Recreation is big business worldwide.
Recreation is considered a related service.
Recreation is considered quite important and many people engage in some form of wilderness activity.
Recreation is defined as an opportunity to re-create, or regenerate, the spirit.
Recreation is described as whale watching, off road driving and windsurfing.
Recreation is easy to find in Bessemer City.
Recreation is emphasized.
Recreation is encouraged where it is compatible with the wildlife and the land.
Recreation is essential for good physical and mental health.
Recreation is essential to a balanced, happy life.
Recreation is forbidden and uninvited guests are escorted out.
Recreation is forever afterward.
Recreation is fun.
Recreation is highlighted by freshwater fishing facilities, parks and numerous campgrounds.
Recreation is illogical.
Recreation is important also.
Recreation is important around areas where there are lakes and rivers.
Recreation is important to the economy of rural communities.
Recreation is in no short supply in Evans County, Georgia.
Recreation is just a by-product.
Recreation is just one benefit of a well-managed forest.
Recreation is just one more addition to that tradition.
Recreation is like our work because it has become competitive.
Recreation is limited to day hiking only.
Recreation is located in parks.
Recreation is many things to many people.
Recreation is minor with mainly dispersed recreation and one developed campground.
Recreation is nearby.
Recreation is necessary for a well-balanced life.
Recreation is never far away.
Recreation is no different.
Recreation is now a major part of the lives of most people.
Recreation is now a major part of the region s economy.
Recreation is now a primary use for many new ponds.
Recreation is now a serious business and requires management.
Recreation is one way to help.
Recreation is only a partial answer.
Recreation is plentiful here.
Recreation is plentiful in Scotland.
Recreation is plentiful in the area.
Recreation is plentiful.
Recreation is prevention.
Recreation is provided for all inmates as per a scheduled posted in each housing area.
Recreation is related to former life style.
Recreation is serious business in the Pacific Northwest.
Recreation is such an interesting word.
Recreation is supposed to be fun.
Recreation is the doing of that thing which is farthest removed from one's daily toil.
Recreation is the effective and often creative use of leisure time.
Recreation is the fastest way to clear everyone's mind so it can be open to new ideas.
Recreation is the first and foremost thought of reason for coming to our area.
Recreation is the mainstay of many small town businesses.
Recreation is the name of the game in Madison.
Recreation is the primary economic emphasis, trailed by government employment.
Recreation is the primary use on designated areas within the forest.
Recreation is the primary use.
Recreation is the second-largest industry in the United States.
Recreation is the way to go.
Recreation is truly an activity in the eye of the beholder.
Recreation is unlimited in our town.
Recreation is very important.
Recreation is, however, the benefit most familiar to children and young adults.
Recreation is, literally, re-creation of the spirit.
Recreation isa activity.
Recreation keeps one healthy overall in the long run, in turn reducing health care cost.
Recreation knows no bounds.
Recreation Learn about all the wonderful recreation in our area.
Recreation leases in the northern forest.
Recreation leave counts as service for all purposes.
Recreation Leave Getting away from it all.
Recreation Locations that people come far and wide to enjoy.
Recreation looks into available sports both indoors and outdoors and traveling within the country.
Recreation makes a significant contribution to the area's economy.
Recreation needs for people with disabilities.
Recreation needs of the community.
Recreation needs to be regulated in all cases.
Recreation occupies the minds of tourists and area business owners.
Recreation offers a variety of different activities for students to do or partake in.
Recreation offers a viable alternative.
Recreation offers leisure for knitting and crocheting.
Recreation pays big for cities Officials seek ways to shift tax burden from homeowners.
Recreation Philly can boast of pro teams in every major sport.
Recreation plays a big role in our community.
Recreation plays a major role in planning the town's direction.
Recreation plays an important part in our community.
Recreation poses an unknown degree of threat to Texas wild-rice.
Recreation promotes ethnic and cultural harmony.
Recreation promotes mastery of important life management skills.
Recreation provides opportunities for play and amusement that refresh the mind and body.
Recreation Provides therapeutic and leisure recreational activities.
Recreation puts the spice into college life.
Recreation reduces crime and social dysfunction reducing police, justice, and incarceration costs.
Recreation reserves the right to change dates and times with little or no advance notice.
Recreation See Another dept.
Recreation See local Seattle events on Sidewalk .
Recreation serves a major roll.
Recreation serves as an opportunity to meet new people and develop a lifestyle of fun and fitness.
Recreation supports families reducing costs of social service intervention and foster care.
Recreation Take a dip in the pool or just enjoy the soothing warmth of the jacuzzi.
Recreation takes many forms.
Recreation use aside, the mere existence of unimproved roads and trails is beneficial.
Recreation Welcome to the City of Irving Recreation page.
Recreation winds up low on the list of priorities.
Recreations are offensive.
Recreation often starts with the family.
All recreation is centered around gambling.
Some recreation guides work in cities.
Some recreation leads to fire.
Recreational actives are abundant.
Recreational activities abound and the cost of living is moderate.
Recreational activities abound from golfing, fishing, hunting and boating.
Recreational activities abound from the beach to the redwoods.
Recreational activities abound in both the winter and summer season.
Recreational activities abound in Cambridge.
Recreational activities abound in the area.
Recreational activities abound in the local area.
Recreational activities abound on the many hiking, biking and cross-country ski trails.
Recreational activities abound with miniature golf, camping and scenic boat tours of the Sound.
Recreational activities abound with water sports on Bull Shoals Lake.
Recreational activities abound, see our web site for more information.
Recreational activities abound, since beaches, lakes, deserts, and mountains are readily accessible.
Recreational activities abound.
Recreational activities are a part of each day's activities.
Recreational activities are a prime source of contact with oceans.
Recreational activities are abundant.
Recreational activities are actions.
Recreational activities are among the best.
Recreational activities are an important part of recovery.
Recreational activities are an invigorating way of providing therapy for children.
Recreational activities are available for mentally and physically disabled youth and adults.
Recreational activities are available year round.
Recreational activities are available year-round.
Recreational activities are boundless.
Recreational activities are endless.
Recreational activities are few.
Recreational activities are ideal during all four seasons of the year.
Recreational activities are nearby, too.
Recreational activities are necessary for happy, healthy children.
Recreational activities are numerous with hiking, hunting and fishing being high on the list.
Recreational activities are numerous.
Recreational activities are often allowable .
Recreational activities are often in conflict with traditional uses such as grazing and mining.
Recreational activities are ongoing all year round.
Recreational activities are plentiful, from helicopter skiing to flyfishing.
Recreational activities are plentiful.
Recreational activities are the basis of a large tourism industry in many states.
Recreational activities are varied and include live entertainment.
Recreational activities begin immediately after programs and run into the evening.
Recreational activities can be a key component of the rehabilitation process.
Recreational activities can strengthen social connections and a sense of community.
Recreational activities consist of activities that help or promote the fight against drunk driving.
Recreational activities consist of dove and quail hunting, hiking, and rock collecting.
Recreational activities contribute to the cumulative effects of excessive noise exposure.
Recreational activities count too.
Recreational activities emphasize the development of social and community behaviors.
Recreational activities flourish in Dryden.
Recreational activities focus on hunting and water sports.
Recreational activities includes performing acrobatic stunts of any type.
Recreational activities including boating, swimming and sunbathing are popular at the park.
Recreational activities involve contact.
Recreational activities involve direct contact.
Recreational activities is the transition and key to an overall better community.
Recreational activities pose limited threats to specific populations.
Recreational activities promote teamwork, encourage creativity and build self-esteem.
Recreational activities provide youth with a positive choice for use of their leisure time.
Recreational activities round out the schedule.
Recreational activities sci.
Recreational activities span a wide spectrum.
Recreational activities stress fun, skill development, and avoid competitive pressure.
Recreational activities stretch beyond the teak forests.
Recreational activities take place on and off grounds.
Recreational activities take place on the land surface, on water, and on ice and snow.
Recreational activities vary from sport fishing to big-game hunting.
Recreational activity abounds.
Recreational activity contributes to the health and well being of individuals and communities.
Recreational activity decreases.
Recreational activity is available year round.
Recreational activity is more than just arts and crafts.
Recreational activity is viewed as physically, socially, and emotionally healthy and desirable.
All recreational activities are optional.
All recreational activities offer easy accessibility at very affordable rates.
Many recreational activities are available for seniors with varying levels of activity and interest.
Many recreational activities are available here in Lawrence County.
Many recreational activities are available in addition to religious instruction and daily chapel.
Many recreational activities are available just outside the Keys.
Many recreational activities are close at hand such as hiking.
Many recreational activities are more hazardous when guests are drinking.
Many recreational activities have little to no adverse environmental impact.
Many recreational activities take place in and around wetlands.
More recreational activities are available.
Most recreational activities are outdoor oriented due to the abundance of lakes and parks.
Most recreational activities found in the northeastern United States are available.
Most recreational activities involve contact.
Most recreational activities involve direct contact.
Some recreational activities cause disturbances.
Some recreational activities cause further disturbances.
Some recreational activities involve water.
Recreational advantages are plentiful with all kinds of sports offered to both girls and boys.
Recreational amenities are still a focal point of the community.
Recreational anglers catch everything from lobsters to big-game fishes.
Recreational areas abound in Warsaw and Kosciusko County.
Recreational areas account for about one third of Lithuania s area.
Recreational areas are abundant and nearby.
Recreational areas are available for a day's outing or for overnight camping.
Recreational areas are generally parklands and open areas.
Recreational areas are in the design process, with construction to begin in the near future.
Recreational areas are on the northwestern and southeastern sides of the lake.
All recreational areas contain hookups, picnic areas and camp sites.
Some recreational areas offer eagle viewing tours.
Recreational astronomers range from the most casual observers to the most advanced observers.
Recreational attractions are plentiful.
Recreational aviation is something to share and be enjoyed by everyone on all levels.
Recreational basketball is held at various times of the week during fall, winter and spring term.
Recreational boaters can make use of both the tide and weather data.
Recreational boaters travel the canals by the hundreds of thousands each summer.
Recreational boaters use it.
Many recreational boaters trailer their vessels in from the South Bay and inland valleys.
More recreational boaters call Tampa Bay home than any other port in Florida.
Recreational campfires are still permissible under restricted conditions.
Recreational canoes are normally short to mid-range in length, fairly deep and wide.
Recreational casting causes no pain or injury.
Recreational catches are insignificant.
Recreational catches are significant, especially in the southern parts of the range.
Recreational cave exploring, or spelunking, can threaten the survival of bat colonies.
Recreational centers can be a great way to bring a community together.
Recreational clubs concentrate on recreation and skill development.
Recreational companionship is a key factor in drawing spouses together.
Recreational demands continue to increase.
Recreational development contributes to modification.
Recreational developments promise vacations accented by the sparkling waters of Bear Lake.
Recreational digging is like ripping pages from a history book.
Recreational diver finds abalone in a Cape marine protected area.
Recreational divers continue to be hired for work which they are unqualified to perform.
Recreational divers get the guide printed on a slate to take along during the dive.
Every recreational diver can be an ocean advocate.
Recreational diversions are numerous on the North Shore.
Recreational diving is encouraged in a national marine conservation area.
Recreational doses are highly variable and users often titer their own dose.
Recreational doses are highly variable.
A recreational drug is a narcotic
Recreational drugs are a major cause of erection problems.
Recreational drugs are also part of the widespread reckless behavior by young gay men.
Recreational drugs are narcotics.
Recreational drugs are the biggest deterrent to safe sex.
Recreational drugs are used by people for pleasure e.g heroin.
Recreational drugs can also affect the virus directly.
Recreational drugs can also weaken the immune system.
Recreational drugs contribute to the onset, but are unlikely to be the single cause.
All recreational drugs affect sleep.
Some recreational drugs cause dilated pupils as well.
Recreational equipment is available and includes guitars, pianos, televisions, pool tables and more.
Recreational equipment is available for check-out.
Recreational equipment is available for use at a minimal charge.
Recreational equipment is provided.
Some recreational equipment is available for check-out at the park office.
Recreational events are available at additional costs.
Recreational exercise is done for fun and general fitness.
Recreational exposures can include rafting, kayaking, and swimming.
A recreational facility is a facility
Recreational facilities abound for area residents.
Recreational facilities abound in the Toledo area.
Recreational facilities abound.
Recreational facilities are also available at the Port.
Recreational facilities are also available here such as a TV and a pool table.
Recreational facilities are also closed and sports activities have been largely suspended.
Recreational facilities are always exceptional.
Recreational facilities are available in many forms.
Recreational facilities are available on campus.
Recreational facilities are available on-site or within close proximity.
Recreational facilities are available to guests of the hotel.
Recreational facilities are available within a short drive of Pittsburgh.
Recreational facilities are available.
Recreational facilities are easily accessible.
Recreational facilities are eligible if they are open to the public and located in an eligible area.
Recreational facilities are excellent.
Recreational facilities are extensive.
Recreational facilities are facilities.
Recreational facilities are in abundance.
Recreational facilities are literally around the corner.
Recreational facilities are numerous.
Recreational facilities are open to students seven days a week during the academic year.
Recreational facilities are plentiful in the city and in the immediate area.
Recreational facilities consist of a fitness room, indoor swimming pool and a whirlpool.
Recreational facilities consist of a fitness room, indoor swimming pool and whirlpool.
Recreational facilities consist of a fitness room, outdoor swimming pool and whirlpool.
Recreational facilities consist of a fitness room, swimming pool and whirlpool.
Recreational facilities includes, an indoor ice area and a new fitness center.
Recreational facilities including golf, tennis and water sports are available year round.
Recreational facilities make the complex appealing to working families with children.
Recreational facilities provide healthful activities for children as well as adults.
Recreational facilities surround the lake.
Recreational facilities vary between the sites.
Any recreational facilities are great for the community at large.
Many recreational facilities are available here.
Most recreational facilities are available, in particular, water sports in the summer.
Recreational fishers are the second of the stakeholder groups with an interest in the eel fishery.
Recreational fishers buy commercially-sold live worms and other aquatic organisms.
Recreational fishers fish for pleasure or sport, while commercial fishers fish for profit.
Recreational fishers have the local knowledge and understanding of local conditions.
Recreational fishers use a variety of methods to capture eels.
Recreational fishermen say the nets harm their fisheries.
Many recreational fishermen point fingers at longline fishermen for dwindling billfish numbers.
Some recreational fishermen find surfaces.
Recreational fisheries are economically important in Europe and North America.
Recreational fisheries use hook and line.
Some recreational fisheries provide wealth.
Recreational fishing adds to that tally.
Recreational fishing becomes ever more regulated with each year.
Recreational fishing can come to the rescue.
Recreational fishing does little damage compared to commercial fisheries.
Recreational fishing has enormous social, cultural and economic importance.
Recreational fishing has to be catered for in any management regime.
Recreational fishing is a highly valued activity within North America.
Recreational fishing is a major attraction in both inland and coastal areas of the watershed.
Recreational fishing is a significant component of the overfishing problem.
Recreational fishing is a vital part of coastal Alabama's economy.
Recreational fishing is also an important part of Alaska's economy.
Recreational fishing is another favorite pastime.
Recreational fishing is enjoyed by many local residents.
Recreational fishing is enjoyed by millions of anglers worldwide.
Recreational fishing is enjoyed by people of all ages and from all walks of life.
Recreational fishing is insignificant and foreign catches are minor.
Recreational fishing is insignificant.
Recreational fishing is limited to a daily catch limit and a two day possession limit.
Recreational fishing is minimal.
Recreational fishing is one of the main tourist attractions in Florida.
Recreational fishing is one of the most popular pastimes for both locals and visitors.
Recreational fishing is primarily for arctic grayling, arctic char, sheefish, and lake trout.
Recreational fishing is significant.
Recreational fishing is slumping, industry officials say.
Recreational fishing makes a substantial contribution to the local, state and national economies.
Recreational gardening is just as worthy of support as any other activity involving children.
Some recreational goals are intrinsically incompatible.
Recreational golfers are notorious for drinking too little or grabbing a beer.
Many recreational golfers are more fluid on their practice swings than when it really counts.
Recreational hackers do little more than gain unauthorised access.
Recreational harvest is undocumented, but potentially significant.
Recreational harvests are significant in other species.
Recreational hours are subject to change due to the scheduling of ticketed events in the main arena.
Recreational hours vary each semester.
Recreational hours vary.
All recreational hours are subject to change due to athletic events.
Recreational kayaks make an ideal introduction to the sport of paddling.
Most recreational kayaks come with molded thigh braces.
Recreational landings are much harder to estimate, but they can be very high.
Recreational landings have very little impact on overall mortality compared to longline bycatch.
Some recreational leagues use parents or coaches to ump the games.
Recreational licenses are available to allow people to catch their own lobsters.
Recreational licenses restrict the licensee to no more than two pecks of shellfish for personal use.
Recreational links are at the left.
Recreational lovers spend their time water skiing, boating, jet skiing, swimming and fishing.
Recreational material includes personal e-mail and web browsing other than for research purposes.
Recreational material is collected for life-long enjoyment.
Most recreational mining involves alluvial deposits along stream beds.
Recreational noise is another form of acoustic violence.
Recreational noise is definitely a problem.
Recreational offerings continue.
Recreational opportunities abound .
Recreational opportunities abound all year.
Recreational opportunities abound and a public golf is nearby.
Recreational opportunities abound and cultural opportunities are plentiful and varied.
Recreational opportunities abound and natures own scenic attractions are plentiful.
Recreational opportunities abound and nature's own scenic attractions are plentiful.
Recreational opportunities abound and the quality of life is unsurpassed.
Recreational opportunities abound as well.
Recreational opportunities abound at Lake Mohave.
Recreational opportunities abound at several nearby area lakes.
Recreational opportunities abound for all ages.
Recreational opportunities abound for individuals and groups.
Recreational opportunities abound for participants.
Recreational opportunities abound here.
Recreational opportunities abound in Baltimore and Maryland.
Recreational opportunities abound in close proximity.
Recreational opportunities abound in Florida's forests.
Recreational opportunities abound in Logan.
Recreational opportunities abound in Miami Township.
Recreational opportunities abound in Spring Lake.
Recreational opportunities abound in the area.
Recreational opportunities abound in the city and the surrounding area.
Recreational opportunities abound in the East Bay.
Recreational opportunities abound in the great outdoors.
Recreational opportunities abound in the Seattle area.
Recreational opportunities abound including golfing, baseball, ice skating, swimming, and tennis.
Recreational opportunities abound near Hat Rapids.
Recreational opportunities abound on campus, in the city and in the nearby Rocky Mountains.
Recreational opportunities abound the whole year through.
Recreational opportunities abound throughout the county.
Recreational opportunities abound throughout the state.
Recreational opportunities abound within the county and in the mountain and desert areas nearby.
Recreational opportunities abound, and cultural resources are plentiful.
Recreational opportunities abound, and the area is home to a multitude of antique shops.
Recreational opportunities abound, and the choices for quality programming are plentiful.
Recreational opportunities abound, fishing, diving and boating in particular.
Recreational opportunities abound, too.
Recreational opportunities abound, with emphasis on outdoor and ocean-related pursuits.
Recreational opportunities abound, with outdoor activities at the top of the list.
Recreational opportunities abound, with ski resorts, hiking trails, casinos, etc.
Recreational opportunities abound.
Recreational opportunities are a major draw to the region.
Recreational opportunities are abundant in the immediate area and the nearby mountains and shore.
Recreational opportunities are almost endless.
Recreational opportunities are also in abundance.
Recreational opportunities are as rewarding as the landscape.
Recreational opportunities are as varied as the topography.
Recreational opportunities are as varied.
Recreational opportunities are available at Lake Ray Roberts.
Recreational opportunities are available year-round throughout the forest.
Recreational opportunities are bountiful.
Recreational opportunities are diverse.
Recreational opportunities are endless in our beautiful state of Colorado.
Recreational opportunities are endless with the sport fishing arena second to none.
Recreational opportunities are endless.
Recreational opportunities are everywhere in Minnesota.
Recreational opportunities are everywhere.
Recreational opportunities are in abundance in our area.
Recreational opportunities are incomparable, both on campus and in the region.
Recreational opportunities are limitless in the Greater Detroit area.
Recreational opportunities are limitless.
Recreational opportunities are many and varied.
Recreational opportunities are many.
Recreational opportunities are numerous.
Recreational opportunities are one's own option and expense.
Recreational opportunities are plentiful for all tastes.
Recreational opportunities are plentiful in nearby lakes, parks, and mountains.
Recreational opportunities are plentiful in the vast mountains, streams and lakes.
Recreational opportunities are plentiful.
Recreational opportunities are second to none.
Recreational opportunities are superb.
Recreational opportunities are unlimited.
Recreational opportunities are varied and extensive.
Recreational opportunities are what Alaska is noted for.
Recreational opportunities attract tourists from throughout British Columbia and beyond.
Recreational opportunities exhist on-site, including tennis courts.
Recreational opportunities rank last in importance.
Recreational opportunities surround the hotel, including golfing, hiking, biking and walking.
Many recreational opportunities abound within a reasonable driving distance.
Many recreational opportunities are avaialble in town.
Many recreational opportunities are available here.
Many recreational opportunities are available including hunting and ice skating.
Many recreational opportunities exist in the Hood River Wilderness Area.
Many recreational opportunities exist including ball fields and trails for public use.
Recreational options are endless.
Recreational outings are also an option for the group.
Recreational parks are probably the most desirable of all.
Many recreational parks offer golf, hiking, and a variety of individual and team sports.
Most recreational parks charge per vehicle, so it is best to call the park and ask.
Recreational pilots take off when the winds are calmer.
Recreational players are ineligible for single game permits.
Recreational players can use any one of the three balls on any surface they choose.
Some recreational players have chances.
Recreational programs are able to allow all interested individuals to participate.
Recreational programs have a strong family focus and encourage total family involvement.
Recreational programs provide jobs to tribal members.
Many recreational programs take advantage of their beautiful locations.
All recreational programming is subject to change.
Recreational prospectors are avid readers of mineral journals and magazines.
Recreational pursuits are almost unlimited.
Recreational pursuits provide for an enriched social environment, friendships, and new activities.
Recreational reading appears to be an activity of the past.
Recreational reading can occur in school as well as at home.
Recreational reading is encouraged.
Recreational rides are available beginning Now.
Recreational rides are available winter and summer.
Recreational riders can expect to spend anywhere from two to four hours getting to the top.
Recreational riders make up the bulk of the sport's numbers.
Recreational riders tend to be out longer, and have stops planned, to eat, chat or whatever.
Recreational riding is the most popular activity in the horse industry, specifically trail riding.
REcreational rules apply.
Many recreational runners come to the sport with a goal of losing weight.
All recreational sailing is subject to cancellation based on current weather conditions.
Recreational sailors are also welcome.
Most recreational sailors take a justifiable pride in the responsible way they conduct themselves.
Some recreational sailors seem to enjoy taking a regular weekend beating from the local pros.
Recreational seasons are spring and fall for boys and girls kindergarten through fifth grade.
Recreational selections are stories and poems.
Recreational services are also an integral part of the program.
Recreational sex is as much an oxymoron as is recreational nuclear-fusion.
Recreational sex is immoral and destructive.
Recreational sex is promoted.
Recreational shopping is so dumb.
Recreational skaters are welcome and sessions are divided into groups, according to ability.
Most recreational snowboarders wear soft boots, which allow for maximum comfort and manoeuvrability.
Recreational soccer is designed to give all children the opportunity to learn basic soccer skills.
Recreational soccer is intended to be fun and low key for the players, coaches, and parents .
Recreational space is at a premium, with public facilities always crowded.
Recreational spending looks to be climbing as well.
Recreational sports are one of the camp's most joyful activities.
Recreational sports are one the camp's most joyful activities.
Most recreational stores sell the permits, but call ahead to be sure.
Recreational swim is included.
Recreational swimming allows campers to become comfortable in the water or to practice new skills.
Recreational swimming is available in the afternoons.
Recreational swimming is available, as well as lap swimming.
Recreational swimming is offered.
Recreational swingers see swinging as a social activity much like bowling, playing tennis and cards.
Recreational therapist experiences a plus.
Recreational therapists observe and record patients' participation, reactions, and progress.
Recreational therapists plan activities that promote physical, emotional, and social wellness.
Recreational therapists revitalize patients through an expanded scope of enjoyable activities.
Recreational therapists train at a college or university.
Recreational therapists work as members of an interdisciplinary team.
Some recreational therapists engage in private practice or serve as consultants.
Recreational therapy is a relatively new field.
Recreational therapy is offered.
Recreational therapy is provided as an outlet for physical expression and exercise.
Recreational times coincide with adult activities and spousal programs.
Recreational tourism is the number one industry.
Recreational tourism needs to be developed in forest areas with such potential.
Recreational tourism overlaps with sports enough that joint marketing is feasible.
Recreational track is offered to boys and girls in Kindergarten through fifth grade.
Recreational trails are in high demand.
Recreational trails are popular with people of all ages.
Recreational trips are also part of our agenda.
Recreational trips take students to areas of interest in Toronto and other parts of Ontario.
Recreational uses are also important.
Recreational uses reflected in hunting leases are also important.
Recreational use can occur very occasionally or every weekend or several times a week.
Recreational use includes chat rooms, games, Internet surfing, computer and cell phones, etc.
Recreational use includes hunting, fishing, hiking, skiing, boating, and camping.
Recreational use includes hunting, hiking, fishing, and horseback riding.
Recreational use is a central issue in the planning.
Recreational use is also possible for a short distance below the dams when water is being released.
Recreational use is considered a special use.
Recreational use is discouraged.
Recreational use is primary concentrated for two and a half months during the hunting season.
Recreational use is relatively high with hiking, fishing and boating attracting the most visitors.
Recreational uses are generally passive, related to the aesthetic enjoyment of the gardens.
Recreational uses are often in conflict with traditional use activities such as grazing and mining.
Recreational users are the target audience.
Recreational users are unlikely to experience a withdrawal syndrome.
Recreational users claim that the drug relaxes inhibitions and enhances communications and sex.
Recreational users experience numbness and an altered sense of reality and time.
Recreational users have lunch on lawns, block driveways and trample flowers.
Many recreational users use cable modems.
Recreational values are qualities assigned to wildlife related to sports or hobbies.
Recreational values exist for duck and goose leases.
A recreational vehicle is a container
A recreational vehicle is a vehicle
Recreational vehicles are another recent focus.
Recreational vehicles are our favorite to camp overnight with.
Recreational vehicles are welcome to stay overnight.
Recreational vehicles can hook up for the night or for up to eight months at South Shore.
Recreational vehicles have a designated lot next to the baseball stadium.
Recreational vehicles occupy a growing interest among singles and young families.
Recreational vices are OK, but be sure the source is trustworthy.
A recrimination is an accusation
Recriminations are accusations.
Recriminations begin and a wish for revenge is born.
Recriminations continue, however.
Recriminations fly furiously for nearly two hours.
Recriminations fly, but nobody can come up with a scenario that makes any sense, until . . .
Recriprocal links are important.
A recrudescence is an outbreak
Recrudescence commonly occurs in patients who redevelop neutropenia.
Recrudescence is a short-term relapse due to surviving erythrocytic parasites.
Recrudescence is common with artesunate monotherapy for under seven days.
Recrudescence is the return of original severe insomnia.
Recrudescence is when symptoms return after a symptom-free period.
Recrudescences are common.
Recrudescences are outbreaks.
Recrudescences are recurrences.
A recruit is a newcomer
Recruit attorneys with expertise to review specific areas of manual.
Recruit engineers to supervise projects in a geographical region.
Recruit graduates by building relationships with students.
Recruit guests to bring appetizers and dessert.
Recruit individuals from a global talent pool.
Recruit individuals with leadership qualities who are willing to play a key role in the campaign.
Recruit librarians from urban areas to write the articles.
Recruit participants through advertising and other vehicles.
Recruit retirees to assist with legislative activities.
Recruit speakers as appropriate and necessary to roundout the program.
Recruit students for after-school programs.
Recruit students from throughout South Carolina.
Recruit students into the journalism program and supervise hourly and work-study students.
Recruit teachers to participate and jump in the event.
Recruit teachers to serve for a definite period of time, preferably one year.
Recruit volunteers early.
Recruit volunteers to assist in constructing the area.
Recruit volunteers to assist with regional activities.
Recruit volunteers to assist with special park projects.
Recruit volunteers to assist with the reception.
Recruit volunteers to increase the value for participants.
Recruit volunteers to read some assignments on tape.
Recruit volunteers to staff the table.
Recruits also learn how to march.
Recruits also look at locker rooms, weight rooms and player lounges.
Recruits apply to the Velvet Dragon in person.
Recruits are enlisted men.
Recruits are newcomers.
Recruits are people.
Recruits are shocked with zap guns.
Recruits are the young fish which survive from each year's spawning to enter the fishery.
Recruits become more demanding about where they fit within a program's future.
Recruits begin earning their full salary upon entering the academy.
Recruits block members to attend additional training opportunities.
Recruits can just log on and enlist.
Recruits can mail letters during recruitment week.
Recruits can participate in the study immediately after being recruited.
Recruits click here.
Recruits climb a wall, a chain link fence, run up and down hills, through tires and barrels.
Recruits climb over, under and around obstacles.
Recruits creates an academic and athletic profile of each athlete.
Recruits enter a simulated shipboard setting.
Recruits faculty in consultation with academic department chairs.
Recruits first go through medical checks and testing.
Recruits generally pay their own basic training.
Recruits get a three-day polygraph test.
Recruits go on to occupy some of the top positions in the government.
Recruits go to school sites and the community to make home visits.
Recruits graduate as elite members of the law enforcement community.
Recruits have to choose between being beaten up or having sex with a male gang member.
Recruits have to get through obstacle courses under warlike conditions.
Recruits have to meet stringent requirements mentally, medically and morally.
Recruits interns from local colleges and reports their progress to their professors.
Recruits learn new steering and braking techniques.
Recruits learn that their safety and survival depend upon everyone in their crew.
Recruits like to go where other great recruits already are.
Recruits live in barracks and have a footlocker and wall locker each.
Recruits love to see themselves playing in front of highly enthusiastic crowds.
Recruits pass through in the morning.
Recruits perspective employees for a company.
Recruits question writers to prepare questions and analyses.
Recruits receive a salary during training.
Recruits receive classroom instruction and physical training in a strict, paramilitary environment.
Recruits receive feedback and instruction from their coaches.
Recruits receive valuable information and coping skills that can prevent long-term stress and grief.
Recruits remain skilled and well educated.
Recruits reportedly earn twice as much as army conscripts.
Recruits respond to the misinformation given by returning scouts.
Recruits ride specially-designed mountain bikes with seven gears and hydraulic brakes.
Recruits see the blowout losses and choose to play elsewhere.
Recruits send money to the person at the top of the list.
Recruits shoulder rifles and the scenario continues.
Recruits soon trust only group members.
Recruits spend hours practicing their skills, being coached and critiqued.
Recruits spend many hours in the classroom and on the fourth week, they'll face the mid-term exam.
Recruits spend several days learning weapon safety, maintenance, and skills.
Recruits stand out because of both their small size and their unusually clean shells.
Recruits still learn other fighting techniques.
Recruits strain to hear what's going on inside the classroom.
Recruits substitute teachers and maintains roster for assignment.
Recruits take the APFT during the seventh week of their nine-week basic training cycle.
Recruits tend to be young, middle class and highly educated but socially marginal.
Recruits undergo weeks of strict paramilitary training.
Recruits user to system administration team.
Recruits weigh options .
Recruits often do a summer internship with their future employer prior to clerking.
Recruits usually have to stay at the training facility for the duration of training.
Recruits usually have to stay on the facility during training.
All recruits are cross trained on all positions of the gun.
Many recruit applicants through newspaper advertisements.
Many recruits find our physical fitness program to be less strenuous than their regular one.
Many recruits have conflicting playoff or championship games.
Most recruits usually wait until the first phase of training to make their first mistake.
Most recruits enter the military straight out of high school.
Most recruits join for reasons other than money or some type of monetary payoff.
Some recruit applicants through internet job listings.
Some recruit applicants through newspaper advertisements.
Some recruits find it hard to meet physical standards.
Some recruits have marquee value.
Some recruits jump up terrified.
Some recruits never write home.
Some recruits sit on their packs and check their feet.
A recruiter is an official
Recruiter chooses interviewees.
Recruiter comes to campus for their scheduled interview day.
Recruiter fully automates the hiring management process.
Recruiter is a customer service industry.
Recruiter is an applicant tracking program designed for growing companies and staffing agencies.
Recruiter is the applicant tracking software designed for growing companies and staffing agencies.
Recruiter is the applicant tracking system designed for growing companies and staffing agencies.
Recruiter is the person who locates and invites selected participants to attend group discussions.
Recruiters acknowledge that the job of career-services director is stressful and often thankless.
Recruiters admit that they give an edge to candidates who demonstrate good people skills.
Recruiters also answer questions about the company.
Recruiters also are a popular way to fill an empty job, the companies say.
Recruiters also can contact the student organizations to plan presentations.
Recruiters also can make things difficult.
Recruiters also communicate when they have positive feedback and recommend no changes.
Recruiters also expect the applicants to be honest with themselves.
Recruiters also help manage expectations through the hiring process.
Recruiters also post jobs for free.
Recruiters also receive a special gift.
Recruiters also stay up late wooing workers overseas.
Recruiters also travel to job fairs as far away as New York, Mississippi, and Louisiana.
Recruiters appear genuinely warm and friendly.
Recruiters applaud finance skills and global scope.
Recruiters are a good resource for people with experience in a sought after field.
Recruiters are a wily bunch.
Recruiters are also able to share industry forms and documents, creating a shared workspace online.
Recruiters are always on the lookout for resumes of qualified candidates.
Recruiters are always quick to respond.
Recruiters are anxious to interview minority candidates in all teaching areas.
Recruiters are appropriate to fill permanent corporate jobs.
Recruiters are articulate professionals who have a broad knowledge of business.
Recruiters are at schools to sell students military enlistment.
Recruiters are available at least once a month during lunch outside the upper cafeteria.
Recruiters are buyers, and their job is to acquire sellers as quickly and cheaply as possible.
Recruiters are competent, caring individuals who are true professionals.
Recruiters are fun, although a pain in the butt as well.
Recruiters are generally very discreet when leaving messages at work, especially with secretaries.
Recruiters are good role models, whether the kids are in high school, college or at home.
Recruiters are highly motivated to place individuals in jobs.
Recruiters are in much the same boat.
Recruiters are increasingly interested in hiring graduates with a solid liberal arts education.
Recruiters are increasingly selective in their evaluation of MBAs.
Recruiters are invariably impressed with the student who displays real interest and enthusiasm.
Recruiters are like agents in that they assist professionals in finding good jobs.
Recruiters are notorious for their independence.
Recruiters are officials.
Recruiters are often local people.
Recruiters are on campus most weekdays to discuss employment opportunities.
Recruiters are on the look-out for talent more than ever.
Recruiters are only involved in lateral movement of attorneys.
Recruiters are people.
Recruiters are professionals.
Recruiters are ready to answer questions and offer advice.
Recruiters are responsible for community outreach in the tri-county area of Central Florida.
Recruiters are salespeople with a quota to meet.
Recruiters are suppliers.
Recruiters are the front line troops in the talent war.
Recruiters are the networking experts.
Recruiters are then able to entice and recruit the most qualified candidates.
Recruiters are very, very persistent and the military offers young people a really good deal.
Recruiters are welcome to attend our meetings, announce open positions and pass out business cards.
Recruiters are welcome to post job openings on our sites.
Recruiters are welcome to post job openings on our website.
Recruiters are welcome.
Recruiters are well positioned to get what they want.
Recruiters are workers.
Recruiters ask questions to gain important feedback.
Recruiters attend all events.
Recruiters attend college fairs in the key states, also.
Recruiters become a part of our growth.
Recruiters briefly share a little about their company, followed by a question and answer period.
Recruiters build an interview schedule during the morning session.
Recruiters calculate a 'return on investment' to help answer that question.
Recruiters call into the office.
Recruiters call it a bastion for technology.
Recruiters can access the crew database for free.
Recruiters can advertise jobs and search the resume database.
Recruiters can advertise vacancies FREE of charge.
Recruiters can also be a valuable part of a company's public relations and marketing plan.
Recruiters can also lose a potential enlistee to competing military recruiters.
Recruiters can also place opportunities online.
Recruiters can also register and post jobs for FREE and can also search our database for candidates.
Recruiters can be helpful in that they have corporate relationships in place.
Recruiters can be very sophisticated individuals.
Recruiters can buy the service for three months with a monthly option to renew.
Recruiters can contact and hire candidates directly.
Recruiters can contact associations which represent various minority groups and professions.
Recruiters can describe the packages.
Recruiters can fail to account for the real demands and pressures of the post.
Recruiters can fill out a form to be in the book, and everyone can pre-order copies.
Recruiters can gain access to the various networks through a series of programs .
Recruiters can keep sites anonymous by posting the region of the state.
Recruiters can look beyond the paraeducators group, however.
Recruiters can place job ads and use a powerful search engine to find the best candidates.
Recruiters can post jobs for free with detailed descriptions and direct contact information.
Recruiters can post jobs locally.
Recruiters can post jobs to multiple job boards or subscribe to our free HR magazine.
Recruiters can post jobs using our secure on-line form .
Recruiters can post their job openings and receive a high response.
Recruiters can post, edit and delete, or save the jobs they are responsible for filling.
Recruiters can post, edit, re-post or delete their openings in real time.
Recruiters can provide more details.
Recruiters can receive compensation when the candidate is hired, which is a contingency fee.
Recruiters can register On-Line .
Recruiters can search for resumes by city, state, country or keyword.
Recruiters can search for resumes by job title or by job category.
Recruiters can search posted resumes or post their own recruitment ads.
Recruiters can sign up to receive free resumes.
Recruiters can take action on selected students from their office or while travelling.
Recruiters can then contact the potential student hires directly.
Recruiters can then search thousands of resumes based on key words.
Recruiters can then use search criteria to find candidates to invite to interview.
Recruiters can use the information to justify recruiting results, plan strategies and more.
Recruiters can use the service to post their job advertisements.
Recruiters care about two things - credentials and personality.
Recruiters care about two things-credentials and personality.
Recruiters charge very high rates.
Recruiters cite poor communication skill as the biggest weakness of new graduates.
Recruiters cite poor communication skills as the biggest weakness of new graduates.
Recruiters cite students' strong marketing skills.
Recruiters cite student's strong marketing skills.
Recruiters claim they can do it faster, better and cheaper.
Recruiters come and talk about their company and the opportunities available.
Recruiters come from the cities to rural areas, luring women with false promises of work.
Recruiters come on occasion to talk with interested students.
Recruiters compete with other recruiters in getting their job ads in front of active job seekers.
Recruiters conduct exit interviews for voluntary resignations.
Recruiters conduct interviews and meet job candidates at each institution.
Recruiters consistently speak with a wide range of decision makers and professionals.
Recruiters consistently speak with a wide range of decision-makers and professionals.
Recruiters contact FJN looking for candidates with specific qualifications.
Recruiters continue to actively recruit from many more schools than in previous years.
Recruiters create a relationship with companies.
Recruiters deal with hundreds of applicants and understand discretion.
Recruiters determine an applicants eligibility for enlistment.
Recruiters do the bulk of all sourcing, screening, interviewing and selecting of candidates.
Recruiters don t try to derive bad information.
Recruiters dress professionally in slacks, shirt, and tie.
Recruiters expect demand for executives to work at entertainment companies to remain strong.
Recruiters face increasing competition for a shrinking pool of active job seekers.
Recruiters fear more than a third of graduates are poor at building such relationships.
Recruiters feel they wasted their time on crowd control rather than interviewing.
Recruiters fill a job and can add another in that zip code only.
Recruiters find employees for employers .
Recruiters find employees or contractors for an employer.
Recruiters find our students to be energetic, motivated and prepared.
Recruiters find out as much about the student as possible prior to a personal visit.
Recruiters Find Resumes Find qualified candidates.
Recruiters focus on high schools, women's organizations, career days, and state fairs.
Recruiters generally schedule interviews and arrange candidates' travel plans.
Recruiters generally see demand fluctuating from one type of position to the other.
Recruiters get a list of students seeking employment so that they can download appropriate resumes.
Recruiters get direct access to candidate database.
Recruiters get job orders, then recruit candidates.
Recruiters give dismal grades for finance, analytics.
Recruiters give high marks to students for their international perspective.
Recruiters hate to drop people who qualify all the way through except for articulation.
Recruiters have a profound effect on a company's success.
Recruiters have a special sale pitch just for women.
Recruiters have access to resumes, applications and other services.
Recruiters have different contact people every year.
Recruiters have different styles and ask different questions.
Recruiters have high-pressure jobs, and their efforts result in the force of tomorrow.
Recruiters have jobs in hand and are ready to make offers.
Recruiters have many different strict guidelines to follow.
Recruiters have specific entry level vacancies to fill.
Recruiters have the option of entering internships to thier current job listings.
Recruiters have to be able to speak knowledgeably about the costs of losing an IT employee.
Recruiters have to be good sales people and know marketing to succeed.
Recruiters have to work with clients at a new level of depth and strategy.
Recruiters hire people that they like.
Recruiters interview literally hundreds of candidates.
Recruiters interview on site and offer outlines of their employment needs.
Recruiters invest heavily in relationships with people.
Recruiters keep a constant watch for red-hot applicants that they can refer to their clients.
Recruiters keep a large database of resumes.
Recruiters know it.
Recruiters know that fraternity experience prepares a man for success.
Recruiters know that if they want their company to grow, they have to bring in new people.
Recruiters know the market.
Recruiters login here .
Recruiters look for a candidate who admits being tempted but states a commitment to the truth.
Recruiters look for a variety of sources for feedback.
Recruiters look for electronic resumes on the Web that have live links to a specific company.
Recruiters look for EPIC students.
Recruiters look for involvement and leadership.
Recruiters look for lonely, depressed, confused, vulnerable people.
Recruiters look for new wave of hires on Florida s beaches.
Recruiters look for skills and credentials that match an organization's needs.
Recruiters look to hire someone for what people have done.
Recruiters look to volumes of resumes to make up for shortages in quality.
Recruiters looking for fresh minds and talent also find spruced up quarters.
Recruiters love enthusiasm and energy.
Recruiters love marketing skills.
Recruiters make great advisors and mentors.
Recruiters make special efforts to find bright minority students.
Recruiters meet with community organizations and social service agencies.
Recruiters meet with their existing contractors on a regular basis.
Recruiters note slight improvements but call overall performance lackluster.
Recruiters now operate as an extension or arm of the HR department.
Recruiters offer search and screening support to identify candidates for full-time positions.
Recruiters passively run newspaper advertisements, then sort through the resumes.
Recruiters pay an annual fee for techpool.
Recruiters pay for inclusion and update their own listings.
Recruiters pay their own transportation and hotel costs.
Recruiters pay with money and candidates pay with time.
Recruiters periodically come to the campus to seek students to fill summer jobs.
Recruiters persuade applicants of the benefits of membership.
Recruiters poach traditional corporations first for Internet executive talent.
Recruiters point to other firms that have been hit hard.
Recruiters prefer applicants who have work experience.
Recruiters prefer dialogue that s short and sweet.
Recruiters prefer people who have credentials on paper that are easily marketable to their clients.
Recruiters present new possibilities, and where to go to get more satisfaction.
Recruiters primarily work with hard to fill positions or executive positions.
Recruiters proactively meet with candidates possessing skills compatible with evolving technologies.
Recruiters provide candidates with assistance with the job search at all stages of the process.
Recruiters rank it one of the most improved.
Recruiters rank school among best for turning out MBAs with global understanding.
Recruiters read and participate in discussions on bulletin boards and newsgroups.
Recruiters read applicantsresumes and choose the good candidates.
Recruiters receive a final copy of the schedule the morning they arrive for their interviews.
Recruiters receive a final copy of their schedule for that day with any last minute changes.
Recruiters receive e-mail notification when a potential match is found.
Recruiters receive so many resumes each day that they look for any way to lower the stack.
Recruiters receive some compensation for their work.
Recruiters register and get a password to access resumes.
Recruiters register and provide the region and job category of their specialty.
Recruiters register in order to be able to access the data bank.
Recruiters regularly use relatively silly metrics to describe their successes.
Recruiters remain a mystery for most people looking for new employment opportunities.
Recruiters representing corporations, government agencies, and graduate schools visit the campus.
Recruiters resisting the change do so at their own peril.
Recruiters respond to a candidate's enthusiasm about a job.
Recruiters review resumes and select candidates to be interviewed.
Recruiters routinely expect candidates to show competence in the techniques of molecular biology.
Recruiters say be visible.
Recruiters say demand is strong in several specialties at the moment.
Recruiters say Internet companies are mainly looking for certain types of candidates.
Recruiters say it's great - It is.
Recruiters say one thing.
Recruiters say that companies offering equity expect candidates to ask about their financing.
Recruiters say that it's far better to seem eager than it is to appear arrogant.
Recruiters say that they are seeking focused people, who know what they want to do.
Recruiters say that's a wise move.
Recruiters say the window for making overtures closes quickly.
Recruiters say they have had only limited success persuading such youths to consider nursing.
Recruiters search for people who are qualified for jobs in the company.
Recruiters search for promising job candidates and screen and interview applicants.
Recruiters search the database every day.
Recruiters see candidates as possible future representatives of their organizations.
Recruiters see candidates as possible, future representatives of their organizations.
Recruiters see people.
Recruiters see themselves as advocates for both companies and candidates.
Recruiters seek out candidates based on their skills, desires and personality.
Recruiters seeking bilingual candidates can post job listings on the site.
Recruiters seem happy enough with their experience.
Recruiters sign up to receive resumes in their own email.
Recruiters simply adapt the ads to fit their needs.
Recruiters Speak An HR forum.
Recruiters specialize in matching companies and candidates together.
Recruiters spend all their time in the executive marketplace.
Recruiters spend hours on the telephone, trying to promote interest in the military services.
Recruiters spend the majority of their time searching for candidates.
Recruiters start visiting the campus within a few weeks of the beginning of each semester.
Recruiters still talk to candidates to judge the fit within a new company.
Recruiters Take a look at the extensive list of recruiting companies.
Recruiters take note.
Recruiters tell people that becoming a rigger is a guaranteed way to become, and stay, airborne.
Recruiters tend to gravitate to their alumni networks particularly the more organized ones.
Recruiters tend to provide stronger assistance to professionals looking to stay in the same field.
Recruiters travel occasionally.
Recruiters typically use the Internet only to post job descriptions and gather resumes.
Recruiters use a number of methods to source candidates.
Recruiters use resumes to decide whom they can interview.
Recruiters use Web sites, phone systems and other new media to reach and screen candidates.
Recruiters view all applications and select students for interviews.
Recruiters visit on-campus to interview job candidates.
Recruiters visit on-campus to inteview job candidates.
Recruiters visit Utah high schools in order to identify college-bound minority students.
Recruiters vote it most improved, best in finance, analytics.
Recruiters watch and wait for years for some students.
Recruiters work for and are paid by the employer .
Recruiters work from their homes in the evenings.
Recruiters work hard convincing top performers to consider making a career change.
Recruiters work long hours, have unpredictable schedules and face a myriad of challenges.
Recruiters work on either a retainer or a contingency basis.
Recruiters work with candidates every day.
Recruiters work with employment managers.
Recruiters work with firms offering full-time and freelance jobs.
Recruiters frequently do the salary negotiations because that is part of our job.
Recruiters often ask for r sum s by fax.
Recruiters often ask for resumes by fax.
Recruiters often come to campus to interview students for a variety of employment opportunities.
Recruiters often come to organizations' meetings to advertise their company.
Recruiters often complain that candidates neglect to list all their academic results.
Recruiters often hire full-time employees from their intern pool.
Recruiters often make decisions about following up with candidates a few days after the event.
Recruiters often prefer sites that clean their database records.
Recruiters often prepare or re-do the r sum s of candidates they submit to their client companies.
Recruiters often run graduate recruitment adverts in the main news or business sections.
Recruiters often say the best jobs are never advertised.
Recruiters often specialize in lower, middle or executive level assignments.
Recruiters often start the interview process by handing out a pile of paper forms.
Recruiters often visit campus to fill full time positions.
Recruiters often visit the campus to interview seniors for full-time positions.
Recruiters often work on tight schedules and sometimes ask to interview students the following day.
Recruiters sometimes act as middlemen in negotiations.
Recruiters sometimes dump schools, but never cavalierly.
Recruiters sometimes step on each other's toes, even from the same firm.
Recruiters usually conduct interviews in hotels or motels.
Recruiters usually run scrupulous background checks.
Recruiters usually specialize in industries and careers.
All Recruiters recognize that an unexpected call places some stress on the job applicant.
All recruiters see the same information at the same time.
Every recruiter is a potential volunteer, and every volunteer is a potential recruiter.
Many recruiters are willing to comply with our request to provide feedback to students.
Many recruiters become suspisous that it is too low.
Many recruiters conduct initial interviews, and hire, at the event.
Many recruiters find a list of relevant courses helpful.
Many recruiters find it easier and more effective to just headhunt on the Web.
Many recruiters find the best way to get and keep recruits is to stay involved in their lives.
Many recruiters hate e-mail for the same reason.
Many recruiters just run the same ad that they run in the newspaper.
Many recruiters look at what they do in an extremely narrow perspective.
Many recruiters offer clients both services, contingency and retained.
Many recruiters operate on the principal that more is better.
Many recruiters prefer suits with a jacket and skirt, rather than a pants suit.
Many recruiters prefer to contact candidates electronically, particularly for high-tech jobs.
Many recruiters search resume databases in order to find candidates for their openings.
Many recruiters seek to eliminate applicants in the first screening.
Many recruiters specialize in particular industries such as high tech, medical, management, etc.
Many recruiters tend to specialize within certain geographical areas.
Many recruiters use a candidate evaluation system with categories similar to the ones shown below.
Many recruiters view the Internet as a medium that provides a lot of different recruiting services.
Many recruiters view their offices and corporate facilities as showplaces.
Most recruiters often play a role in helping management set up position specifications.
Most recruiters admit, however, that demand for XML is just starting to build.
Most recruiters are from the computer science and telecommunication industries.
Most recruiters are reluctant to hire because they fear they are the standby.
Most recruiters are specialized.
Most recruiters are true professionals with very high ethics.
Most recruiters are very bad writers.
Most recruiters come out of a specific industry with a network of contacts in place.
Most recruiters consider job fairs the first round of screening for entry-level candidates.
Most recruiters cover salary information during the second interview.
Most recruiters do place the ads themselves because it's so quick, easy, and convenient.
Most recruiters have a pay table.
Most recruiters have more 'great candidates' than they know what to do with.
Most recruiters have very little time to get away from their booth.
Most recruiters have very similar expectations.
Most recruiters hire students from all majors.
Most recruiters just do what they do without a written plan.
Most recruiters know exactly what their counterparts are offering as starting salary.
Most recruiters like to see students who start their job search early.
Most recruiters look for and like to see the following at first glance.
Most recruiters perform daily searches through dozens of online resume databases.
Most recruiters prefer the chronological style because it is easily followed.
Most recruiters receive a few phone calls a year from potential special educators.
Most recruiters specialise in information technology vacancies.
Most recruiters specialize.
Most recruiters unconciously respond to their first impressions.
Most recruiters use recruiting as a stepping stone to another HR job.
Most recruiters work on commission, especially contingency-based recruiters.
Some recruiters also have tailgates during football season.
Some recruiters are clear that they look for a mix among the graduates that they recruit.
Some recruiters are interested only in filling current job vacancies.
Some recruiters conduct short, sweet and simple interviews designed solely to screen candidates.
Some recruiters fax resumes to organizations.
Some recruiters form their first impressions based on such details.
Some recruiters occasionally search for candidates for international positions and assignments.
Some recruiters refuse to hire people who don t ask intelligent questions.
Some recruiters request an open interview schedule while others prefer pre-select interviews.
Some recruiters say they have no choice.
Some recruiters think they're in the perfect position to launch venture firms.
Some recruiters try to persuade employees to quit school.
Some recruiters use technical or numeracy aptitude tests and assessment centres.
Some recruiters value the cover letter as an indicator of the applicant's writing abilities.
Recruitment advertising indicates that positions of trust require a criminal conviction check.
Recruitment agencies are another alternative.
Recruitment agencies can be a useful additional tool in the job hunt.
Recruitment agencies exist only to garner fees from employers.
Recruitment agencies offer no consolation.
Recruitment companies are the wave of the future.
Some recruitment consultants advise on haircuts and suits and believe conservative is the key.
Recruitment firms is great at any age.
Recruitment firms offer a number of benefits.
Recruitment processes ensure the correct people are employed in the first place.
Recruitment seasons vary with each organization.
Recruitment accounts for most of the stock productivity.
Recruitment affects groyup dynamics.
Recruitment also is an ongoing process.
Recruitment appears to be sporadic.
Recruitment becomes a hit and miss affair.
Recruitment begins every academic year.
Recruitment begins with being seen in and around school.
Recruitment calls for enlistment in the military.
Recruitment can be a time consuming process that keeps yoou away from other important tasks.
Recruitment can be a very time consuming and costly exercise.
Recruitment can be expensive.
Recruitment can be the most frustrating part of the job.
Recruitment can be tough from attracting candidates through to the management of the process.
Recruitment comes down to nothing more than a numbers game.
Recruitment comes from brochures, newspaper and website ads, and word of mouth.
Recruitment continues at a high level.
Recruitment continues at all of New Mexico's nine universities and colleges.
Recruitment continues for leaders for new clubs and maintenance of existing clubs.
Recruitment continues to be difficult for a number of positions.
Recruitment coordinates all efforts to recruit new members.
Recruitment definitely needs some help.
Recruitment encourages prospective students of color to apply for admission.
Recruitment ends when hiring needs are satisfied.
Recruitment Find out about the latest in cancer treatment and prevention.
Recruitment Find out the latest in cancer treatment and prevention.
Recruitment focuses on five contiguous counties along or near the New Mexico border.
Recruitment follows a familiar pattern.
Recruitment follows a personal interview with a member of the team.
Recruitment has a dedicated team.
Recruitment has many different steps .
Recruitment has many different steps.
Recruitment includes outreach to secondary schools and student markets both in the U.S. and abroad.
Recruitment interviewing for our current openings is handled by the hiring department directly.
Recruitment involves attracting, from the labor force, a screened pool of qualified applicants.
Recruitment involves the maturation and addition of new oyster spats to an existing reef.
Recruitment is a big thing right now.
Recruitment is a bit of a courtship.
Recruitment is a boundary management process.
Recruitment is a continuous struggle.
Recruitment is a critical challenge and a major component of programs serving NCPs.
Recruitment is a crucial factor in the recovery and long term sustainability of fish stocks.
Recruitment is a fun time for potential members as well as for the sisters.
Recruitment is a good example.
Recruitment is a joint responsibility.
Recruitment is a life changing activity.
Recruitment is a measure of how many young survive long enough to potentially enter the fishery.
Recruitment is a mental and emotional process that begins long before the first sexual act occurs.
Recruitment is a missing element.
Recruitment is a mutual selection process between potential members and chapters.
Recruitment is a primary effort.
Recruitment is a problem at present.
Recruitment is a process of including new acquaintances into daily activities.
Recruitment is a real emerging issue here.
Recruitment is a responsibility shared by students, alumni, faculty and staff.
Recruitment is a secondary aspect of our mission.
Recruitment is a service available to caterers and hoteliers nationwide.
Recruitment is a specialists' job.
Recruitment is a strategy that, if successful, can serve job growth and diversification needs.
Recruitment is a time to come see what Greek life is all about.
Recruitment is a time when potential members meet current members of Greek organizations.
Recruitment is a VERY strong priority right now.
Recruitment is a vital part of getting the community served.
Recruitment is a worthy goal for any angler.
Recruitment is a year-round responsibility .
Recruitment is a year-round responsibility.
Recruitment is about quality as well as quantity.
Recruitment is absent, and tone decay is marked.
Recruitment is accomplishment.
Recruitment is achievement
Recruitment is active for seasonal summer seafood processing jobs.
Recruitment is affected by oil price fluctuations.
Recruitment is also a terrific opportunity to meet other students.
Recruitment is also another goal of the team and the club.
Recruitment is also underway for a second clinical study.
Recruitment is an extremely challenging function of HR department.
Recruitment is an important aspect of building diversity.
Recruitment is an intentional process .
Recruitment is an issue.
Recruitment is an ongoing process throughout the year.
Recruitment is an ongoing process, especially at school.
Recruitment is an ongoing process.
Recruitment is an organic process and there is no way the human factor can be eliminated.
Recruitment is another major area of responsibility.
Recruitment is another regular duty for the director.
Recruitment is as recruitment does.
Recruitment is based on everything but alcohol.
Recruitment is by competitive selection, paying due regard to gender and regional balance.
Recruitment is carried out at all levels on the basis of fair and open competition.
Recruitment is carried out throughout the year until vacancies are filled.
Recruitment is complete.
Recruitment is conducted at the start of each school year to fill available openings.
Recruitment is conducted on an as-needed basis, as the positions become vacant.
Recruitment is contingent upon funding.
Recruitment is continuous and applications are welcomed throughout the year.
Recruitment is continuous as our department grows due to land annexation.
Recruitment is continuous.
Recruitment is costly, especially for exceptional minority professors.
Recruitment is costly.
Recruitment is covered as well as what characteristics a gang looks for in perspective members.
Recruitment is currently open.
Recruitment is dangerously low.
Recruitment is designed to be informal and alcohol-free.
Recruitment is different at every campus.
Recruitment is difficult because therapists are having to be so flexible.
Recruitment is difficult.
Recruitment is done citywide and through our community centers.
Recruitment is done following the advertisement of a vacancy notice as for our other staff.
Recruitment is done on a national basis.
Recruitment is down and there is a lack of plurality in the air.
Recruitment is down.
Recruitment is enriched.
Recruitment is expensive.
Recruitment is favored when the fronts are nearshore and act as a barrier to offshore dispersal.
Recruitment is for accounting grads who have a strong interest in taxes.
Recruitment is free.
Recruitment is held once a year in the fall.
Recruitment is in place.
Recruitment is in the Spring for the following academic year.
Recruitment is in the spring term.
Recruitment is low.
Recruitment is merit-based.
Recruitment is more difficult.
Recruitment is more important than reward.
Recruitment is nearly impossible.
Recruitment is no exception.
Recruitment is no longer the job of an individual, but of a mobilized organization.
Recruitment is no.
Recruitment is normally at the beginning of the range.
Recruitment is on a competitive basis while internal promotions are based on merit.
Recruitment is on a temporary non-pensionable contract basis for one year.
Recruitment is on every HR director s needs.
Recruitment is one example.
Recruitment is one of the powerful benefits of summer camps.
Recruitment is ongoing throughout the year for our graduate and current vacancies.
Recruitment is ongoing throughout the year.
Recruitment is ongoing. .
Recruitment is on-going.
Recruitment is ongoing.
Recruitment is only a beginning.
Recruitment is open until filled.
Recruitment is open until the position is filled.
Recruitment is open.
Recruitment is part of the picture.
Recruitment is provided throughout the United States.
Recruitment is required.
Recruitment is so frantic that some are throwing wads of cash at the problem.
Recruitment is statewide.
Recruitment is the actual number of eggs surviving to become juveniles.
Recruitment is the basic building block of any organization and event.
Recruitment is the clearest problem.
Recruitment is the first step in the hiring process.
Recruitment is the foundation for a good service project.
Recruitment is the most critical issue facing education today.
Recruitment is the only function of our recruiting staff.
Recruitment is the only way to rush.
Recruitment is the other.
Recruitment is the process by which young fish are added to the adult or fished stock.
Recruitment is the process of locating, identifying, and attracting capable applicants.
Recruitment is the process one goes through to join a fraternity or sorority.
Recruitment is the specific time when fraternities seek new members.
Recruitment is the success rate at which spawned fish grow to reproductive size.
Recruitment is the time for women to explore joining a sorority.
Recruitment is the way a fire department attracts new members.
Recruitment is the way to ensure a more powerful voice and message.
Recruitment is time consuming and has to be recognized as a rewarding and rewarded activity.
Recruitment is too strong a word.
Recruitment is tricky, however.
Recruitment is typically among a study's most difficult and costly components.
Recruitment is under way for that study, as well.
Recruitment is undertaken locally when necessary by each team leader.
Recruitment is underway for a successor.
Recruitment is underway for local representatives to all the boards.
Recruitment is underway.
Recruitment is up and senior military officers face a challenge they feel is legitimate.
Recruitment is variable at low levels in all regions.
Recruitment is very low.
Recruitment is waived.
Recruitment leads to higher populations, our optimal goal.
Recruitment normally takes place at the end of the academic year.
Recruitment occurs in the fall, and students begin training in the spring.
Recruitment occurs in the late winter followed by a training program each spring.
Recruitment occurs in the Spring for semester-long positions.
Recruitment occurs on an as-needed basis.
Recruitment opens only once a year and the programs are recruiting now.
Recruitment presents another challenge.
Recruitment probably comes from reproduction upriver or reintroduction by barges.
Recruitment Reduces the cost of recruiting and training new employees.
Recruitment relates directly to awareness, particularly amongst GPs, women and surgeons.
Recruitment remains open until filled.
Recruitment remains the focus.
Recruitment requires aggressive marketing and outreach.
Recruitment requires travel, telemarketing, and excellent interpersonal and writing skills.
Recruitment starts at home.
Recruitment starts in fall and carries into spring.
Recruitment starts in the autumn term and continues all year.
Recruitment starts in the fall, when the team practices a little just to keep their skills up.
Recruitment takes place during the first two weeks of the spring semester.
Recruitment takes place every few years and there is a waiting list for potential garden guides.
Recruitment takes place in the Spring.
Recruitment takes place twice a year.
Recruitment takes place two to three times per year.
Recruitment takes time.
Recruitment Welcome to our Web site.
Recruitments take many months, and openings sometimes go unfilled for a year or more.
Recruitment always requires full departmental involvement.
Recruitment usually takes place in the fall through the school and the religious education program.
All recruitment is done by the good old fashioned networking way.
All recruitment is local as well.
All recruitment requires sign-up registration unless otherwise stated.
All recruitments are Open Until Filled.
Most recruitment is for immediate start at any time of the year.
Most recruitment takes place in the summer and fall.
Some recruitments require an applicant to participate in some type of exam.
Recrystallized tails shown in blue begin to grow from the top right and bottom left sides.
Rect objects are immutable.
Rectal absorption is variable.
Rectal administration is more effective.
Rectal biopsy can also provide specimens for diagnosis.
Rectal biopsy is the most reliable diagnostic measure.
Rectal cancer appears to be decreasing.
Rectal cancer can then invade nearby organs and spread through the lymph and blood systems.
Rectal cancer has a marked tendency to recur locally.
Rectal cancer is a condition often employing multimodality therapy.
Rectal cancer is also prevalent among men and suffers from the same lack of early detection.
Rectal cancer is cancer.
Rectal cancer is rare in young people, with incidence rising sharply after age fifty.
Rectal cancer occurs in half as many people as colon cancer.
Rectal carcinoma is an uncommon occurrence but a serious one.
Rectal contrast is given in cases of suspected bowel perforation or anastomosis leakage.
Rectal descent is a problem that appears to be related to childbirth.
Rectal distention stimulates internal anal sphincter relaxation and the sampling reflex.
Rectal ergotamine is thus more biologically active, for the factor used, than oral ergotamine.
Rectal exam is negative for gross blood, and the patient has a normally placed prostate.
Rectal exam is unpleasant.
Rectal exam reveals an enlarged prostate, smooth without any palpable nodules.
Rectal exam reveals bright red blood in the rectal vault.
Rectal exam reveals dark tarry feces.
Rectal exam reveals guaiac negative stool.
Rectal exam reveals hard stool present with dilated ampulla.
Rectal exam reveals mild prostatic hypertrophy.
Rectal exam reveals no masses and guaiac positive stool.
Rectal exam reveals no masses but bright red blood and mucus present.
Rectal exam reveals normal consistency stool.
Rectal exam reveals pale soft stool that is negative for occult blood.
Rectal exam reveals right sided rectal tenderness.
Rectal exam reveals right sided tenderness and guaiac negative stool.
Rectal examination begins with a visual inspection of the tissues around the anus.
Rectal examination causes pain that is localized on the right side.
Rectal examination causes severe discomfort and tenesmus.
Rectal examination discloses a firm, sometimes rocklike, but often rubbery, putty-like mass.
Rectal examination is normal, psoas and obturator signs are negative .
Rectal examination reveals a nodular prostate in consequence of prostatic calcifications.
Rectal examination reveals a tight anus that is occasionally diagnosed as anal stenosis.
Rectal fissures are actual tears in the lining of the rectum and anus.
Rectal gills are important for the uptake of salt, as well as for respiration.
Rectal glands reabsorb most of potassium and water, leaving behind such wastes as uric acid.
Rectal infection is usually asymptomatic.
Rectal injuries are difficult to diagnose at the time of laparotomy.
Rectal pads absorb urea from the fecal pellet before it is excreted through the anus.
Rectal palpation is the only practical method to detect ovarian cysts.
Rectal palpation produces dark black, soft feces.
Rectal prolapse can block the anal opening causing constipation .
Rectal prolapse can occur due to poor pelvic musculature.
Rectal prolapse is the protrusion of the rectal mucous membrane through the anus.
Rectal readings are usually one degree higher than temperatures taken orally.
Rectal sensation tells a person that stool is in the rectum.
Rectal sex is dangerous.
Rectal stones are unrelated to any prostatic conditions.
Rectal suppositories are medicines that dissolve in the rectum and are absorbed by the body.
Rectal temperature is a good indication of how dehydrated a subject has become.
Rectal temperature rises with level of activity.
Rectal thermometers are thicker than oral thermometers.
Rectal tumors are more common in males.
Rectal tumors can develop anywhere in the rectum.
Rectangle flower boxed are great, because of their shape and size.
Rectangle functions rewritten to avoid inserting extra spaces.
A rectangle is parallelogram
Rectangle encloses the monsoon region.
Rectangle extends  java.lang.
Rectangle fills with solid color, two-color linear gradients and simple transforms.
Rectangle indicates position of slice displayed in fig.
Rectangle is actually a hyper-rectangle since it is supposed to work for any dimension.
Rectangle is the default.
Rectangle isa shape.
Rectangle locates the swath shown in the next image.
Rectangle requires a minimum floor space.
Rectangle s diagonally across an applet.
Rectangle shows location of data illustrated below.
Rectangle shows the approximate location of the next image.
Rectangle specifies a rectangular area by position and size.
Rectangles allow selection of size, border width and color, and background bit map or color.
Rectangles are devices, and elongated ovals are activities.
Rectangles are figures.
Rectangles are for typed entries.
Rectangles are frequently the dominant shape in a room.
Rectangles are fun for Prairie Dawn to play with.
Rectangles are illegal - they've to be listed as single point.
Rectangles are parallelogram.
Rectangles are quadrangles.
Rectangles are shapes.
Rectangles are the shape that is seen most.
Rectangles are the size and shape of any long side of the large block.
Rectangles are usual shapes.
Rectangles arrive next, followed by triangles.
Rectangles can be a side of a cube or the basement of a pyramid or prism.
Rectangles can be wide and tall And circles can be very small.
Rectangles disappear, along with any adjoining squares of the same colour.
Rectangles extrude into boxes, circles extrude into cylinders, etc.
Rectangles have angles.
Rectangles have right angles.
Rectangles indicate the size and ideal locations of areas to be used for nerve counts.
Rectangles outline certain or likely multiple reflections.
Rectangles play the most important role in architecture.
Rectangles refer top chemical processes for conversion and circles refer to products.
Rectangles represent a trading range that pits the bulls against the bears.
Rectangles represent predicted gene models, with blue and green showing relative gene orientation.
Rectangles require moment-resisting connections to be stable.
Rectangles still have all parallel sides.
All rectangles are optional.
All rectangles fall within the borders of the sheet.
All rectangles represent software entities.
Every rectangle is a square.
Most rectangles have angles.
Most rectangles have right angles.
Rectangular arrays are fairly simple.
Rectangular bags are roomy and very comfortable but are bulky.
Rectangular bevels form a border, and seedy crystal fills in the remainder of the panel.
Rectangular blocks are possible.
Some rectangular boxes have glue.
Some rectangular boxes show particles.
Rectangular buttons Open an image.
Rectangular cards are off-set printed.
Rectangular cartons stack easier and use less freezer space.
Rectangular cells are over a leaf vein.
Rectangular chambers become the norm in Australia.
Rectangular containers can be more tightly packed.
Rectangular footings provide bi-axial analysis and design.
Rectangular frames are also available.
Most rectangular gratings have their grooves parallel to the shorter blank dimension.
Rectangular horns are the most common.
Rectangular lenses work best, but oval lenses are also fine.
Rectangular marquees are good for selecting type to kern it.
Rectangular medallions offer a choice of leather strap or neck ribbon.
Rectangular model offers the greatest control and overall rebound action.
Rectangular nets hang from string or frames and are more spacious.
Rectangular objects are lifter devices to help initiate rotation of the hinge.
Rectangular objects have an outline box with eight handles.
Rectangular openings create greater edge.
Rectangular partition is polynomial in two dimensions but NP-complete in three.
Rectangular poles are subject to much heavier wind loading.
Rectangular ponds are easier to manage and seem also to be better for wind and water circulation.
Rectangular projects are often times the most comfortable, useful, and easily built.
Rectangular robots can get jammed into corners or walls.
Rectangular shapes are fairly simple, as are circular ones.
Rectangular shapes is meant by the word 'regular'.
Rectangular shapes joined by lines appear.
Rectangular style takes up less shelf space.
Rectangular tables are available for head tables.
Rectangular tables seem to encourage smaller conversational groupings.
Rectangular tailplane is mounted between booms.
Rectangular tailplane is set near the tip of the tail fin.
Rectangular tubes provide the greatest stiffness of any geometry given the same mass and diameter.
Rectangular windows are standard in all models.
Rectangular wire has a large opening for easy threading.
Rectification is a better way than banning to deal with the issue of Internet cafes.
Rectification is a conversion
Rectification is also available when supplied with control data.
Rectification is based on actual intention.
Rectification is conversions.
Rectification is determination.
Rectification is provided for the output, driver, and input stages.
Rectification is refinings.
Rectification is required every two years and can be obtained during the session.
Rectification varies depending on the exact nature of the problem.
Any rectification can turn ambient electromagnetic energy into a usable signal.
Rectified strings have a more mellow sound.
Rectifier diodes have two contact-terminals, an anode and a cathode.
A rectifier is an electrical device
Rectifiers are devices that convert alternating current to direct current.
Rectifiers are electrical components.
Rectifiers are electrical devices.
Rectifiers are hot pluggable for ease of system expansion.
Rectifiers are made of metals like copper , iron , and silver .
Rectifiers are made of metals like copper, iron, and silver.
Rectifiers are people.
Rectifiers are the most common power source for cathodic protection systems.
Rectifiers provide the DC voltage for the tubes and circuitry.
All rectifiers adjust and balance simultaneously.
Most rectifiers are color-coded to make it easy to hook up.
Most rectifiers utilize one or more semiconductor diodes .
Rectilinear figures are figures bounded by straight lines.
Rectilinear forms are common, usually with horizontal lines.
Rectilinear paneling encases the Norman church.
Rectilinear paths are the most important and, thus, the most studied.
A rectocele is herniation
Rectoceles are diseases.
Rectoceles are probably more common in women after a hysterectomy.
Rectoceles cause a bulge into the bottom wall of the vagina.
Rectoceles happen when the rectum bulges into or out of the vagina.
Rectoceles usually occur as a result of injuries sustained during childbirth.
A rector is a clergyman
Rector has access to Internet.
Rector has yet to throw an interception.
Rector is here.
Rector is survived by a sister and two brothers.
Rector isa leader.
Rector presides at vestry meetings for the first time.
Rectors are similar to university presidents.
Rectors have (part) arms.
Rectors have (part) body substances.
Rectors have (part) cell membranes.
Rectors have (part) cells.
Rectors have (part) corpi.
Rectors have (part) cytoplasm.
Rectors have (part) heads.
Rectors have (part) human bodies.
Rectors have (part) legs.
Rectors have (part) material bodies.
Rectors have (part) necks.
Rectors have (part) nuclei.
Rectors have (part) personality.
Rectors have (part) plasma membranes.
Rectors have (part) sections.
Rectors have (part) vacuoles.
Rectors have a special interest in the growth and development of college students.
Rectors pledge vigilance in 'The First Promise' .
Rectors serve as teachers, counselors, disciplinarians, and friends to the students of their halls.
A rectorate is a position
Rectorate is in Turkistan town.
A rectory is a residence
Rectory is to the right of the church.
Rectovaginal endometriosis has the morphological aspects of adenomyosis.
Rectovaginal exam is normal.
Rectovaginal exam reveals no tenderness or masses, stool is hemoccult negative.
A rectum is a body part
Recta are part of colons.
Recta have (part) anuses.
Recta have (part) corpi.
Rectum isa body part.
Rectums have tumours.
Most recta are part of colons.
Some recta remove water.
Recumbent bicycles have many advantages, and some disadvantages, over standard bicycles.
Recumbent bikes allow one to pedal while leaning back with one's feet out in front.
Recumbent bikes are good for low back problems.
Recumbent bikes are incredibly comfortable.
Recumbent bikes are the serious alternative to the conventional bike.
Recumbent bikes have seats which look like a chair and allow the user to lean back with support.
Most recumbent bikes offer bucket seats and cushioned back support.
Most recumbent designs use a small front, and a large rear wheel.
Recumbent rest unloads the cervical structures.
Recumbent riding is suitable for all ages.
Recumbent seats are large and usually with a very comfortable backrest.
Recumbent seats are larger and more comfortable than a traditional bike.
Recumbent tandems are awesomely comfortable and superior performers as well.
Recumbent tricycles are very rare as it is.
Recumbent tricycles do have their niche.
Recumbent trikes are one of the most exciting types of pedal powered vehicle available today.
Recumbent trikes are particularly good fun.
Recumbent weight is a measure of total body weight and is used to determine level of growth.
Recuperation also seems to improve with subsequent gains in strength.
Recuperation comes through mental relaxation and a change in scenery.
Recuperation is a constant danger for anti-capitalist practice.
Recuperation is a healing
Recuperation is key to results.
Recuperation is principally rest.
Recuperation is shorter, usually only several days to a week.
Recuperation is slower and the energy level lower.
Recuperation is somewhat variable and depends on the individual .
Recuperation is the name of the game.
Recuperation is very slow and their vital processes are subnormal.
Recuperation takes patience.
Recuperation takes up to six weeks.
Recuperation tends to be swifter when patients undergo laparoscopy as opposed to standard surgery.
Recuperation usually takes about a week.
Recuperative units are especially applicable to smaller flows and intermittent operations.
Most recurive algorithms have a return value.
Recurrence plot is essentially a graphical representation of a correlation integral.
Recurrence plots are very useful for identifying recurrences in time series data.
Recurrence rate is extremely low.
Recurrence rate is very high.
Recurrence rate tends to increase with higher-grade tumors.
Recurrence rates are high.
Recurrence rates are very high, and scarring can be a problem.
Recurrence rates increase with grade.
Recurrence rates tend to higher in fall and winter months.
A recurrence is repetition
Recurrence can lead to neurologically devastating outcomes.
Recurrence can occur if trauma to the pressure point continues.
Recurrence depends on underlying etiology.
Recurrence following surgery is a major problem and often is the ultimate cause of death.
Recurrence following surgery is possible.
Recurrence following treatment is common.
Recurrence implies a fresh episode of the disorder.
Recurrence is also a major concern.
Recurrence is another possibility.
Recurrence is common after therapy is discontinued.
Recurrence is common and it often flares up in the summer.
Recurrence is common because the fungi can survive indefinitely on the skin.
Recurrence is common with all forms of treatment.
Recurrence is common with attempts to taper the dose of prednisone.
Recurrence is common with both forms.
Recurrence is common, but at puberty, the papillomas usually disappear on their own.
Recurrence is common, but repeated treatment is successful.
Recurrence is common, but the prognosis is good.
Recurrence is common, especially after incomplete removal.
Recurrence is common, especially within the first few months following the initial pneumothorax.
Recurrence is common, even with surgical treatment.
Recurrence is common.
Recurrence is extremely extremely rare.
Recurrence is extremely rare.
Recurrence is extremely uncommon.
Recurrence is fairly common for a pterygium after removal.
Recurrence is fairly common.
Recurrence is fairly usual.
Recurrence is frequent and almost universal.
Recurrence is frequent if local skin care is suboptimal.
Recurrence is frequent in some patients and requires repeat treatment and vigilant surveillance.
Recurrence is frequent, particularly at the proximal interphalangeal joints.
Recurrence is frequent.
Recurrence is good, with two major flushes of bloom.
Recurrence is inevitable.
Recurrence is likely.
Recurrence is more likely after radiosurgery than after microsurgery.
Recurrence is much more widely used.
Recurrence is part of the symptomology.
Recurrence is possible for several years.
Recurrence is possible, but rare.
Recurrence is possible, especially in the first two years following treatment.
Recurrence is pretty common.
Recurrence is rare following pleurectomy.
Recurrence is rare, and, if it occurs, can be treated with further conservative excision.
Recurrence is rare.
Recurrence is sure.
Recurrence is the sounding of memory in air.
Recurrence is thwarted by avoidance of the particular agent.
Recurrence is treated with prompt resection and or experimental or classic chemotherapeutic regimes.
Recurrence is uncommon.
Recurrence is unlikely.
Recurrence is usually milder.
Recurrence is usually quite slow.
Recurrence is usually widespread and prognosis poor despite additional intensive therapy.
Recurrence is very unlikely.
Recurrence refers to a cancer coming back after it has been treated.
Recurrence remains a possibility after treatment.
Recurrence renews the whole cycle of choices about physicians and therapies.
Recurrence varies, anywhere between once every year and once a month.
Recurrences are common after patients discontinue drug treatment.
Recurrences are common and can be triggered by stress, sun exposure, illness, and menstruation.
Recurrences are common and follow a similar course to earlier incidences.
Recurrences are common due to the difficulty of complete surgical excision.
Recurrences are common even with adequate treatment.
Recurrences are common, and the disease can be migratory.
Recurrences are common, and the disease can become chronic.
Recurrences are common, though.
Recurrences are common, unfortunately.
Recurrences are common.
Recurrences are extremely rare.
Recurrences are generally less severe, but deaths have been reported.
Recurrences are individual and vary.
Recurrences are likely to have less severe symptoms.
Recurrences are most common in the os and on the outside margins.
Recurrences are often more severe than the initial incident.
Recurrences are possible.
Recurrences are rare if total removal has been achieved.
Recurrences are rare.
Recurrences are repeats.
Recurrences are sometimes related to emotional, physical or health stresses.
Recurrences are uncommon but have been reported up to the sixth week of life.
Recurrences are uncommon.
Recurrences are usually less severe and of shorter duration than the initial infection.
Recurrences are usually less severe than primary attacks.
Recurrences are usually less severe.
Recurrences are usually responsive to medications.
Recurrences are very common.
Recurrences can and do happen, even for people who have normal immune systems.
Recurrences can cause distressingly painful symptoms.
Recurrences can occur for a variety of reasons, which vary from person to person.
Recurrences can, however, be distressing, inconvenient, and sometimes painful.
Recurrences develop mainly in the case of immature teratomas.
Recurrences do occur.
Recurrences generally are less severe than the initial episode, but deaths have been reported.
Recurrences make herpes even more likely.
Recurrences occur in some patients, generally lasting only a few days, with less severe lesions.
Recurrences occur when the virus inside the nerve cell is re-activated.
Recurrences seem few.
Recurrences seem to become less frequent with age.
Recurrences tend to be less severe than the initial infection.
Recurrences tend to be mild and resolve without sequelae.
Recurrences typically appear in the same site as the initial outbreak.
Recurrence usually is treated with anti-thyroid or iodine.
Recurrences usually develop near the site of the initial infection.
Recurrences usually last between a week and ten days.
Recurrences usually occur in untreated areas.
Most recurrences develop within the first year, making a three-month follow up schedule critical.
Most recurrences happen within the first two years.
Most recurrences occur less than two months after the initial episode.
Most recurrences occur secondary to a post-operative torsion of the fundoplication.
Some recurrences affect only an inch or two of the intestine.
Recurrent abscesses represent a unique problem in selected individuals.
Recurrent apnea is common in preterm infants, particularly at very early gestational ages.
Recurrent attacks are common.
Recurrent attacks are rare.
Recurrent attacks are usually of the same general type.
Recurrent attacks are usually the result of progressive extrusion at the same disc.
Recurrent attacks can lead to chronic arthritis, with severe joint damage.
Recurrent attacks tend to be shorter and less severe.
Recurrent autoimmunity is an important factor in graft failure even in immunosuppressed recipients.
Recurrent bronchi extend out from the air sacs and connect with the parabronchi.
Recurrent cancer is a cancer that returns after treatment.
Recurrent cancer is cancer that has come back after treatment.
Recurrent cancer means the cancer has come back after treatment.
Recurrent cancer means the disease has come back in spite of the initial treatment.
Recurrent cancer means the disease has recurred despite initial treatment.
Recurrent cases have a poorer prognosis.
Recurrent cystitis is found in nuns.
Recurrent disease means that the cancer has come back after it has been treated.
Recurrent disease means the cancer has come back after it has been treated.
Recurrent effusions are common in osteoarthritis of the knee.
Recurrent effusions are common with meniscal tears.
Recurrent erosion is a term applied to sloughing off of the epithelial cells after an injury.
Recurrent erosions are rare.
Recurrent erosions predispose the cornea to infection.
Recurrent fires maintain the buffelgrass.
Recurrent fractures can also occur.
Recurrent fractures can occur.
Recurrent haemorrhages can arise in the vessels of the granulation tissue of the membrane.
Recurrent headaches are a major source of morbidity and represent a significant economic burden.
Recurrent headaches are common but hemiperesis is infrequent.
Recurrent hernias occur at the previous hernia site.
Recurrent infection becomes health problems.
Recurrent infection becomes problems.
Recurrent infection can be troublesome.
Recurrent infection is a common problem with the disease, and it can be serious.
Recurrent infection is usually external and localized to a small area.
Recurrent infection is very common among chronic alcoholics.
Recurrent infections are common.
Recurrent infections are the most common presentation.
Recurrent infections are usually milder.
Recurrent infections are usually much milder than the original episode.
Recurrent infections cause the tissue in the ear canal to become thick and rough.
Recurrent infections is the second big problem.
Recurrent infections require evaluation of urologic abnormalities.
Most recurrent infection becomes health problems.
Most recurrent infection becomes problems.
Some recurrent infections signal anatomical problems that can be corrected surgically.
Recurrent information is in parenthesis.
Recurrent inhibition has a similar effect.
Recurrent inhibition reduces the action potential frequency in alpha motor nerves.
Recurrent lesions are common.
Recurrent luxation can cause lameness.
Recurrent meningitis is typically viral, and it is very rare in cases of bacterial meningitis.
Recurrent menstruation can have serious adverse health consequences.
Recurrent menstruation is unnecessary and can be harmful to the health of women.
Recurrent migraine headaches with vomiting.
Recurrent miscarriage is a known problem.
Recurrent miscarriage is defined as the loss of three or more consecutive pregnancies.
Recurrent miscarriage is defined as three clinically confirmed early pregnancy losses.
Recurrent miscarriage is defined as three consecutive fetal losses.
Recurrent miscarriage is particularly distressing.
Recurrent nerves supply muscles.
Most recurrent nerves supply muscles.
Recurrent outbreaks are generally shorter and milder.
Recurrent outbreaks are milder.
Recurrent paralysis can occur for patients receiving quinidine after vecuronium use.
Recurrent pericarditis is an important complication of pericarditis.
Recurrent pneumonia can occur.
Recurrent pneumonia is a frequent complication.
Recurrent pneumonia is quite common.
Recurrent questions focus on employment, types of income, and noncash benefits.
Recurrent seizures are a big problem.
Recurrent seizures are the major symptom.
Recurrent stroke causes progressively greater impairment and increased likelihood of mortality.
Recurrent strokes Having more than one stroke can mean patients have more problems recovering.
Recurrent surgery is occasionally necessary.
Recurrent themes are battles, hunting, and women.
Recurrent themes are rocks, constructions, and the properties of balance.
Recurrent themes are the spiral, the shell, the helix and the reclining figure.
Recurrent training is required at least once every three years.
Recurrent training is required at least once every two years.
Recurrent training is required twice a year.
Recurrent training is the key to proficiency.
Recurrent tumors are difficult to treat and are more likely to recur.
Recurrent ulcers can lead to complications.
Recurrent users utilize passwords and private keys to obtain and decrypt the data.
Recurrent vomiting can cause permanent loss of tooth enamel and can lead to esophagitis.
A recursion is a formula
Recursion brings a mixed blessing.
Recursion can hide so many subtle bugs.
Recursion can produce a large number of calls.
Recursion can simplify definitions and programming specifications.
Recursion defines Information.
Recursion enables a table expression to refer to itself.
Recursion handles the looping.
Recursion happens when a function calls itself.
Recursion has an additional advantage in being an ancient concept.
Recursion Invoking make from makefiles.
Recursion is a common method used to solve many computer science and mathematics problems.
Recursion is a form of iteration or repitition cause by nested function calls.
Recursion is a good thing.
Recursion is a great deal more confusing than iteration to beginning students.
Recursion is a nice programming trick, but it is easy to get carried away with it.
Recursion is a powerful abstraction mechanism.
Recursion is a powerful operation but it can be dangerous.
Recursion is a powerful programming tool, and any comprehensive programming language allows it.
Recursion is a special kind of iteration .
Recursion is a strong element in functional languages.
Recursion is a tricky subject, but an important and powerful one.
Recursion is a well-known and powerful programming technique, with a wide variety of applications.
Recursion is an extremely useful programming construct, but it can be expensive.
Recursion is an extremely useful technique.
Recursion is at the root of computation since it trades description for time.
Recursion is built in by the fact that both alpha and delta can be a beta.
Recursion is central to many of the topics discussed.
Recursion is currently depth-first only.
Recursion is emphasized with revised coverage in both the text and exercises.
Recursion is emphasized.
Recursion is fundamental in data processing and in system modeling.
Recursion is implemented as a method that calls itself to solve subtasks.
Recursion is inefficient.
Recursion is introduced.
Recursion is limited of course.
Recursion is no great conceptual cost and often adds great power.
Recursion is nothing more than a function that calls itself.
Recursion is of unlimited depth.
Recursion is often simple and elegant, can be efficient, and tends to be underutilized.
Recursion is on, glue off.
Recursion is primary control structure.
Recursion is probably easier than link chasing.
Recursion is supported.
Recursion is the idea of self-reference applied to computer programs.
Recursion is the key element of feedback loops, a basic element of system dynamics.
Recursion is the name given to using the output of an operation as input to the same operation.
Recursion is the only method of repetion.
Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.
Recursion is treated both syntactically and categorically.
Recursion is used extensively.
Recursion is used to allow repetitive execution of code.
Recursion is used to produce nifty pictures.
Recursion is used to step through all intermediate softlinks.
Recursion is very useful, and a very elegant recursive solution is easy to write.
Recursion is very useful, simple and generates compact programs.
Recursion is when a subprogram calls itself to help solve a problem.
Recursion is where a function or procedure can call itself while executing.
Recursion means a function calls itself.
Recursion normaly looks more like the original formula.
Recursion occurs at the last two if statements in the sort procedure.
Recursion Occurs when a function calls itself.
Recursion occurs when a procedure calls itself.
Recursion occurs when a subroutine calls itself.
Recursion presents a problem, since a recursive call has an infinite inline expansion.
Recursion relies on nested function calls to traverse the list.
Recursion See recursion.
Recursion serves as a prime example.
Recursion turns out to be a wonderful technique for dealing with many interesting problems.
Recursions are located in programs.
Recursions are rules.
Every recursive application consumes a list that is shorter than the given one.
Recursive behavior Go forward to Adding files .
Recursive copying can copy entire directories between client and host.
Recursive definition is definition
Recursive definition is one that mentions the thing being defined in the body of the definition.
Recursive deletion means that files in subdirectories are also deleted.
Recursive features are also important in writing operating system components.
Recursive function is used inside translator .
Recursive functions are functions that are dependent on the function preceding it.
Recursive functions are functions that call themselves.
Recursive functions are non-linear.
Recursive functions carry a special icon to clearly show that they are recursive.
Recursive functions store a sequence of computations implicitly.
Recursive functions tend to be much shorter and clearer.
Recursive model considers only unidirectional causal relationships.
Recursive philosophy promises deep blue design theory.
Recursive Procedures Can Count and Find.
Recursive procedures reference themselves.
Recursive procedures require only storage for the return address on the stack.
Recursive programs correspond here to proofs by induction.
Many recursive programs use a common pattern of recursion.
Recursive programming is especially well-suited to parsing nested markup structures.
Recursive queries are like a request issued to a secretary.
Recursive retrieval is a good thing when used properly.
Recursive sequences appear naturally in many contexts and can be studied using technology.
Recursive servers continue to ask additional servers for an answer.
Any recursive tool works fine.
Recursive types are a problem.
Recursive use is ignored.
Recurved bows show on some of the rock pieces.
Recurved ovaries are considered to belong to the more primitive type of ovary.
Recurved teeth are teeth that curve back towards the animal.
A recusal is disqualification
Recusal is a matter within the broad discretion of the trial court.
Recusal is almost unheard of in newsrooms.
Recusal is also necessary to preserve the validity of action taken by the board.
Recusal is thus necessary to maintain public confidence in the integrity of government.
Recusals result in reassignments or equalization.
A recusant is a dissenter
Recusants are to be examined and the most obstinate imprisoned.
Recyclable containers are all free.
Recyclable energy is the only way to secure Taiwan's energy supply.
Recyclable items can provide many of the props and materials to be used in the classroom.
Recyclable items consist of aluminum, glass, paper, rubber, and some petroleum products.
Recyclable material includes paper, glass, plastic, aluminum, and cardboard.
Recyclable material makes up a lot of the garbage.
Recyclable materials are now in a separate area, away from the general waste.
Recyclable materials are valuable resources only when they are clean, dry and free of other garbage.
Recyclable materials placed outside of a drop-off container leave the area unsightly and foul.
Every recyclable material has some problems.
Recyclable paper is to be placed in the blue bins in each midshipmen room.
All recyclable paper is recycled via the blue recycle bins in the labs.
Recyclable rubbish is used as a scoring system.
Recyclable tape is environmentally safe and helps to reduce cost.
Recycle bins are also available.
Recycle bins are bins.
Recycle material is to be placed in the appropriate container.
Recycle materials enter waste.
Most recycle materials enter waste.
Some recycle materials use in production.
Recycle paper contains materials.
Recycle paper contains recycle materials.
Recycle paper has fiber.
Most recycle paper contains materials.
Most recycle paper contains recycle materials.
Most recycle paper has fiber.
Recycle products have benefits.
Recycle products have environmental benefits.
Some recycle steel offers advantage.
Some recycle steel offers economic advantage.
Recycled aluminium is exported, earning hard export currency dollars for the Australian economy.
Recycled aluminum is an indispensable supply source for aluminum producers and fabricators.
Recycled aluminum is used for cans, lawn furniture, foil, airplanes, automobiles, etc.
Recycled aluminum is used for cans.
Recycled aluminum makes up about one-third of America's aluminum supply.
Recycled aluminum uses only a fraction of the electricity required by bauxite smelters.
Recycled asphalt serves as the base course for all paved surface.
Recycled cabinets serve as counters.
Recycled cans are available in three forms.
Recycled cardboard is used to make the core of corrugated cardboard.
Recycled carpet is made with polyester fiber from plastic bottles.
Recycled checks is one example.
Recycled chemicals are available on a first come - first serve basis.
Recycled clippings can return valuable nutrients and organic material to the turfgrass system.
All recycled clothing is pressed and sized and looks brand new.
Recycled commodities are in a unique position.
Recycled filtrate is fed through the filter a second time and the remaining solids are stripped out.
Recycled fish have a hole punched in their left gill plate to denote their rerun status.
Recycled glass breaks into construction.
Recycled glass is broken before being delivered to the manufacturer in order to reduce volume.
Recycled glass is made of cullet, or crushed glass.
Recycled glass is very abrasive.
Recycled glass uses only two thirds the amount of energy needed to make new glass.
Recycled glass uses only two-thirds the energy needed to manufacture glass from scratch.
Most recycled glass comes from glass containers for food, beverages and cosmetics.
Recycled items start over as new items.
Recycled material can result in beautiful beads as well as ugly ones.
Recycled material is important.
Recycled material is used in all steel production.
Recycled material is welcome.
Recycled materials are an essential feedstock for Minnesota manufacturers.
Recycled materials are usually a mix of many different grades of the same basic material.
Recycled materials become creative projects.
Recycled materials can save money by reducing purchase and transportation costs.
Recycled materials can, in some instances, exceed the performance of traditional materials.
Recycled materials compete with virgin materials.
Recycled materials end up as a variety of new products.
Recycled materials have a harder time meeting a strict standard of purity than virgin materials.
Recycled materials speak of past uses and present utilisation.
Some recycled materials are also exempt from the definition of a solid waste.
Recycled mulch is also available for pick up at the site for a very reasonable cost.
Recycled newspaper is good, but expensive.
Recycled newspaper is relatively inexpensive and can be used with most manure management systems.
Recycled oil is a valuable resource that can be burned as an industrial fuel or cleaned and reused.
Recycled oil is used in making passenger car motor oils, diesel engine oils, and other products.
Recycled packaging can give organizational efforts a frugal boost.
Recycled packaging replaces pure wood pulp, and glue is produced from waste and vegetable starch.
Recycled paint can be just as good as new.
Recycled paint is also available from a growing number of retailers.
Recycled paint is another good choice.
Recycled paper can bring in much more revenue per ton.
Recycled paper helps save energy and natural resources.
Recycled paper is a necessary step in resolving the very real waste stream problem.
Recycled paper is an easily renewable resource.
Recycled paper is collected from paper-banks just as it is now.
Recycled paper is collected.
Recycled paper is divided into white, colored, newspapers and cardboard.
Recycled paper is like many things today.
Recycled paper is made to the same standards as paper made from virgin pulp.
Recycled paper is made up of many different types of paper, and rubbish.
Recycled paper is made using a similar process but requires less energy.
Recycled paper is more expensive than regular paper.
Recycled paper is okay.
Recycled paper is paper that contains fibre from waste paper.
Recycled paper is preferred.
Recycled paper is produced in an energy efficient manner.
Recycled paper is the most important material used by paper industry.
Recycled paper is used for most office correspondence.
Recycled paper is used for napkins and for sanitary paper.
Recycled paper is used in our copiers, fax machines and printers.
Recycled paper is used in the classroom for homework, quizzes and handouts.
Recycled paper is used.
Recycled paper is weighed in an unusual manner.
Recycled paper makes up nearly half the raw material for UK newspaper.
Recycled paper saves enormous amounts of water and energy over virgin papermaking processes.
Recycled paper saves trees yet are more expensive.
Recycled paper serves as feed stock for existing and developing 'recycled-paper' mills.
Recycled paper takes less energy, water and toxins to produce than paper made from virgin wood.
Recycled paper uses less energy in manufacture, creates less pollution, and employs more workers.
Some recycled paper is made from wood byproducts, some is made from reused paper.
Recycled parts offer good quality at a great price.
Recycled plastic is among the most durable materials known to man.
Recycled plastic is maintenance-free with no possibility of corrosion or termite infestation.
Recycled plastic is used in scouring pads, fence posts, and paint brushes.
Recycled products are available and affordable.
Recycled products are hard to find.
Recycled products are in limited supply.
Recycled products are inferior in quality.
Recycled products are now available from the neighborhood grocery store to the national retailers.
Recycled products can offer excellent quality.
Recycled products can save money.
Recycled products conserve resources.
Recycled products cost more than their virgin counterparts.
Recycled products cost more.
Recycled products do perform as well as, or better than, products currently used.
Recycled products have the same quality, reliability, and dependability as non-recycled products.
Recycled products have the same quality, reliability, and dependability.
Recycled products pop up in unexpected places.
Recycled products protect our forests and reduce air and water pollution.
Recycled products use less energy to produce, reducing consumer s costs.
Many recycled products are competitive, but some do cost more than unrecycled ones.
Some recycled products are lower in cost than virgin ones.
Recycled pulp is blended with new raw materials to maintain quality.
Most recycled quarterbacks are too old or too brittle.
Recycled steel is as strong and durable as new steel made from iron ore.
Recycled sugar is dissolved into it, and the resulting syrup is called mother liquor .
Recycled timber is more expensive than new timber.
Recycled timber is salvaged from older structures such as large warehouses and port buildings.
Recycled trees can have new life.
Recycled trim refers to the reuse of trim salvaged from building demolition.
Recycled vehicles are the number one source of our national scrap metal supply.
Recycled vinyl can become playground equipment, film and airbubble cushioning.
Recycled vinyl is less expensive than virgin vinyl because it is made from waste.
Recycled waste includes drywall, carpet, wood, metals, and concrete.
Recycled wastes are tax free.
Recycled water is a readily available alternative resource which is unaffected by weather.
Recycled water is competitively priced Recycled water is priced at or below potable rates.
Recycled water is domestic wastewater purified through primary, secondary and tertiary treatment.
Recycled water is extremely clean.
Recycled water is purified from wastewater, so the supply is drought-proof and virtually unlimited.
Recycled water is treated to be safe and free from odor.
Recycled water is used for irrigation, toilet flushing and other non-drinking purposes.
Recycled water is used in thousands of locations nation-wide.
Recycled water is used solely for landscape irrigation.
Recycled windows can mean reuse of salvaged windows or windows of recycled content.
Recycled wood is another promising source of fiber.
Recycled wood is used as a reinforcing filler in thermoset plastics and thermoplastics.
Recycled wood is used for the remainder of the feeder.
Recycled wood is used to repair and make new pallets and wood cartons.
Recycled wood is used to trim out the walls, floors and ceiling.
A recycling bin is a bin
Recycling bins accept glass, metal, plastic, and paper.
Recycling bins are available at no charge to all residents.
Recycling bins are available for unwanted mailbox stuffings.
Recycling bins are available, one per household, at the collection center during business hours.
Recycling bins are bins.
Recycling bins are commonplace.
Recycling bins are free to Sioux City residents.
Recycling bins are free.
Recycling bins are in each classroom, workroom and the office.
Recycling bins are in the bathrooms and the student closet.
Recycling bins are located in desks.
Recycling bins are to be used for aluminum cans and plastic bottles.
Recycling bins means new employees.
Recycling bins ought to be made accessible to students.
Recycling computers is a whole new industry.
Recycling containers are available in classrooms, hallways and offices.
Recycling containers are available near the trash dumpster.
Recycling containers are available on each floor in the garbage rooms.
Recycling containers are easy to find in university housing.
Recycling firms are available who disassemble computers and sell the reclaimed materials.
Recycling of plastics is a troublesome business.
Recycling of wastes can reduce the volume of landfill materials in a significant way.
Recycling of wastes is nonrenewable natural resources.
Recycling paper can help save trees.
Recycling paper creates five times more jobs and it even saves money.
Recycling paper creates five times more jobs than trashing it, and it even saves money.
Recycling paper helps to the numbers of tress harvested every year.
Recycling paper is just one way to preserve trees and forests.
Recycling paper is very easy.
Recycling paper makes sense because it makes our resources go farther.
Recycling paper reduces the number of virgin trees cut down to produce new paper products.
Recycling paper reduces the pressure on our forests for wood pulp, so that less logging is needed.
Recycling paper reduces the pressure on our forests for wood pulps.
Recycling paper reduces the rate of deforestation.
Recycling paper saves energy.
Recycling paper saves trees.
Recycling plastic can save finite oil resources.
Recycling plastic is difficult, but it is done.
Recycling plastic uses only five to ten percent as much energy as manufacturing new plastic.
Recycling plastics is tricky.
Recycling plastics leads to energy savings and helps to conserve the earth's oil reserves.
Recycling stations are available at both picnic areas.
Recycling stations are in each camping area.
A recycling is use
Recycling allows the perfect symmetry between the private and public sectors.
Recycling also allows some communities to reduce waste disposal costs.
Recycling also benefits schools.
Recycling also can provide a source of raw materials that have a monetary value.
Recycling also conserves and protects other natural resources.
Recycling also conserves natural resources and energy.
Recycling also conserves natural resources.
Recycling also conserves resources and reduces waste.
Recycling also creates jobs and whole industries.
Recycling also decreases the use of natural resources and energy.
Recycling also diverts waste from landfills.
Recycling also encourgages individual awareness and responsibility for the refuse product.
Recycling also has aesthetic value, reducing the amount of litter in communities.
Recycling also helps to conserve our natural resources.
Recycling also helps to reduce water and air pollution.
Recycling also includes the recovery of energy from hazardous wastes.
Recycling also produces cleaner leachate, which is cheaper to treat and dispose of.
Recycling also produces income from the sale of recycled materials.
Recycling also prolongs the life of the glassmaking equipment.
Recycling also provides document shredding and solid waste removal.
Recycling also reduces energy consumption and air pollution.
Recycling also reduces manufacturing pollutants and saves energy.
Recycling also reduces material costs.
Recycling also reduces our dependency on foreign oil and mineral imports.
Recycling also reduces pollution risks by keeping materials out of disposal facilities.
Recycling also reduces the amount of natural resources that are mined to produce glass.
Recycling also reduces the reliance upon landfill sites and the burying of rubbish in the ground.
Recycling also reduces unnecessary trash.
Recycling also results in energy savings and reductions in air emissions.
Recycling also saves energy and reduces pollution.
Recycling also saves energy costs and water usage.
Recycling also saves energy.
Recycling also saves natural resources.
Recycling also saves on natural resources.
Recycling also saves resources.
Recycling also saves trees and cuts down on the volume in the landfill.
Recycling also saves trees.
Recycling also takes place outside the bodies of reef organisms.
Recycling are good things.
Recycling are human activities.
Recycling are materials.
Recycling are processes.
Recycling are use.
Recycling avoids the cost of disposing of materials in landfills.
Recycling becomes a burdensome effort when marketing efforts produce massive amounts of packaging.
Recycling begins in the kitchen.
Recycling can also be a source of new jobs and economic development.
Recycling can also earn cash for individuals and organizations who collect recyclables.
Recycling can also help protect the biosphere and sustain humanity by reducing atmospheric carbon.
Recycling can also provide revenues through the sale of collected materials.
Recycling can also reduce air pollution.
Recycling can be a competitive advantage.
Recycling can be a cost-effective way to wastewater.
Recycling can be a real challenge, but it's fun and rewarding.
Recycling can be a rip off.
Recycling can be a significant component of an integrated waste management system.
Recycling can be a sticky business.
Recycling can be an effective way to reduce costs associated with solid waste disposal.
Recycling can be an important means of ensuring ecological sustainability.
Recycling can be an important part of such efforts.
Recycling can be as good for the bottom line as it is for the environment.
Recycling can be good business.
Recycling can be highly cost-effective compared to traditional refuse collection and disposal.
Recycling can be lots of fun.
Recycling can be part of a comprehensive pollution prevention program.
Recycling can be profitable.
Recycling can be very simple.
Recycling can contribute to an improvement in our balance of payments.
Recycling can create jobs, cut pollution, save natural resources and save energy.
Recycling can create jobs.
Recycling can give paint a second chance to be used.
Recycling can make a difference.
Recycling CAN make a difference.
Recycling can only have a positive environmental impact if there is a market for recycled goods.
Recycling can pay.
Recycling can provide better overall energy savings than incineration.
Recycling can reduce the amount of material going into landfills.
Recycling can reduce the risk of future financial liability associated with land disposal.
Recycling can reduce the risk of future financial liability associated with Superfund.
Recycling can save money and create jobs.
Recycling can save money for manufacturers and their customers.
Recycling captures a used item before it gets to the landfill.
Recycling causes pollution.
Recycling causes the greatest benefit for the greatest number.
Recycling charges a fee to pick up materials from a departmental site.
Recycling collects reusable material from the waste stream.
Recycling conserve our limited resources.
Recycling conserves natural resources and is one of Michigan's environmental success stories.
Recycling conserves natural resources such as timer, water, and minerals.
Recycling conserves natural resources.
Recycling conserves our natural resources.
Recycling conserves raw materials.
Recycling conserves valuable natural resources, like trees and minerals.
Recycling conserves valuable natural resources.
Recycling continues to be an important issue for the polystyrene industry, as well.
Recycling continues to grow.
Recycling continues to increase, but is being outpaced by the rise in wasting.
Recycling costs a lot of money.
Recycling creates at least ten times more jobs than landfills.
Recycling creates jobs and promotes economic development.
Recycling creates jobs and serves as a catalyst for new enterprises.
Recycling creates jobs, saves valuable resources and is simple to do.
Recycling creates jobs.
Recycling creates less pollution than does production from raw materials.
Recycling creates more jobs than conventional waste disposal methods.
Recycling creates six times as many jobs as other waste management options.
Recycling cuts down on landfill.
Recycling cuts down on waste produced by processing raw materials into usable forms.
Recycling cuts that pollution in half.
Recycling decreases emissions of greenhouse gases that contribute to global climate change.
Recycling does cost money.
Recycling does help to save the homes of all the plants, creatures and humans.
Recycling ensures fewer nutrients are needed overall to support the community.
Recycling extends a product's useful life by years.
Recycling extends the life of our landfill.
Recycling extends the life of our landfills and reduces the consumption of our natural resources.
Recycling extends their lives.
Recycling feels good.
Recycling finally allows the world's bottle-savers to put their bottles to good use.
Recycling Following is a list of recycling requirements by county.
Recycling follows source reduction in our pollution prevention hierarchy.
Recycling Fully utilize materials both in construction and operation.
Recycling generates revenue of close to one-half million dollars per year.
Recycling gives a cereal box many happy returns.
Recycling globally is the first step.
Recycling goes out with the trash, but in a separate container.
Recycling happens much like manufacturing.
Recycling harnesses the nutrients and organic matter present in biosolids.
Recycling has environmental, economic and social advantages.
Recycling has great potential for reducing pollution.
Recycling has many environmental benefits.
Recycling has open-top barrels available for occasional use.
Recycling has so many advantages that help people live a much more comfortable and safe life.
Recycling has the ability to become an effective resource-recovery mechanism.
Recycling helps conserve our limited natural resources utilized in manufacturing products.
Recycling helps curb global warming.
Recycling helps everybody.
Recycling helps extend our natural resources, reduce pollution, and extend limited landfill space.
Recycling helps keep America clean.
Recycling helps keep antifreeze from being improperly dumped into waterways or on land.
Recycling helps keep reusable materials out of our landfills .
Recycling helps keep waste disposal costs low.
Recycling helps out the environment immensely.
Recycling helps preserve our enivironment.
Recycling helps preserve our environment.
Recycling helps preserve raw materials such as wood and metal, and helps to reduce pollution.
Recycling helps protect and expand manufacturing jobs in America.
Recycling helps protect the environment.
Recycling helps sustain the environment for future generations.
Recycling helps the environment by reducing waste going to landfill and incineration.
Recycling helps the environment in a number of ways.
Recycling helps the environment, and used materials get made into lots of neat products.
Recycling helps to avoid disposal costs.
Recycling helps to conserve natural resources, reduce litter and save landfill space.
Recycling helps to generate new industries and in turn help stimulate the economy.
Recycling includes buying recycled Minnesota residents are great recyclers.
Recycling includes the recovery of energy from hazardous waste.
Recycling introduces a further real difficulty into the calculations.
Recycling involves creating new products out of old ones, treating waste as a resource.
Recycling involves producing new commodities out of discarded materials.
Recycling is a big part of the program.
Recycling is a big word.
Recycling is a bigger industry than agriculture in Wisconsin.
Recycling is a burden on families.
Recycling is a business just like any other.
Recycling is a business.
Recycling is a choice for everyone.
Recycling is a community responsibility and requires community effort.
Recycling is a continuous loop.
Recycling is a crucial part of sustainable living and Swedes take it very seriously.
Recycling is a distinctive program where the entire community works together for a common cause.
Recycling is a favored option over disposal for ethylene glycol.
Recycling is a good alternative if there is a market for the material.
Recycling is a good business decision.
Recycling is a good example.
Recycling is a good idea, and it ought to be done.
Recycling is a good spiritual thing to do.
Recycling is a good thing to do.
Recycling is a good thing, but it is a way to deal with waste after it has been created.
Recycling is a good thing.
Recycling is a great place to start caring about the environment.
Recycling is a great way to keep the Earth clean and learn what trash is all about.
Recycling is a great way to reduce waste, but the process still requires personnel and resources.
Recycling is a growing industry.
Recycling is a law, a law of nature.
Recycling is a loop.
Recycling is a loop-buying recycled is an essential part of it.
Recycling is a lot of garbage.
Recycling is a major element of the city's forestry efforts.
Recycling is a major item in the Town, both curbside as well as at our leaf drop-off plant.
Recycling is a major part of efforts to protect the environment by reducing waste disposal.
Recycling is a mantra at the Country Fair.
Recycling is a mitzvah.
Recycling is a multifaceted issue of reducing, pre-cycling, reusing, recycling and rebuying.
Recycling is a nearly effortless way to make an impact on Earth s health.
Recycling is a permanent part of our democratic landscape.
Recycling is a preferable solution for waste solvents.
Recycling is a prime example.
Recycling is a priority, and residents take pride in separating their rubbish.
Recycling is a priority.
Recycling is a safer, more environmentally sound option.
Recycling is a solution for the situation, or the refusal of burying products that are dangerous.
Recycling is a sound economic and environmental practice.
Recycling is a state mandate.
Recycling is a system necessary for environmental sustainability.
Recycling is a system of collecting, processing, and remanufacturing materials into new products.
Recycling is a terrific idea.
Recycling is a three step process.
Recycling is a three-step process.
Recycling is a township service at a cost to each household.
Recycling is a valid waste management strategy for high-volume disposable goods.
Recycling is a vital component in ensuring environment health for generations to come.
Recycling is a waste of time and energy and has little benefit to students or the environment.
Recycling is a way of keeping the energy in the network.
Recycling is a way of life and a state of mind.
Recycling is a way of life for some.
Recycling is a way of life.
Recycling is a way of preserving our natural resources.
Recycling is a way that everyone can share in preserving the environment.
Recycling is a way to save the Earth's natural resources.
Recycling is a wonderful example of a very successful collective action.
Recycling is about showing community spirit.
Recycling is accomplished in several ways.
Recycling is again a way of life for Wisconsin residents.
Recycling is almost non-existent, except for metal cans.
Recycling is already an integral part of the insulation product market.
Recycling is already prevalent throughout the university.
Recycling is also a source, mostly from scrapped catalytic converters.
Recycling is also available at a variety of drop-off locations throughout Grand Traverse County.
Recycling is also available in most apartment buildings.
Recycling is also available.
Recycling is also beneficial economically.
Recycling is also good for the environment.
Recycling is also important in reducing waste.
Recycling is also more economical as it needs less capital.
Recycling is also responsible business citizenship.
Recycling is also very important.
Recycling is also very much an economic success story.
Recycling is an accepted and encouraged activity.
Recycling is an additional service at the customers choice.
Recycling is an age-old process.
Recycling is an ancient practice in the Arctic.
Recycling is an easy enough endeavor that anyone can do it on a daily basis.
Recycling is an easy task that provides immediate results with long-lasting benefits.
Recycling is an easy way to make an impact.
Recycling is an easy, effective and essential way to do that.
Recycling is an effective way of reducing our reliance on landfills.
Recycling is an effective way to manage waste materials once they have been generated.
Recycling is an effective way to reduce waste, raise funds and clean the environment.
Recycling is an environmental issue.
Recycling is an every day way to save the environment for our children.
Recycling is an excellent way of handling some hazardous wastes.
Recycling is an extremely effective means of lowering the waste problems in the world.
Recycling is an ideal solution to get higher competiveness through ecological responsibility.
Recycling is an important part of keeping our environment clean.
Recycling is an important part of our business strategy.
Recycling is an important strategy in minimizing waste.
Recycling is an important tool in preserving our natural resources for future generations.
Recycling is an important waste management tool for a number of reasons.
Recycling is an increasingly important part of the business world.
Recycling is an obvious solution to some of the waste.
Recycling is another area in which a wide variety of industries can save energy.
Recycling is another local industry that is covered, including the Lake Superior Recycling Industry.
Recycling is another popular strategy for reducing packaging waste.
Recycling is another step that can be easily taken.
Recycling is asuccessful example of people taking control.
Recycling is available at both picnic areas.
Recycling is available for oil, batteries, plastic, glass, and cans.
Recycling is available in all campus buildings and at several off-campus facilities.
Recycling is available in most communities.
Recycling is available to apartments, condominiums, townhouses, and mobile home parks.
Recycling is beneficial when natural resources are truly saved.
Recycling is both environmentally and economically sound.
Recycling is by drop-off.
Recycling is by far the strongest area of campus environmental reform.
Recycling is by no means the only source of environmental jobs.
Recycling is cheap, and it is easy, and the benefits of recycling are immeasurable.
Recycling is collected at curbside weekly, along with a recycling center drop-off location.
Recycling is collected every other week .
Recycling is collected every other week at curbside.
Recycling is collected every other week on the same day as garbage.
Recycling is collected every other week.
Recycling is collected free of charge.
Recycling is collected the second pick-up day of the week.
Recycling is complete.
Recycling is costly and labor intensive.
Recycling is definitely a good example of how to reduce the amount of garbage.
Recycling is desirable for convenience sake as well as for conservation purposes.
Recycling is difficult to do economically.
Recycling is discussed as a usable alternative method for both cities and counties.
Recycling is discussed in detail as an effective method to handle solid waste.
Recycling is done as needed.
Recycling is easier than ever.
Recycling is easier to do because of curbside pickup.
Recycling is easier.
Recycling is easy and more convenient with curbside service.
Recycling is easy to do and it is the law .
Recycling is easy, and it's rewarding.
Recycling is easy, ecological, and economical.
Recycling is easy.
Recycling is encouraged for oil, metal, and batteries.
Recycling is encouraged, to say the least.
Recycling is encouraged.
Recycling is environmentally sound and is a significant revenue generator.
Recycling is essential for the environment and all the little creatures that live in it.
Recycling is essential.
Recycling is every individual's responsibility.
Recycling is every other week the day before trash pick up.
Recycling is everybody's business.
Recycling is everyone's promise for the future of our planet.
Recycling is everyone's responsibility.
Recycling is far from the best way to reduce the amount of waste put into landfills.
Recycling is far more important that most people are inclined to believe.
Recycling is free with annual permit.
Recycling is free.
Recycling is frequently more trouble than it's worth, and quite often downright counterproductive.
Recycling is front and center in every issue of the township's quarterly newsletter.
Recycling is fun and good for the environment.
Recycling is garbage.
Recycling is good for Minnesota's economy, too.
Recycling is good for the earth and satisfying for the soul.
Recycling is good for the environment because it reuses our natural resources.
Recycling is good for the environment.
Recycling is good news for the environment.
Recycling is good, but reusable is better.
Recycling is good.
Recycling is hugely important, but it has zero science-fictional thrill.
Recycling is implemented in the U of M Housing Division.
Recycling is important because fewer raw materials are used and natural resources are saved.
Recycling is important because many materials take hundreds of years to degrade.
Recycling is important for a variety or reasons.
Recycling is important for many reasons.
Recycling is important for the environment.
Recycling is important, but it has limits.
Recycling is important.
Recycling is just a small portion of their job.
Recycling is just one aspect of a very complex and inter-related issue.
Recycling is just one component of sustainability.
Recycling is just one important remedy for the garbage problem.
Recycling is just one of three very important factors to consider.
Recycling is just one way to cut wastes.
Recycling is just one way to reduce wastes.
Recycling is key and nothing can be wasted.
Recycling is lots of fun.
Recycling is mandatory for all persons using the facility.
Recycling is mandatory in all halls.
Recycling is mandatory in Bloomington.
Recycling is mandatory in Jefferson County and in the City of Watertown.
Recycling is mandatory in Snow Hill and Berlin .
Recycling is mandatory in Stone Harbor as it is in all of New Jersey.
Recycling is mandatory in the borough.
Recycling is mandatory in the State of Wisconsin.
Recycling is mandatory in West Hollywood.
Recycling is mandatory.
Recycling is more expensive than landfilling.
Recycling is more expensive than trash collection and disposal.
Recycling is more likely if it can be accomplished in a neat convenient manner.
Recycling is more than just a good idea.
Recycling is more than the separation and collection of materials and products.
Recycling is necessary because our country has serious landfill problems.
Recycling is no big deal to folks there.
Recycling is no different.
Recycling is no exception.
Recycling is non-existent.
Recycling is now available in all areas of the city.
Recycling is now second nature to almost everyone in Pennsylvania.
Recycling is now the only proper and legal method of disposal for used motor oil and filters.
Recycling is off the radar screen in the political arena.
Recycling is often a fiscally responsible decision for businesses.
Recycling is often a good idea.
Recycling is often a very selective process.
Recycling is often the first thing that comes to mind when speaking of alternatives to disposal.
Recycling is old news in the pulp and paper industry.
Recycling is on a voluntary basis at the moment for paper and plastic.
Recycling is on the second rung of the solid waste hierarchy.
Recycling is one answer to plastic waste, but refilling an existing container is an excellent idea.
Recycling is one important remedy for the garbage problem.
Recycling is one important way to conserve precious natural resources.
Recycling is one method of reducing our solid waste going to landfill.
Recycling is one of many strategies for changing how businesses create value from resources.
Recycling is one of the answers, the cures to water pollution.
Recycling is one of the best ways to cut down on the amount of waste that goes unused in our world.
Recycling is one of the changes.
Recycling is one of the easiest ways for regular folks to do something to help save the Earth.
Recycling is one of the most basic ways to have a positive impact on the waste stream.
Recycling is one of the ways to solve the waste problem.
Recycling is one solution .
Recycling is one way that people can help conserve, or save, our natural resources.
Recycling is one way to divert waste from disposal.
Recycling is one way to manage waste.
Recycling is one way to reduce municipal waste.
Recycling is one way to reduce trash, but an even better way is to use less stuff.
Recycling is one way to reduce waste.
Recycling is only effective if there is a use for the products that are collected and reprocessed.
Recycling is only one of several ways to manage solid waste effectively.
Recycling is only part of the environmental equation.
Recycling is only part of the solution toward more sustainable paper production.
Recycling is our middle name.
Recycling is part of our art.
Recycling is part of the game plan.
Recycling is picked up at a central location in all buildings processed and sold.
Recycling is picked up curb side.
Recycling is picked up once a week.
Recycling is popular and so too is composting.
Recycling is popular feature material for print and television media.
Recycling is popular for the Sydney Olympics.
Recycling is popular.
Recycling is preferred because it cuts waste.
Recycling is promoted as well as all other forms of environmental conservation on the popular level.
Recycling is provided in most areas by the county and is free of charge.
Recycling is reactive.
Recycling is recommended.
Recycling is relatively constant and with little surprises.
Recycling is re-processing used materials to create new items.
Recycling is responsible resource management.
Recycling is shown to update and expand the dataset created for the analysis.
Recycling is simple and it feels good.
Recycling is simply common sense.
Recycling is simply the process of reusing the items from which utility can still be derived.
Recycling is so popular that homeowners are willing to pay for it.
Recycling is something that everyone can do in one way or another.
Recycling is something that goes on at the drycleaners.
Recycling is something that really can make a difference in our state.
Recycling is sometimes a synonym for reusing, especially reusing things in new ways.
Recycling is still nascent in the world, as are environment-friendly products.
Recycling is still the most viable method to solve the problem of what to do with waste materials.
Recycling is stressed in our offices as well as factories.
Recycling is taken seriously.
Recycling is the best management option for containers.
Recycling is the best option from both an economic and environmental standpoint.
Recycling is the best way to dispose of an empty household aerosol container.
Recycling is the collection and reprocessing of materials into new, usable products.
Recycling is the community's business.
Recycling is the concern of the total Occidental community, with the students leading the way.
Recycling is the environmental area where most airlines start.
Recycling is the first step.
Recycling is the focus.
Recycling is the law in Philadelphia.
Recycling is the law.
Recycling is the least desirable option.
Recycling is the main architectural theme.
Recycling is the most common form of paper preservation.
Recycling is the most expensive of all three R's because it involves technology and labour.
Recycling is the most proper way of disposal.
Recycling is the next best approach to reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Recycling is the norm.
Recycling is the only legal method of disposal.
Recycling is the only solution.
Recycling is the preferred method of destruction.
Recycling is the process by which a material is retrieved from a product that is no longer used.
Recycling is the process by which particles are returned to a plasma.
Recycling is the process in which waste is returned to raw material and made into new products.
Recycling is the process of making new products out of used materials.
Recycling is the process of repeatedly putting materials through the consumption process.
Recycling is the process which reduces the waste on our planet.
Recycling is the processing of an existing item into a raw material for use in a new product.
Recycling is the recovery of the toxic chemical such that it is made available for further use.
Recycling is the reuse of material.
Recycling is the right economic and environmental choice.
Recycling is the right thing to do, but it's a matter of cost.
Recycling is the second level of waste management.
Recycling is the second priority of mercury pollution prevention.
Recycling is the solution to the problems caused by throw-away products.
Recycling is the third of the three Rs.
Recycling is the third option in the waste management hierarchy.
Recycling is the use of recovered materials in the manufacturing of a product.
Recycling is the way of the future.
Recycling is truly a cause in which every individual makes a great difference.
Recycling is underway in some of the married student apartments.
Recycling is unlimited.
Recycling is unwieldy for hotels.
Recycling is used to ensure maximum extraction.
Recycling is usually the renter's responsibility.
Recycling is very important and buying recycled products is good.
Recycling is very labor intensive and takes an extremely large amount of manpower.
Recycling is vital for our environment and for our pocketbooks.
Recycling is voluntary.
Recycling is yet another issue facing our watersheds.
Recycling keeps cans, bottles, paper and plastic out of our already full landfills.
Recycling keeps millions of scrap tires out of landfills each year.
Recycling keeps our environment clean, protects our natural resources, and saves tax dollars.
Recycling keeps our world clean.
Recycling keeps trash out of incinerators and reduces emissions associated with burning solid waste.
Recycling keeps waste out of landfills and saves natural resources, energy and water.
Recycling Learn how products get to market through mining, milling and refining raw materials.
Recycling lowers our demands for raw resources.
Recycling lowers the use of toxic chemicals.
Recycling makes a world of difference.
Recycling makes environmental as well as economic sense.
Recycling makes good common sense.
Recycling makes good economic and environmental sense.
Recycling makes good economic sense.
Recycling makes it possible to see images in a new way.
Recycling makes more sense for some materials than others.
Recycling makes sense and is popular among constituents.
Recycling makes sense.
Recycling means cleaning the potential waste so that the product is usable again.
Recycling means giving a new cycle of life to a product.
Recycling means less water used, so contaminants are less likely to be drawn to wells.
Recycling means making something new out of something that's already been used.
Recycling means more material to collect.
Recycling means reusing things.
Recycling means that the coolant has to be cleaned and reused.
Recycling means to extract the refrigerant from an appliance and clean the refrigerant for reuse.
Recycling means to use, reuse, or reclaim a material.
Recycling means turning used products into new.
Recycling needs a market for the materials collected to work.
Recycling needs coordination between government and private industry.
Recycling occurs company-wide.
Recycling occurs in the service shop.
Recycling occurs on trash pickup day.
Recycling plays an important role in that process.
Recycling preserves our present resources for the sake of future generations.
Recycling preserves the environment, reduces energy consumption, and protects our natural resources.
Recycling preserves valuable resources, protects the environment, and reduces costs.
Recycling prevents pollution and helps conserve precious natural resources.
Recycling prevents the depletion of valuable natural resources.
Recycling previously developed land represents sustainable use of the land.
Recycling produces the least damage to the environment whilst yielding maximum economic advantage.
Recycling promotes the use of materials for some other beneficial purpose.
Recycling protects another endangered species landfills.
Recycling protects the environment while creating jobs and competitive manufacturing industries.
Recycling protects wildlife habitat and biodiversity.
Recycling provides a raw material they can use to start their own industry.
Recycling provides a valuable public service.
Recycling provides easily obtainable manufacturing feedstock.
Recycling provides intuitive way to handle usual pattern-looping methods in many musical styles.
Recycling really helps the planet, When recycling starts, there is no way to stop it.
Recycling reduces air and water pollution because the recycling process requires less energy.
Recycling reduces greenhouse gases that cause global warming.
Recycling reduces household trash and preserves our landfills.
Recycling reduces our demand on natural resources.
Recycling reduces our reliance on landfills and incinerators.
Recycling reduces pollution and conserves a nonrenewable resource.
Recycling reduces pollution by decreasing the amount of trash that is burned or buried.
Recycling reduces potential environmental damage.
Recycling reduces solid waste and saves resources.
Recycling reduces the amount of garbage produced.
Recycling reduces the consumption of virgin materials, and saves energy and landfill space.
Recycling reduces the cost of disposal and saves on landfill space.
Recycling reduces the litter problem.
Recycling reduces the risks of air and water pollution from manufacturing processes.
Recycling reduces water pollution.
Recycling refers to the process by which waste is remanufactured into a new product.
Recycling removes a substance from a waste and returns it to productive use.
Recycling requires education of the community to participate.
Recycling requires more energy than does producing goods from virgin material.
Recycling requires much less energy and therefore helps to preserve natural resources.
Recycling resembles also the course of life.
Recycling returns a modified item into service again.
Recycling saves clean air and clean water.
Recycling saves clean air and water.
Recycling saves energy - lots of it.
Recycling saves energy and cuts down on the amount of methane emitted from landfills.
Recycling saves energy and natural resources by reusing materials.
Recycling saves energy and natural resources, creates jobs and saves landfill space.
Recycling saves energy and raw materials, and reduces pollution.
Recycling saves energy as well.
Recycling saves energy reducing our dependence on fossil fuels such as coal and oil.
Recycling saves energy, conserves natural resources and helps protect the environment.
Recycling saves energy, materials and landfill space.
Recycling saves energy, natural resources and landfill space.
Recycling saves energy, reduces air and water pollution and limits mining and manufacturing waste.
Recycling saves energy, resources, and landfill space.
Recycling saves energy, therefore reducing acid rain, air pollution, and global warming.
Recycling saves energy, thus reducing acid rain, global warming and air pollution.
Recycling saves energy.
Recycling saves landfill space, conserves resource, saves energy and saves water.
Recycling saves landfill space.
Recycling saves large amounts of energy.
Recycling saves money and creates jobs.
Recycling saves money and protects the environment.
Recycling saves money, and it protects our environment.
Recycling saves money, energy, raw materials and land space, while also reducing pollution.
Recycling saves money, energy, trees and landfill space.
Recycling saves money, landfill space and helps conserve our natural resources.
Recycling saves money, trees, water and energy.
Recycling saves money.
Recycling saves natural and non-renewable resources.
Recycling saves natural resources and euts the energy needed to make new products.
Recycling saves natural resources.
Recycling saves ratepayers money and is good for the environment.
Recycling saves Recycling saves money and resources.
Recycling saves resources and energy.
Recycling saves resources and reduces pollution.
Recycling saves resources, energy and landfill space and reduces air and water pollution.
Recycling saves resources, energy, money and is good business.
Recycling saves resources.
Recycling saves space in our landfill.
Recycling saves space.
Recycling saves the environment for everyone.
Recycling saves valuable landfill space.
Recycling saves valuable raw materials, and cuts down waste collection and disposal costs.
Recycling saves valuable resources.
Recycling stems the flow of water pollution.
Recycling still involves a fair amount of blindness to the whole process.
Recycling still is picked up at the curb.
Recycling substantially reduces greenhouse gas emissions.
Recycling takes discipline and an ability to follow rules.
Recycling takes energy, materials, money and time.
Recycling takes less energy than making something new.
Recycling takes many forms throughout the company.
Recycling takes more far-reaching thinking.
Recycling takes on a new meaning in the hands of certain legislators.
Recycling takes only a few minutes a day.
Recycling takes place at local stores and at company headquarters.
Recycling takes trash and processes it in some way to make a useful product.
Recycling Taking care of our environment is a very important thing.
Recycling truly is everybody's business.
Recycling Try to reduce the amount of material thrown out by recycling.
Recycling turns garbage into gold by generating other resources of benefit.
Recycling turns waste into resource.
Recycling turns waste materials into valuable resources.
Recycling typically addresses disposable, nondurable products.
Recycling used antifreeze also eliminates generating antifreeze wastes.
Recycling used fluids is recommended.
Recycling used motor oil decreases our dependency on natural resources and conserves energy.
Recycling used motor oil is easy.
Recycling used oil extends the life of a non-renewable natural resource.
Recycling used oil is good for the environment and the economy.
Recycling uses less energy.
Recycling uses no pesticides and responsibly uses our resources.
Recycling wastes time.
Recycling works through a partnership.
Recycling often makes sense, but mandatory recycling is usually a mistake.
Recycling often saves energy and natural resources.
Recycling sometimes requires chemicals to clean and reprocess materials for use.
Recycling usually requires less refining than raw materials.
Recycling usually uses less energy than manufacturing from virgin material.
All recycling is accomplished safely, reliably and with the utmost care for the environment.
All recycling is extremely site-specific.
All recycling needs to be encouraged.
More recycling means less waste, which saves money, time, and earth resources.
Red accents are always desirable.
Red admirals are migratory butterflies.
A red alder is a tree
Red alder grows in both pure and mixed stands.
Red alder grows in climates varying from humid to superhumid.
Red alder has a number of foliage and catkin diseases, but none are economically important.
Red alder has the additional benefit of being able to fix nitrogen.
Red alder is a good candidate for such an interim species.
Red alder is also an important source of firewood.
Red alder is an early seral species.
Red alder is an important source of pulp for paper products.
Red alder is common both on the banks of the stream and in the immediate area.
Red alder represents an under-utilized timber resource.
Red alders are alders.
Some red alders have growth.
Some red alders have height growth.
Some red alders have indeterminate growth.
Red ales are currently the most popular style beer being brewed by homebrewers.
A red alert is a state
Red alert means an eruption within hours or days.
Red alert remains in force for the Pacific area.
Red alga is a major problem, causing bark splitting and dieback of branches.
Red algas find in deep water.
Red algas find in water.
Red algas grow in water.
Some red algas have commercial applications.
Some red algas have many applications.
Red algae absorb red light and therefore live in shallow water.
Red algae are a traditional part of oriental cuisine.
Red algae are edible and a source of food.
Red algae are found in most shallow-water marine environments.
Red algae are haplo-diplonts with a complicated life cycle that often involves three phases.
Red algae are important as a source of commercial agar.
Red algae are less common along the coast of California but they are present.
Red algae are more important reef formers than are corals.
Red algae are most diverse in the warm ocean waters of the tropics.
Red algae are mostly multicellular marine seaweeds.
Red algae are particularly beautiful when pressed.
Red algae are rich in vitamins and minerals.
Red algae are some of the oldest eukaryotic organisms on the planet.
Red algae are tough customers.
Red algae colors the lake shore.
Red algae grow deeper in the ocean than other algae.
Red algae have many important commercial applications, such as the agar used for culture plates.
Red algae is algae
Red algae is eukaryotes.
Red algae is marketed to treat candida, herpes simplex virus and other chronic ailments.
Red algae is still more abundant and comprises most species of seaweed in the world.
Red algae owe their color to water soluble pigments called phycobilins.
Red algae store their energy as floridean starch.
Red algae stores their food as floridean starch.
Red algae use diverse strategies to reproduce, including fragmentation and spore production.
Many Red algae are Calcerous type algae.
Many red algae are in fact red.
Most red algae are marine, with a few freshwater and terrestrial forms.
Most red algae are multicellular and undergo sexual reproduction unlike some of the other groups.
Most red algae are small and delicate, with a feathery appearance.
Some red algae are eaten by humans.
Some red algae are economically important as providers of food and gels.
Some red algae are important contributors to tropical reefs.
Some red algae have blue as well as green and red pigments.
Red amber is our specialty.
Red ants are on one side and black ants on the other.
Red ants cause damage.
Most red ants cause damage.
Some red ants live in fields.
Red apples are a common gift.
Red apples are a good choice for trap bait.
Red apples look especially nice.
Red area illustrates a buffer strip around the active head of an infestation.
Red area indicates highest strength.
Red area is the surrounding rock, which consists mostly of minerals rich in magnesium and iron.
Red area show greatest dollar payment amounts.
Red areas are areas of high radar reflectivity.
Red areas are brighter surfaces.
Red areas are concession stands and the yellow areas are restrooms.
Red areas are high and dark blue are low.
Red areas are indicative of healthy vegetation.
Red areas are warmer and blue areas are cooler.
Red areas contain the most life, while the purple areas are nearly empty of life.
Red areas correspond to bare rock and stable agricultural fields.
Red areas correspond to high electron densities and blue-green areas correspond to low densities.
Red areas correspond with permeable soils and surficial outwash.
Red areas delineate the highest stresses while blue areas show the lowest stresses.
Red areas facing north-east are higher fire risk.
Red areas indicate conflicts.
Red areas indicate regions of negative charge while blue regions indicate positive charge.
Red areas indicate sample location.
Red areas indicate the tallest mountains, while safe sections are depicted in green.
Red areas indicate well established records.
Red areas indicate wetlands that have a high capacity to sorb dissolved phosphate.
Red areas indicate wetlands that have a high capacity to sorb micronutrients or heavy metals.
Red areas represent actual land cover change, for example, forest land cover to urban land cover.
Red areas represent floodplain lakes that are isolated at the end of the summer.
Red areas represent regions of high heat retention in the atmosphere.
Red areas represent regions of high magnetic field strength, blue of low.
Red areas show increased blood flow in healthy areas.
Red areas signify areas that are most conducive to mixed-use redevelopment.
Red arrow denotes enhancing solid portion, and yellow arrow cystic portion, of medulloblastoma.
Red arrow denotes the link is password protected.
Red arrow indicates aneurysm and blue one does original artery.
Red arrow indicates blood flow, blue area indicates lung expansion during tidal volume breathing .
Red arrow indicates item to be sold.
Red arrow indicates pharyngeal arch staining.
Red arrow means warm wind.
Red arrow points South to the antenna on the other end of the link.
Red arrow shows current time of war.
Red arrow starts from the origin shows the electric field.
Red arrows are horizontal shortening and black arrows are right-lateral rates.
Red arrows are rotation of the system and black arrows are relative motions of the debris.
Red arrows are slip vectors of recent moderate earthquakes.
Red arrows connect a gene with the upstream genes of network, and blue arrows with downstream genes.
Red arrows depict atomic vibration amplitudes.
Red arrows indicate boundaries.
Red arrows indicate breeding years.
Red arrows indicate compensatory rotation of the entire system.
Red arrows indicate dilated area.
Red arrows indicate flow direction and have length proportional to speed.
Red arrows indicate links to other scenes.
Red arrows indicate nucleophilic attack.
Red arrows indicate start codons within the gene and green lines represent stop codons.
Red arrows indicate the depth-integrated energy flux at each station location.
Red arrows indicate the pit organs whereas black arrows indicate the nostril.
Red arrows indicate the primary defect.
Red arrows indicate the steps where the chromosome number changes.
Red arrows indicate vestiges of the protective village wall.
Red arrows point to intraepithelial lymphocytes which are incidental.
Red arrows point to mitotic figures well above the basal layer of epithelium.
Red arrows point to the lymphocytic infiltrate in which the germinal center is embedded.
Red arrows represent stronger relationships.
Red arrows represent velocity vectors of the gas.
Red arrows run through the winning combinations.
Red arrows show the strength and direction of the forces on an object.
Most red arrows indicate boundaries.
Some red arrows show forces.
Some red arrows show in pictures.
Red arrowhead indicates thyroid gland expression.
Red arrowheads indicate multiple-cell clusters.
Red arrowheads mark single-cell expression domains in segment ectoderm.
Red arrowheads mark the path to the sites.
Red asterisk denotes a required field.
Red asterisks indicate compulsory fields.
Red asterisks indicate required fields.
Red asterisks mark the first nucleotide of each exon.
Red asteroids assault the evergrowing tagents slithering noiselike out of frostbitten tongues.
Red aurora indicates the most intense activity.
Red auroras occur due to the collision between electron particles and oxygen atoms.
Red aventurine is ideal for luck in love.
Red background indicates regulation loss.
Red backgrounds heighten the emotions of the audience.
Red bags are garbage bags found throughout medical and research settings.
Red bags are only to be used for materials which are to be incinerated.
Red bags are steam sterilized using specific tags, which change color.
Red ball counts double throughout the game.
Red ball is deeper in color than shown.
Red ball is placed on the foot spot.
Red balls indicate projects that are already assigned.
All red balls stay down, but the colored balls are respotted immediately after being pocketed.
Some red balls use net.
Red bananas have red skin that turns purplish when ripe.
Red bananas provide an excellent flavor for baking.
Red band spreads out over the coral in the daytime and recedes to a red band at night.
Red bands round the funs.
A red baneberry is a poisonous plant
Red baneberry has attractive foliage and brilliantly beautiful berries.
Red bar can provide a desired comfortable setting for a formal gathering.
Red bar highlights the present value of saturation rms phase.
Red bar represents before session and blue bar represents after session.
Red bars are the forecast.
Red bars depict the sell limit orders.
Red bars indicate declining trends in the price action of the stock.
Red bars indicate fast direction in the upper layer where resolved from the waveform data.
Red bars represent brood from early eggs that reach the adult stage from late summer to mid-fall.
Red bars show periods when that occurred, while blue bars are exit points.
Red baseball caps signal pages.
A red bat is a vespertilionid
Red bats are early fliers in the evening but are much faster in flight than pips.
Red bats are most lucky since the color red is used to ward off evil spirits.
Red bats are solitary roosting bats, only roosting with other bats when the females have young ones.
Red bats cluster in broad leafed trees.
Red bats eat insects.
Red bats emerge early in the evening, and forage over the same areas nightly.
Red bats have short, rounded ears covered with fur.
Red bats live solitary lives, coming together only to mate and migrate.
Red bats roost in trees, shrubs, brush and weeds.
Red bats take from one to three years to mature.
Most red bats eat insects.
A red bay is a laurel
Red Bay is located on the coast of southern Labrador.
Red Bay is the home of much loved champions and couch potatoes.
Red beans are distinctive and savory, good in soups, stews, salads, and particularly with rice.
Red beans are small beans with brownish red skins and a slightly sweet flavor.
Red beauties shine toward one another, shine and blaze.
A red beech is a tree
Red beech is inserted where the attachments of the legs are situated.
Red beech is the dominant species.
Red beers come in the form of both ales and lagers.
Red beet is the common name for beet root sold as food.
Red beets add color to meals making eating more enjoyable.
Red beets are comparatively recent.
Some red beets have cancer.
Red berries adorn a low manzanita- type bush.
Red berries appear in summer.
Red berries appear later which are poisonous.
Red berries appear on spadix in summer and persist into fall.
Red berries are a food source for birds.
Red berries are edible but bitter.
Red berries are evident on a few plants.
Red berries are on Toyon bush.
Red berries are still there, but jasmine takes over the composition.
Red berries attract birds.
Red berries contain seeds.
Red berries fall from bare trees.
Red berries form.
Red berries grow in small clusters.
Red berries have flavour.
Red berries have sour taste.
Red berries have sweet flavour.
Red berries have taste.
Red berries help the body make collagen, the protein needed to keep skin supple, smooth and healthy.
Red berries is fall.
Red berries last through winter and develop on trees that bear pistillate flowers in late spring.
Red berries offer brilliant contrast.
Red berries remain on tree late in fall.
Red berries replace the blooms from midsummer through the winter.
Most red berries contain seeds.
Most red berries have flavour.
Most red berries have sour taste.
Most red berries have sweet flavour.
Some red berries attract attention.
Some red berries provide sustenance.
Red beryl is a rare, deep red variety found in only one place in the world.
Red beryl is a variety of beryl a.
Red beryl is the rarest member of the beryl family.
Red bill is flat and heavy-duty, straight and long.
Red bill is tipped black.
Red birds dot the skies.
Red birds have nest sites.
Red birds have sites.
Most red birds have nest sites.
Most red birds have sites.
Red birthmarks are a vascular type of birthmark.
Red birthmarks can range from tiny, pink dots to large, deep-red marks.
Red blobs are bearish divergence.
Red blocks are undecayed and blue are decayed atoms.
Red blocks block the player while white blocks make it easier to go through the level.
Red blocks indicate times when at least one person has a scheduling conflict.
Red blocks represent the sweets and fats group.
Red blood cell disorder causes pain.
Red blood cellsare tiny,disc-shaped cells that lack a nucleus.
Red blood flows across The brown and gold fallen leaves.
Red blood is colored by energizing winds ever flowing and blowing round the world.
Red blood streams out of the incisions as they work quickly to attach the sled.
Most red blood is salty already.
Red blotch is favored by warm, humid conditions.
All red boats stay on the right side of the river when returning from sea.
Red bone marrowproduces all kinds of blood cells.
Red borscht is popular, as are a variety of goulashes.
Red box is major study region.
Red box is very heavy cardboard.
Red boxes are for recycling clean, empty containers.
Red boxes are incompatible or unavailable options.
Red boxes are Severe weather warning areas.
Red boxes go out on red dates.
Red boxes indicate vertical boxes.
Red boxes means kill zone, green for probable kill, yellow for possible kill.
Some red boxes are fast and some are slow.
Red bracts hold the scarlet flowers that bloom mid to late summer.
Red brass is brass
Red brass is satisfactory.
Red Breast is willing to organize a trip.
Many Red breeders use smut to strengthen the surface color.
Red brick is the most common building material.
Red bricks pave the street.
Red brocket deer inhabit regions.
Red brocket deer select sites.
Red brockets are diurnal, spending most of their active time in dense forests searching for food.
Red brockets have antlers.
Most red brockets have antlers.
Some red brockets are classified as habitat specialists.
Some red brockets are classified as specialists.
Some red brockets have habits.
Some red brockets have spots.
Some red brockets have whitish spots.
Some red brockets select sites.
Red buds open into a deep pink flowers with white inner petals, fading to light pink as it ages.
Red bug approaches.
Some red bulls contain caffeine.
Red bullets donote on-line registration forms.
Red bullets indicate the highest level of relevance, followed by green, blue, gold and black .
Red bullets open another page in the same window.
Red buoys are always even-numbered.
Red buoys indicate the two-metre lines near each goal line.
Red Butte is out of view just to the left.
Red Butte shows how dips and rises in the land can be incorporated into a garden design.
Red button represents receive packets.
Red buttons cause the biggest changes and yellow buttons the smallest.
Red buttons indicate a setup operation.
A red cabbage is a cabbage
Red cabbage contains a chemical that acts as an indicator.
Red cabbage contains a pigment called flavin.
Red cabbage contains the pigment anthocyanin and is used for pickling.
Red cabbage differs only in color.
Red cabbage has almost twice the dietry fibre of regular cabbage.
Red cabbage is different.
Red cabbage is loose-leafed in red to purple hues.
Red cabbages are plants.
Red calyx attracts hummingbirds.
Red camellias symbolize intrinsic worth and white blossoms mean loveliness.
Red candle is cinnamon-scented.
Red candies are for good luck.
Red caps attract attention and keep out the weather.
Red cars are popular targets for thieves.
Red cars are ticket magnets.
Red cards are negative and black cards are positive.
Red cards provide basic information about the main topic of the deck.
All red cards go to the red signed table for small group discussion, blue to another table, etc.
All red cards have a positive value, all black cards have a negative value.
Any red card is a one-point penalty in volleyball.
Red cardinals make cheerful songs.
Red cardinals make songs.
Most red cardinals make cheerful songs.
Most red cardinals make songs.
Some red cardinals perch on chairs.
Some red cardinals sit on fences.
Red carpenter ants cause damage.
A red carpet is a rug
Red carpet is available upon request.
Red carrots contain lycopene, helpful in preventing heart disease and some cancers.
Red catchfly means youthful love in the language of flowers.
Red cedar contains oil.
Red cedar develops a brownish tint in winter and is sometimes used in windbreaks.
Red cedar is a native juniper and is readily available.
Red cedar is adaptable to a variety of wet or dry conditions.
Red cedar is also common in many counties.
Red cedar is cedar.
Red cedar is favored by the carvers.
Red cedar is great for lining chests and is a beautiful wood when used in certain carvings.
Red cedar is juniper
Red cedar is magnificent wood for bending and twisting and resists the water very weel.
Red cedar is often one of the first trees to colonize an abandoned field.
Red cedar is seen in the dry grasslands while red-osier dogwood is found on the damp sites.
Red cedar is the most widespread conifer in eastern North America.
Red cedars are used in making pencils, cigar boxes', chests, trunks, and posts.
Red cedars grow in moist habitats.
Most red cedar contains oil.
Red cells are biconcave discs.
Red cells are important to carry oxygen to keep other cells alive.
Red cells are normocytic to microcytic.
Red cells are often bent and squeezed as they are pushed through the tiny capillaries.
Red cells are resistant to stress and rupture easily.
Red cells are the carriers of oxygen throughout the body.
Red cells are the easiest to replace by transfusion.
Red cells are the first to recover after such exposure.
Red cells are the oxygen carrying cells in blood.
Red cells can form stacks called Rouleaux.
Red cells carry oxygen and are frequently used in the treatment of anemia.
Red cells carry oxygen and are used to treat anemia.
Red cells carry oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body, so they are very important.
Red cells carry oxygen from the lungs to the tissues and remove carbon dioxide.
Red cells carry oxygen.
Red cells contain hemoglobin, a pigment which carries oxygen to the tissues of the body.
Red cells contain iron in the hemoglobin.
Red cells depict new persons and they fade to blue as they get older.
Red cells deteriorate dramatically when stored in the refrigerator.
Red cells have a large nucleus.
Red cells have characteristic appearances according to the specific deficiency.
Red cells lack mitochondria.
Red cells lyse in homozygotes, producing the disease 'sickle cell anemia'.
Red cells pick up oxygen in the lungs.
Red cells transport oxygen to body cells and remove carbon dioxide.
Red center is mesh.
Red centipedes have a nasty bite.
Red channel Drag the point down and to the right.
Red checkers are square and black checkers are round for tactual difference.
Red cherries are ripe when deep red.
Red chert is jasper.
Red chilies are ubiquitous.
Red chips are a moral hazard.
Red cinnabar is used for the pigment vermilion .
Red cinnabar is used for the pigment vermilion.
Red circle is the female, the black star is the male.
Red circle refers to cranberry which symbolizes richness of bogs and swamps.
Red circles are restrictions.
Red circles have little agreement, and yellow ones are marginal.
Red circles identify areas which have warmed.
Red circles indicate incidental sightings of the species.
Red circles indicate which numbers to use.
Red circles refer to many fields of berries.
Red circles refer to the fruit growing.
Red circles represent adatoms on the surface.
Red circles represent increases and blue circles decreases.
Red circles represent protons and blue circles represent neutrons .
Red circles represent protons and blue circles represent neutrons.
Red circles represent sends, and green squares represent receives.
Red circles represent temperature increases, while blue circles represent temperature decreases.
Red circles represent the coverage of the existing nodes.
Red circles represent theoretical intermediate haplotypes.
Red circles represent unfolding events, blue circles represent refolding.
Red circles show the location of the corner studs.
Red circles show the position of the main shock as reported by different agencies.
Red clay is a mineral
Red clay is applied and burnished with smooth stones.
Red clay is clay
Red clay is clay.
Red clay is composed of crushed brick that is spread on top of a natural base.
Red clay is minerals.
Red clay is packed on the roof.
Red clay is used by private and public agencies as a road base.
Red clays are typical of warm and usually tropical climates.
Red clays betray a wealth of iron which made the city of Birmingham an industrial giant.
Red cliffs plunge into whiteness.
Red cloth appears red in sunlight, and red by the illumination of the red light from a neon tube.
Red cloth backstrip over tan paper boards.
Red cloth cover with gilt lettering.
Red cloth cover with paper dust jacket.
Red cloth covers with some rubbing.
Red cloth covers.
Red cloth is used to attach the feathers to the shaft.
Red clothing looks black or dark grey.
Red clouds are even higher than orange clouds.
Red clouds are people.
Red clouds float through grade school classrooms.
Red clover adds nitrogen and dilutes the fescue.
Red clover appears to be allelopathic to corn.
Red clover attracts insects.
Red clover cleans the blood.
Red clover contains every single trace element needed by the glandular system.
Red clover contains polyphenol oxidase enzymes that inhibit protein breakdown in the silo.
Red clover contains significant levels of isoflavones.
Red clover contains vitamin A, vitamin C, B-complex, calcium, chromium, iron and magnesium.
Red clover does best in heavy or silty soils in North Mississippi.
Red clover does best on well-drained soil, but it also tolerates poorly drained soil.
Red clover establishes easily and rapidly, and is very competitive with other species.
Red clover grows better than alfalfa in the acidic soils common in the Midwest.
Red clover grows better than alfalfa in the acidic soils that are common in the Midwest.
Red clover grows in fields in North America and in Europe.
Red clover grows well alone or mixed with other clovers such as crimson.
Red clover has a branched taproot and extensive surface roots.
Red clover has a high isoflavone concentration compared to other plants.
Red clover has a pronounced and deeply penetrating taproot.
Red clover has a weak taproot with many fibrous, side-branching roots.
Red clover has anti-viral and antibiotic properties.
Red clover has enzymes.
Red clover has flowers.
Red clover has proteins.
Red clover has red flowers.
Red clover improves overall health, relaxes the body and helps fight against cancerous growths.
Red clover is a foreign food for humans.
Red clover is a good companion crop for the establishment of reed canarygrass.
Red clover is a good remedy for whooping cough in children and adults.
Red clover is a 'herb' promoted for health.
Red clover is a nutritive alkalising herb that helps break down cysts and adhesions.
Red clover is a plant that contains plant oestrogens.
Red clover is a short-lived perennial and requires a short rotation.
Red clover is a short-lived perennial legume that's a key element in potato rotations.
Red clover is a short-lived perennial, which usually produces two or three hay crops per year.
Red clover is a source of vitamin A and the minerals cobalt and magnesium.
Red clover is a specific for the herbal treatment of ovarian cysts.
Red clover is a third non-native clover that produces white or reddish flowers.
Red clover is a viable option.
Red clover is a wild plant belonging to the legume family.
Red clover is adapted to many different environments.
Red clover is an excellent choice for seeding in grass sods.
Red clover is clover
Red clover is clover.
Red clover is difficult to cure for hay.
Red clover is distributed throughout the United States.
Red clover is easier to establish in small grains than is alfalfa.
Red clover is effective as a pasture legume and for hay.
Red clover is even better.
Red clover is one of the easiest legumes to re-establish in predominantly grass sods.
Red clover is one of the most successful forage species with no-till seeding.
Red clover is prescribed today for the treatment of breast, ovarian and lymphatic cancers.
Red clover is productive for the first two years but tends to thin dramatically in the third year.
Red clover is susceptible throughout the life of the stand.
Red clover is the easiest to establish.
Red clover is the most widely adapted of the true clovers.
Red clover is the most widely used in frost seeding and has proven to be good in establishment.
Red clover is the primary legume used for plowdown in cash crop rotations.
Red clover is the state flower of Vermont.
Red clover is used as fodder for livestock and poultry.
Red clover is used by honey makers to add a mild, sweet taste to their honey.
Red clover is useful in human nutrition as well.
Red clover is usually too competitive at establishment to be included in an alfalfa mixture.
Red clover is well suited for use as a forage legume in short rotations with corn.
Red clover produces biomass.
Red clover requires a high level of fertility for greatest production and longevity.
Red clover requires fertile, well-drained soils.
Red clover stems and leaves are hairy.
Red clover suffers from toxic molds which cause slobbers and photosensitivity.
Red clovers have a characteristic watermark on their leaves and tend to be densely pubescent.
Most red clover attracts insects.
Most red clover has enzymes.
Most red clover has flowers.
Most red clover has proteins.
Most red clover has red flowers.
Most red clover produces biomass.
Some red clover contains enzymes.
Some red clover has drought tolerance.
Some red clover has poor drought tolerance.
Some red clover has poor tolerance.
Some red clover has requirements.
Some red clover has tolerance.
Some red clover helps prevent cancer.
Some red clover helps prevent prostate cancer.
Some red clover requires rotation.
Some red clover requires short rotation.
Red coating is sulfur escaping from Io.
Red collar is mentioned for drivers.
Red colobus are also very selective, and choose the tenderest, most nutritious parts of trees.
Red colobus prefer young leaves that are generally high in protein and highly digestible.
Red colobuses have heads.
Most red colobuses have heads.
Some red colobuses demonstrate ability.
Some red colobuses live in patches.
Some red colobuses live in small patches.
Red color corresponts the maximal value of the velocity, Blue color means the minimal value.
Red color denotes more serious effects, requiring immediate contact with health provider.
RED color describes Serb blood spilled in mentioned battle.
Red color dilutes to gold, just like black color dilutes to gray.
Red color indicates flow in the intact rock, while black represents flow in a fracture zone.
Red color indicates location of the room containing the main computer.
Red color indicates new feature.
Red color indicates potato sites.
Red color indicates warmer, blue color, the cooler temperatures.
Red color intensifies over summer months.
Red color intensifies with colder weather.
Red color is a normal condition.
Red color is blight.
Red color is of course a prime concern.
Red color is used to determine harvest date for strawberries.
Red color reflects the intensive desire of the writer to experience everything.
Red color represents less absorbed X rays, while blue represents absorbed X rays.
Red color show the area with the smallest radius.
Red color shows distribution.
Red color shows the area with the smallest radius.
Red colors appear black under water, helping a fish to go unseen.
Red colors are winds away from the radar and green colors are towards the radar.
Red colors can stimulate warmth, hunger, and excitement.
Red colors correspond to large absolute values, blue colors to small absolute values.
Red colors indicate heavy precipitation, while the more blue colors indicate lighter rain.
Red colors indicate high biodiversity.
Red colors indicate high temperatures, as seen over the African deserts.
Red colors indicate high values and purple colors indicate low values.
Red colors indicate maximum amount of water.
Red colors indicate maximum reflectance.
Red colors indicate regions of increased fire danger.
Red colors indicate regions warmer than normal and blue regions indicate regions cooler than normal.
Red colors indicate smoother surface contours.
Red colors indicate the highest intensity of incoming particles, blue represents the lowest.
Red colors mean more particles and blue colors less.
Red colors represent higher temperatures grading into cooler temperatures with blue colors.
Red colors show areas of new spring growth.
Red colors signify slower velocities and blue signify regions where the seismic velocity is faster.
Most red color shows distribution.
Some red color represents areas.
Red coloring has precedence over blue.
Red coloring is associated with blood.
Red coloring is inherited from the source sediments.
Red colour indicates tensile stress and blue indicates compressive stress.
Red colour is sign of well done .
Red colour is sign of well done.
Red colour means big friction force, green regions are low friction areas.
Red colour signifies the menstrual flow.
Red colour tends to fade in storage.
Red colours indicate stratospheric air.
Red colours represent the fold crests.
Red colours shows structural highs while blue colours structural lows.
Red colouration is produced from carotenoids found in the diet of the fish.
Red columbine can grow in a wide range of habitats from rich woods to rocky cliffs to beach borders.
Red columns are necessary for mailing purpose.
Red contour is the boundary of the Mississippi River Basin.
Red contours are isolines of accumulated precipitation, labeled in hundreths of an inch.
Red contours indicate northerly wind and blue contours indicate southerly wind.
A red coral is a stone
Red coral is the most valuable and has been used in jewelry for thousands of years.
Red coral represents Mars in Vedic astrology and, hence, is hot to warming in influence.
Red cord tassel hangs from handle.
Red corn creates a space of peace and abundance.
Red corundum is called Ruby .
Red corundum is called Ruby.
Red corundum is called the ruby, while all other gem quality forms of corundum are called sapphires.
Red cover has a few moisture stains, but minor.
Red cover is a short lived perennial with good winter hardiness and high shade tolerance.
Red crabs are native to Christmas Island, Australia.
Red crabs eat what they can, eg.
Red crabs live alone in dirt burrow s, or deep rock crevices.
Red crabs live alone in dirt burrows, or deep rock crevices.
Red crabs prefer rocky substrate.
Red crabs prefer substrate.
Red crabs release their eggs during mild or low tides, coinciding with the waning moon.
Red crabs survive in presence.
Most red crabs prefer rocky substrate.
Most red crabs prefer substrate.
Most red crabs survive in presence.
Some red crabs feed on barnacles.
Some red crabs have abdominal flaps.
Some red crabs have flaps.
Some red crabs prefer habitats.
Some red crabs stay in burrows.
Red crawdads crawl through the shallows.
Red Creek contains Colorado River cutthroat trout habitat, a rare trout species.
Red cross learn to swim programs offer swimming lessons from beginners to advanced.
Red crosses show the spectrum after cleaning.
Red cultivars are less red, and yellow cultivars tend to remain green.
Red curbs indicate fire lanes.
Red curbs indicate no-parking zones.
Most red curbs indicate a fire lane or emergency vehicle access route.
A red currant is a currant
Red currants are among the most beautiful of fruits.
Red currants boast soft, green leaves followed by brilliant red clusters of tasty berries.
Red currants produce fruit.
Most red currants produce fruit.
Some red currants show symptoms.
Red curry is really good.
Red curry spices up the peanut sauce.
Red curtains fall in perfect pleats from the committee's curved table.
Red curve corresponds with the best-fit forgetting curve obtained by exponential regression.
Red curve is from the new dyno session, the blue curve from the old session.
Red curve shows the velocity of the object as a function of time.
Red cushions provide comfort on only a few of the short, aging wooden pews.
Red cylinders are segments of petrified logs.
Red dace make eggs in mussel shells.
Red date shows the current date.
Red dates are unavailable.
Red dates indicate teachers only.
Red dates mean writing in class.
A red deer is a deer
Red deer acquire infection.
Red deer are active both day and night, however, activity peaks at dawn and dusk.
Red deer are among mammals exhibiting homosexual behavior .
Red deer are common and herons and otters are to be seen in the river.
Red deer are held in captivity for a variety of reasons.
Red deer are ruminants , characterized by a four-chambered stomach.
Red deer are the most prolific deer species in New Zealand and consequently the heaviest hunted.
Red deer have a reddish brown summer coat, which changes to a drab brown in winter.
Red deer have antlers.
Red deer inhabit regions.
Red deer is another polygamous species in which a few dominant males mate with most of the females.
Red deer select sites.
Red deer sighting are common.
Red deers are deers.
Red deers are mammals.
Most red deer have antlers.
Red delicious is relatively resistant to mildew.
RED design knows how to manage a project.
RED design starts with strong concept.
RED design values the back end as much as the front end.
Red designations identify issues to be avoided now.
Red details are for public courses blue is for semi-private and green is for private club.
Red details are for public courses, blue are for semi-private and green are for private club.
Red details are for public courses, blue is for semi-private and green is for private club.
Red diamond indicates location of dead bird.
Red diamonds are common in areas with little development, especially near rocky outcroppings.
Red diamonds are very rare.
Red disks mean no hunting at all.
Red District has beautiful nude women in sexy nude photos.
Some red dog reviews game cheats competes some reno red dgo for a best rde dog.
Red dogwood has bright red twigs.
Red doors are great for attracting chi providing that works with the decor of the house.
Red dot denotes current viewing site.
Red dot indicates a base deletion.
Red dot is adjustable for ambient light changes.
Red dot is park.
Red dot represents most recent event.
Red dot shows the place of recovery.
Red dots are bad for computers.
Red dots are current station locations included in the database.
Red dots are failed signals.
Red dots are links moving back through the site towards the beginning.
Red dots are s only.
Red dots are sites of previous attachments.
Red dots are where images exist.
Red dots flash randomly, and the player has to touch each one as it lights up.
Red dots indicate a side trail to a point of interest or a particularly scenic vista.
Red dots indicate an LABiker.
Red dots indicate approximate locations of our offices.
Red dots indicate areas discussed in the master plan.
Red dots indicate differences that are unique to the given allele.
Red dots indicate epicenters.
Red dots indicate failures.
Red dots indicate free radicals.
Red dots indicate members.
Red dots indicate the locations of the novae discovered.
Red dots indicate where surveys have taken place.
Red dots mark current pointer positions and white dots mark used positions.
Red dots mark new record lows.
Red dots mark smaller earthquakes.
Red dots represent events occuring in the past month.
Red dots represent Protestant churches and crosses represent Catholic churches.
Red dots represent river points that are in flood.
Red dots represent trouble spots.
Red dots seen on lips can be inflammation.
Red dots show data points schematically.
Red dots show the locations of explosions used to generate seismic waves.
Red dots show the locations of parks and recreation areas.
Red dots show the urbanization of Atlanta and environs in a period of almost two decades.
Red dots signify the location of outdoor emergency phones.
Red dots suggest the existence of a local art market.
Some red dots show locations.
Red dragons are immune to spells below level four.
Red dragons are one of the larger dragon breeds.
Red dragons can cast spells, breath fire and do powerful wing buffs.
Red drapes hang in the windows and several maroon lunch booths line the walls.
Red drops fly off a spinning disc leaving traces tangent to the disc.
Red droplets splotch the page.
A red drum is a bony fish
Red drum are no exception.
Red drum is probably the best example of successful fishery management in Texas marine waters.
Red drums are drums.
Red drums are the largest and noisiest of the fish in the croaker family.
Red dude kill lion.
Red dun is reddish.
Red duns have reddish-brown stripes and body markings.
Red dwarfs are stars.
Red dwarfs are television shows.
Red dwarfs are a stopover on a continuing journey of discovery.
Red dwarfs are of low luminosity but common.
Red dwarfs are real misers at burning hydrogen.
Red dwarfs are the most common of all stars.
Red dwarfs are the most common stars in the galaxy.
Red dwarfs are usually far too faint to be seen with the naked eye, that means without a telescope.
Red dwarfs burn their fuel slowly , so they shine with less light than hot stars .
Red dwarfs burn their fuel slowly, so they shine with less light than hot stars.
Red dwarfs can live trillions of years , much longer than brighter stars .
Red dwarfs can live trillions of years, much longer than brighter stars.
Red dwarfs do everything at a slower rate.
Red dwarfs live longer than any other type of star .
Red dwarfs live longer than any other type of star.
Red dye is sacred.
Red dye moves farther up the paper than green dye.
Red ears nest on or very near the ground and in bushes.
Red earth can be symbolic in two ways.
Red Earth is a book to be treasured.
A red eft is a triton
Red efts glow like embers from the leave litter.
Red eggs are specially dangerous and at high levels of play have special features.
Red elderberry begins vegetative growth early in the growing season.
Red elderberry can be an indicator species for site productivity.
Red elderberry is a bioindicator of ozone pollution.
Red elderberry is moderately flood tolerant.
Red elderberry makes a relatively easy garden plant.
Red elderberry replaces red alder successionally on some sites.
Red ellipses represent data inputs.
Red emperors form schools of similar-sized individual or are solitary.
Red emu is sober.
Red enamel background with inscription on back.
Red enamel is used in the engraved runes in place of the black.
Red entities can radiate with the details of the emission specified by user-supplied data files.
Red entries indicate drop-in office hours for students.
Red entries indicate holidays.
Red envelopes are a tradition of Chinese people.
Red envelopes can slow down processing at the post office.
Red eye frogs survive in habitats.
Red eye frogs survive in natural habitats.
Red eye tree frogs survive in habitats.
Red eye tree frogs survive in natural habitats.
Red eye ceres.
Red eye is a result of light bouncing back at the camera from subjects' retinas.
Red eye is caused by light bouncing off the back of a subject's eyeball directly into the lens.
Red eye is caused by the reflection of the flash on the inside back part of ones eyes.
Red eye occurs when light reflects off of the capillaries in the back of the eye.
Red Eyes are cool.
Red eyes are dominant, and X -linked.
Red eyes cry for help, swallowed something.
Red eyes disappear in a jiffy with the handy red-eye remover.
Red eyes have many causes.
Red eyes have pupils.
Most red eyes have pupils.
Red face is the standard color.
Red faces are commendatory, they mean faithful and brave.
Red faces are highly tolerant to nest inspection.
Red fall leaves.
Red fescue can establish in the lawn quickly while the slower growing bluegrass is forming.
Red fescue can tolerate extremely dry conditions.
Red fescue is a sod former, while chewings fescue and hard fescue are bunch-type grasses.
Red fescue is in the fine fescues category and has narrow deep green blades.
Red fescue is much more tolerant of shade than bluegrass.
Red fescue is the most shade tolerant grass available.
Red fescue occurs in primary succession in several wetland habitats.
Red fescue occurs in subarctic northern Manitoba on the estuary of the Churchill River.
Red fescue provides a dark green, fine-textured lawn and prefers drier soils.
Red fibers predominate in the muscles of the limbs.
Red fibre metabolizes fat directly and has sustained activity and slow contraction.
Red field is two pieces.
Red fields are compulsory.
RED fields are for registered members of Cambria's Best.
Red fields are mandatory.
Red fields are optional.
Red fields are required, green fields are optional.
Red fields are required, others are optional.
Red fields require an entry , including foreign.
Red figures are for changing the train.
Red figures represent data averaged from previous two surveys.
Red files are off line products while blue ones are on line .
Red filters pass red light and absorb cyan.
Red filters tend to increase contrast between foliage and canopy openings.
Red fire commands the highest price, especially if it shows brightly from a dark gray base.
Red fire is fuel
Red Fish are available all year with large one's in numbers during the late summer months.
Red fish are exceptionally hard fighters, too.
Red fish are good on shrimp and shad.
Red fish live in dark waters.
A red flag is an emblem
Red flags abound.
Red flags appear everywhere, armed motor cars dash about.
Red flags are alarm.
Red flags are annoyance.
Red flags are emblems.
Red flags are flags.
Red flags color the gray day on the way back to the hotel.
Red flags fly up when discrepancies in compliance or eligibility occur.
Red flags go up if the chief executive or any other full-time employee is a member.
Red flags go up when bills are received with more codes than are customary.
Red flags indicate dangerous ocean conditions.
Red flags indicate pending trouble.
Red flags indicate that the case has been overruled or reversed.
Red flags lead to audits, which can lead to penalties, and sometimes even jail.
Red flags mean that the beach is closed due to hazardous conditions.
Red flags offer clues in spotting domestic abuse.
Red flags signal potential health risks associated with elevated bacteria counts.
Red flags vary from contact to contact.
Red flags warn swimmers of the dangerous riptides the Gulf can easily cloak.
Any red flags can cause a shipment to be turned back at the port of entry.
Every red flag is up.
Some red flags can also show up at home.
Red flares climb high then fade away as they fall to the ground.
Red flashes show new files.
Red flashers are cheap and effective.
Red flashlights help save our night vision for observing.
Red flowers are on the top of the hummingbird smorgasbord.
Red flowers attract birds as pollinators and have no scent.
Red flowers attract nectar-sucking birds, as everyone with a hummingbird feeder knows.
Red flowers bloom in summer.
Red flowers complement romantic occasions such as weddings and anniversaries.
Red flowers offset by some cream and purple flowers.
Red flowers seem to be distinguished because of their reflection of ultra-violet.
Most red flowers bloom in summer.
Red fluorescence is from the chloroplast which occupies most of the cell.
Red foliage changes to green in summer.
Red font indicates that the score is the total for a number of sub-questions.
Red fonts marks the latest addition to the list.
Red forms are especially attractive to hummingbirds and butterflies.
A red fox is a herb
Red fox are a historically popular commodity in terms of fur harvest and sales.
Red fox are agile and lightly built, with a sharply tapered face and pointed ears.
Red fox are cautious, smart, and posses extraordinary powers of hearing.
Red fox are curious animals, indicating intelligence.
Red fox are extremely adaptable and thrive under a variety of conditions.
Red fox are highly mobile and can cover long distances on a daily basis.
Red fox are host to a wide variety of parasites, both internal and external.
Red fox are known to forage in the morning or at dusk.
Red fox are present in every state except Hawaii.
Red fox are suspicious by nature.
Red fox are very active.
Red fox are very fond of fresh fish.
Red fox are vulnerable to rabies, and rabid animals can infect pets or even man.
Red fox can smell and hear voles moving beneath the snow at a depth of two feet.
Red fox contribute to the overall health of prey species by keeping the prey species controlled.
Red fox has a state wide range in Iowa.
Red fox has exceptional eyesight but their sight responds to the movement.
Red fox have one litter a year.
Red fox is a member of a dog family.
Red fox like to climb up on things in order to get a better view, but they are poor tree climbers.
Red fox tend to be solitary animals, and always hunt alone.
Red foxes are a major threat.
Red foxes are active at night.
Red foxes are actually quite common so who knows.
Red foxes are also native to Europe, Asia, and the Soviet Union.
Red foxes are an important cause of mortality in newly fledged young .
Red foxes are an important cause of mortality in newly fledged young.
Red foxes are generally animals of open land and forest edges.
Red foxes are known for being very clever.
Red foxes are larger in the North than the South because they have adapted to the colder climate.
Red foxes are native to Eurasia and North America, but have spread to many other countries as well.
Red foxes are omnivorous.
Red foxes are opportunistic feeders, eating pretty much anything they can find.
Red foxes are shy, and stay out of view from most human activities.
Red foxes are terrestrial and either nocturnal or crepuscular.
Red foxes are the largest fox species.
Red foxes are very adaptable to a variety of habitat types.
Red foxes are very different than gray foxes which are different than Arctic foxes.
Red foxes are widely adapted animals which are capable of living across a diverse range of habitats.
Red foxes can be very territorial, fighting other foxes that come into their area.
Red foxes can survive in a variety of habitats.
Red foxes carry diseases.
Red foxes catch food.
Red foxes cause nuisances.
Red foxes communicate with each other by leaving urine.
Red foxes eat a wide rage of things including insects, rodents, grass, fruits and, small birds.
Red foxes eat food.
Red foxes eat plant food.
Red foxes eat squirrels.
Red foxes have a characteristic manner of hunting mice.
Red foxes have a varied diet.
Red foxes have callous pads on their toes that sometimes show up in the prints.
Red foxes have claws.
Red foxes have coats.
Red foxes have dens.
Red foxes have environments.
Red foxes have exceptional eyesights.
Red foxes have eyesights.
Red foxes have feet.
Red foxes have few natural predators.
Red foxes have fur coats.
Red foxes have fur.
Red foxes have glands.
Red foxes have impact.
Red foxes have legs.
Red foxes have long coats.
Red foxes have long fur coats.
Red foxes have long legs for running, sharp teeth and strong jaws for chewing meat.
Red foxes have major impact.
Red foxes have natural predators.
Red foxes have noses.
Red foxes have organs.
Red foxes have predators.
Red foxes have red fur.
Red foxes have senses.
Red foxes have silky fur.
Red foxes have skills.
Red foxes have slender and pointed muzzles with white on their upper lip.
Red foxes have sound.
Red foxes have specific organs.
Red foxes have sweet teeth.
Red foxes have teeth.
Red foxes have the reputation of being cunning, but shy.
Red foxes have toes.
Red foxes have whiskers.
Red foxes have years.
Red foxes inhabit regions.
Red foxes live in dens dug into the soil.
Red foxes live in dens.
Red foxes live in regions.
Red foxes mark ranges.
Red foxes mate for life.
Red foxes move over that range looking for food, usually hunting alone.
Red foxes prefer the borders of forest and adjacent open lands.
Red foxes prefer to inhabit a mixture of forest and open fields.
Red foxes produce a single litter each year, typically in the spring.
Red foxes range in color from red to gray but most are a reddish brown color.
Red foxes reach maturity.
Red foxes reach sexual maturity.
Red foxes rely on their superior sense of smell because they have poor eyesight.
Red foxes reproduce sexually.
Red foxes resemble dogs.
Red foxes resemble slender, small dogs, with the head and body typically around two feet long.
Red foxes run through water to cover their scent when being chased.
Red foxes share ancestors.
Red foxes share common ancestors.
Red foxes show a strong preference for certain wild berries and fruits.
Red foxes stalk prey.
Red foxes steal food.
Red foxes tend to be solitary, usually hunting alone.
Red foxes weigh pounds.
Red foxs are foxs.
Red foxs are herbs.
Red foxs are mammals.
Most red foxes carry diseases.
Most red foxes cause nuisances.
Most red foxes die from rabies too quickly to spread the disease to other animals or humans.
Most red foxes eat food.
Most red foxes eat plant food.
Most red foxes eat squirrels.
Most red foxes form monogamous pairs, and both males and females take part in caring for offspring.
Most red foxes have claws.
Most red foxes have coats.
Most red foxes have dens.
Most red foxes have environments.
Most red foxes have exceptional eyesights.
Most red foxes have eyesights.
Most red foxes have feet.
Most red foxes have few natural predators.
Most red foxes have fur coats.
Most red foxes have fur.
Most red foxes have glands.
Most red foxes have impact.
Most red foxes have legs.
Most red foxes have long coats.
Most red foxes have long fur coats.
Most red foxes have major impact.
Most red foxes have natural predators.
Most red foxes have noses.
Most red foxes have organs.
Most red foxes have predators.
Most red foxes have red fur.
Most red foxes have senses.
Most red foxes have silky fur.
Most red foxes have skills.
Most red foxes have sound.
Most red foxes have specific organs.
Most red foxes have sweet teeth.
Most red foxes have teeth.
Most red foxes have toes.
Most red foxes have whiskers.
Most red foxes have years.
Most red foxes inhabit regions.
Most red foxes live in dens.
Most red foxes live in regions.
Most red foxes mate for life.
Most red foxes reach maturity.
Most red foxes reach sexual maturity.
Most red foxes resemble dogs.
Most red foxes share common ancestors.
Most red foxes steal food.
Most red foxes weigh pounds.
Some red foxes become members.
Some red foxes belong to families.
Some red foxes dig own burrows.
Some red foxes have characteristic coloration.
Some red foxes have coloration.
Some red foxes have genetic mutation.
Some red foxes have harmful genetic mutation.
Some red foxes have harmful mutation.
Some red foxes have lips.
Some red foxes have mutation.
Some red foxes have red coloration.
Some red foxes have reputations.
Some red foxes have structures.
Some red foxes have upper lips.
Some red foxes inhabit areas.
Some red foxes kill martens.
Some red foxes move pups.
Some red foxes originate from european red foxes.
Some red foxes originate from foxes.
Some red foxes originate from red foxes.
Some red foxes prey on platypuses.
Some red foxes prey on stoats.
Some red foxes reside in setting.
Some red foxes take advantage.
Red frog is a unique site.
Red frogs survive in habitats.
Red frogs survive in natural habitats.
Most red frogs survive in habitats.
Most red frogs survive in natural habitats.
Some red frogs change color.
Red fruit appears on plants.
Red fruit is eaten by birds.
Red fruit persists into winter providing food for birds.
Red fruit resembles raspberry but is elongated rather than thimble-shaped.
Red fruits are great for shy eaters as reptiles are naturally attracted to the color red.
Red fruits are great for shy eaters as turtles are naturally attracted to the color red.
Red fruits are great for shy eaters as turtles.
Red fruits are more acetous , yellow and orange fruits are sweeter.
Red fruits contain poisonous seeds and are attractive to children.
Red fruits dominate the aroma with nutmeg and earth.
Most red fruit appears on plants.
Some red fruit contains nuts.
Some red fruit stays on trees.
Some red fur covers necks.
Red garnet encourages patience.
Red garnets help circulation to work with new growth and sex drive.
Red genes are all they have to pass on.
A red giant is a star
Red giants are have hydrogen shell burning and eventually helium core burning.
Red giants are huge.
Red giants are large reddish or orange stars which are running out of their nuclear fuel.
Red giants are much larger, more massive, and more diffuse than main sequence stars.
Red giants are remarkable as well.
Red giants are some of the most luminous, and largest stars in the universe.
Red giants are stars.
Red giants are very luminous but rare.
Red giants get their name because they appear to be colored red and they are very large.
Red giants have extremely dense cores and large, diffuse envelopes.
Many red giants are unstable.
Some red giants die quietly.
Some red giants pulsate rhythmically, others flare up in irregular bursts.
Red gills smile in bubbling weeds.
A red ginger is a ginger
Red ginger is a wonderful houseplant.
Red ginseng is produced in Korea and production is closely regulated by that government.
Red ginsengs are the steamed roots.
Red ginsengs support energy, sex drive, and powerful digestion.
Red glasses contain sweet and clear glasses contain unsweetened tea.
Red glimmer reveals most distant galaxy.
Red gorals are one of the seven most valuable species that are being hunted and targeted by humans.
Red granite is an igneous rock composed of quartz and feldspar.
Red grape skins, it turns out, contain a substance called resveratrol.
Red grapes are excellent source of lutein.
Red grapes are the main type of grape harvested here.
Red grapes contain bioflavonoids, powerful antioxidants that work as cancer preventives.
Red grapes form the body and grape stems become legs.
Red grapes have moderate antioxidant power.
Red grapes make pink or white juice or wine.
Red grapes make up only four per cent of the plantings here.
Red grapes produce resveratrol to protect themselves from a potentially deadly fungus.
Most red grapes have colorless juice.
Red grapefruit contains compounds.
Red grapefruit tastes similar to white grapefruit.
Most red grapefruit contains compounds.
Red grouper is brownish with some darker mottling.
Red Groupers are brownish red with blotches on the sides and black dots around the eyes.
Red Groupers are plentiful.
Red guenons feed on plants, insects, and small animals.
Red hair can go more on fire or be watered down with copper tones.
Red hair is a recessive trait.
Red hair is amazing.
Red hair is definitely a plus, but a dye job can always take care of that requirement.
Red hair is made by genes .
Red hair is made by genes.
Red half binding with burgundy marbled paper on boards and endpapers, spine letters gilt, t.e.g.
Red hands show ardour and intensity.
Red hartebeests prefer open woodlands.
Red hartebeests prefer woodlands.
Red heads are the devil.
Red heads are trouble.
Red heads look better naked.
Red headings introduce each book.
Red hearts are symbolic and flowers and chocolates are traditional gifts.
Red helmet gets red 'Pimp Daddy', blue gets blue.
A red herring is diversion
Red herrings abound.
Red herrings are diversion.
Red herrings are fun to include because they make mysteries harder to solve.
Red herrings are herrings.
Red herrings are magazines.
Red hibiscus are a spectacular and common yard bush.
Red hickory is particularly common on southern and western exposures.
Red hickory is probably a hybrid species, a cross of pignut and shagbark hickories.
Red Hill is, perhaps, one of the most petrologically unique obsidians in the Southwest.
Red hind is usually solitary but seasonally aggregates to spawn.
Red houses are still integral to the 'ideal Finnish landscape'.
Red howler monkeys feed on leaves.
Red howler monkeys have prehensile tails.
Red howler monkeys have tails.
Red howlers are found only in neotropical South America.
Some red howlers show differences.
Red huckleberries are one of the first berries to ripen in early summer.
Red huckleberries produce berries.
Red huckleberries provide partial shades.
Red huckleberries provide shades.
Most red huckleberries produce berries.
Most red huckleberries provide partial shades.
Most red huckleberries provide shades.
Some red huckleberries grow on tops.
Red icons depict locations of schools.
Red icons pop up on the right side of the window, which allow for viewing of the major highlights.
More red icons appear depicting locations of places of interest.
Red indication is an unbond at the first skin to core bondline.
Red information indicates that the session is full.
Red ink continues to flow.
Red ink covers everything.
Red ink flows like a river of blood.
Red ink is an amount
Red ink is as indigenous to teaching as unreadable prescriptions to medical doctors.
Red ink is difficult to see.
Red ink is spattered everywhere.
Red ink is standard for numbers and perforation.
Red ink is thenext best color.
Red ink is used to note reasons for rejecting a bid on the summary sheet.
Red ink looks red because it reflects red light and absorbs all the other colors.
RED issues have substantial content available.
Red item have to be different in each search engines.
Red items are necessary for technical assistance.
Red items designate that there is an issue that needs to be resolved prior to shipment.
Most red jasper is worn in strands of beads, often combined with gold and cloisonne enamels.
Red jewels decorate the gold guard.
Red kangaroo is the largest marsupial.
Red kangaroos are famous for their hoppin' style and being the biggest marsupials around.
Red kangaroos are found mostly in the central plains of Australia.
Red kangaroos are found on the flat open plains.
Red kangaroos are found throughout Australia.
Red kangaroos are herbivores and mostly eat plants and grasses.
Red kangaroos are herbivores.
Red kangaroos are mammals.
Red kangaroos are mostly crepuscular and nocturnal, resting in the shade during the day.
Red kangaroos are one of the largest species of marsupial.
Red kangaroos are the top-most sufferers.
Red kangaroos drink water.
Red kangaroos eat diets.
Red kangaroos eat plants.
Red kangaroos have a continuous breeding strategy.
Red kangaroos have a more squared-off snout than other kangaroos.
Red kangaroos have behaviour.
Red kangaroos have breed strategies.
Red kangaroos have most of their offspring during wet periods.
Red kangaroos have strategies.
Red kangaroos live in grassland.
Red kangaroos live in open grassland.
Red kangaroos occupy habitats.
Red kangaroos occur in areas.
Red kangaroos prefer grassland.
Red kangaroos prefer open grassland.
Red kangaroos survive on grass and other vegetation.
Red kangaroos survive on grass.
Red kangaroos vary in the depth of their red colouring.
Most red kangaroos eat diets.
Most red kangaroos eat plants.
Most red kangaroos have behaviour.
Most red kangaroos have strategies.
Most red kangaroos live in grassland.
Most red kangaroos live in open grassland.
Most red kangaroos occur in areas.
Most red kangaroos prefer open grassland.
Most red kangaroos survive on grass.
Some red kangaroos belong to mobs.
Some red kangaroos live in zoos.
Some red kangaroos reside in zoos.
Some red kangaroos vary in depth.
Red king crabs eat food.
Red king crabs have tails.
Red king crabs live in shallow water.
Red king crabs live in water.
Red king crabs survive in presence.
Red knots can double their weight prior to migration.
Red knots emit a variety of calls, depending on the circumstance.
Most red knots live four or five years.
Red lacquer covers split bamboo and wood body - vegetal design in wire rings the base.
Many red lagers leave consumers with a bitter taste.
Red Lake has an opening for a middle school assistant principal.
Red Lake has an opening for a special education director.
Red Lake is a hardy, vigorous, upright shrub.
Red Lake is actually two massive, linked lakes.
Red Lake is on the left.
Red Lake lies in the northwest corner of Minnesota's famed lake country.
Red Lake offers high-stakes weekend bingo with free van service.
Red Lake offers top notch prizes and fun promotions.
Red lanterns are small spheres with high ambience.
Red lasers scan each package as it zips by on the conveyor belt.
Red lasers use a diode, optics, and some electronics.
Red lead is oxide
Red Leads come in two basic forms, reddish powder and heavy paste.
Red leaf makes a classy accent to any more verdant blend.
Red leather covers with gold title.
Red leaves appear lacy.
Red leaves appear on certain branches with a white, feltlike layer on the undersurface.
Red leaves are a sure sign of too much light.
Red leaves show first on soft maples, before the gold and orange hues of other hardwood trees.
Red lechwe are well adapted to a semi-aquatic life.
Red leg is caused by factors that lead to either physical or emotional stress.
Red lens cover available.
Red lens covers a short-circuit indicator lamp.
Red lentils are about half the diameter of ordinary brown lentils.
Red letter indicates the position of the accent.
Red letter is transfer mark.
Red letters are incorrect.
Red letters indicate a clone board recidivist.
Red letters indicate active chimeras.
Red letters indicate intron neighbourhood.
Red letters indicate losses while black letters indicate gains.
Red letters indicates information which is required.
Red lettuce has color.
Red lettuce has growth stages.
Red lettuce has stages.
Red lettuce makes a very attractive ornamental.
Most red lettuce has color.
Most red lettuce has growth stages.
Most red lettuce has stages.
Red lids come from one pound tins of tobacco.
Red light allows people to retain their night vision.
Red light bathes the inside of the sub as the captain whispers orders to the crew.
Red light bends the least, violet the most.
Red light bent by the Earth's atmosphere still reaches the Moon.
Red light blinks.
Red light causes a phototropic reaction in some fern prothalliums, though.
Red light causes red blood cells to multiply and invigorate of circulation.
Red light comes from atmospheres.
Red light comes from earth atmospheres.
Red light comes from oxygen in the atmosphere, and green light from sodium.
Red light comes on.
Red light gives off the brightest beam of light because it has the longest wavelength.
Red light has a higher frequency than blue light.
Red light has a longer wavelength than blue light.
Red light has a longer wavelength than blue.
Red light has a longer wavelength.
Red light has almost no affect on our night vision.
Red light has less energy than blue light.
Red light has less energy than violet light.
Red light has long wavelengths, blue light has short wavelengths.
Red light has long waves whereas blue light has short waves.
Red light has the longest wavelength and travels the shortest water.
Red light has the longest wavelength and violet the shortest.
Red light has the longest wavelength in the visible spectrum and therefore reflects the least.
Red light has the longest wavelength that human eyes can see .
Red light has the longest wavelength that human eyes can see.
Red light has the longest wavelength, is the warmest, and is closest to infrared light.
Red light has the longest wavelength.
Red light has the longest waves and violet the shortest.
Red light has the lowest amont of energy and the longext wavelength.
Red light has the lowest energy and violet light has the highest energy.
Red light has the lowest frequency, blue light has the highest.
Red light has waves.
Red light helps avoid loss of dark adaption while still providing useful light to work with.
Red light indicates archiving has started and audio is currently being written to disk.
Red light indicates drag button is active.
Red light indicates it is on.
Red light indicates low battery.
Red light indicates that dirt is being pulled into the vacuum.
Red light indicates tweeter fuse blown.
Red light indicates when units needs cleaning.
Red light is absorbed by sea water.
Red light is absorbed rapidly in the pond by water molecules and algae.
Red light is best to use for phototherapy.
Red light is diffracted more than blue light.
Red light is emitted by glowing molecules as the air is heated to a plasma by friction.
Red light is emitted by hot objects, blue light by cold ones.
Red light is higher frequency than yellow light.
Red light is less affected by absorption within the atmosphere.
Red light is less repelling than white light.
Red light is light waves.
Red light is much better than white light, since it affects our night vision the least.
Red light is ON when remote is in use.
Red light is produced when low-energy solar particles hit the Earth's atmosphere.
Red light is red.
Red light is safe for night vision.
Red light is scattered more easily than blue light by dust particles.
Red light is the least energetic and close to infrared and radio on the spectrum.
Red light is the least energetic color in the visible spectrum and blue is the most active.
Red light is the least energetic of the colors of visible light, and blue is the most energetic.
Red light is the longest wavelength, thus gets absorbed.
Red light is the lowest frequency of light and violet is the highest frequency.
Red light is the only light to use at a star party .
Red light is the preferred illumination at night because it affects night vision the least.
Red light is traffic light
Red light is traffic light.
Red light is transmitted through red glass.
Red light is very low in energy.
Red light is visual signals.
Red light means stop the sprawl.
Red light means that loading is still in progress.
RED light occupies the lower, longest wavelength, segment of the visible spectrum.
Red light passes through gas and dust more easily than blue light.
Red light shines through relatively unhindered.
Red light slows and bends the least.
Red light stays on.
Red light stimulates the red cones, and simultaneously inhibits the surrounding green cones.
Red light Stop before the intersection or crosswalk and remain standing until green is shown alone.
Red light take a right.
Red light tends to build up on and excite the retina.
Red light travels Faster than other light.
Red light travels slower than blue light.
Red lights are for when tactical light discipline is required.
Red lights blink in programmable patterns, deterring a possible break-in attempt.
Red lights blink in programmable patterns.
Red lights flash overhead, the shrill sound of a smoke detector howls danger.
Red lights flash.
Red lights go out, first gear, sliding, second, third, fourth -First hard brake before the chicane.
Red lights have to be dealt with right away.
Red lights highlight the other worlds and their pertinent jumpthreads as they are named.
Red lights indicate that major problems have already occurred.
Red lights indicate the front door is locked.
Red lights placed on the stage shine on the band as they start to play.
Red lights provide an eerie backlight for the singer's dreams of failure and inadequacy.
Red lights show which octaves are being used for bass.
Red lights work fine, and it's easy to weight pages down.
All red light running violations and resulting collisions are preventable.
More red light is absorbed compared to blue.
Most red light comes from atmospheres.
Most red light comes from earth atmospheres.
Most red light has waves.
Red lily has a huge range, being found in open areas from Quebec to British Columbia and southward.
A red line is a line
Red line indicates outline of lung.
Red line indicates performance on a test of problem-solving.
Red line indicates rupture area.
Red line indicates the next fold.
Red line indicates where to fold.
Red line is more sensitive one, while blue one gives confirmation.
Red line is the new diameter.
Red line is the primary candidate, and magenta lines are secondary candidates.
Red line marks the territory of modern Israel.
Red line presents the modeling results, circles - experimental data.
Red line represents tangential velocity of the hand at contact.
Red line runs north and southwest from downtown.
Red Line sets the standards for equipment durability and increased performance.
Red line shows a trajectory representing population collapse.
Red line shows modern Israel.
Red lines appear instead.
Red lines appear wherever tentacles have touched the skin, and welts usually follow.
Red lines are easier to follow than black.
Red lines are lines.
Red lines are major earthquake faults.
Red lines are streamlines, or directions of maximum dip, calculated by the visualization program.
Red lines are the row seloct lines, column select lines are dark green and data lines are turquoise.
Red lines are trains.
Red lines are trunk line highways, green lines state aid, and brown lines other improved roads.
Red lines are variable dependencies.
Red lines correspond to the undeformed state.
Red lines cost energy to maintain.
Red lines do no only refer to enemies without.
RED lines explain the previous line.
Red lines indicate a conversation containing errors.
Red lines indicate creation, green lines represent calls, and blue lines identify references.
Red lines indicate intraspecific substitutions.
Red lines indicate pathways driven purely by risk effects.
Red lines indicate positive weights and blue lines indicate negative weights.
Red lines indicate sharp discontinuity of slope.
Red lines indicate the acute angle.
Red lines indicate the backazimuths of null arrivals in areas where null arrivals are common.
Red lines mark the lateral margins of wings and run obliquely across at about midwing.
Red lines refer to bus lines.
Red lines represent displacement vectors.
Red lines represent the anti-parallel beta sheets looping around themselves.
Red lines represent updated treatment threshold.
Red lines show how the molecules are paired.
Red lines show the flight path.
Red lines show the flight paths.
All red lines are required fields .
Red lingerie is scattered on the floor.
Red links are good, red links are very very important as they encourage article creation.
Red links are good.
Red links are ok.
Red links are open galleries.
Red links are 'very' helpful.
Red links deny it.
Red links serve two important purposes.
Red lionfish are banded in red and white.
Red lipstick has a tendency to attach itself on the teeth, which is very unappealing.
Red lipstick is a classic fashion cosmetic.
Red livers dance on the screen.
Red loop indicates there are multiple loops.
Red lumps appear on the shins or about the knees and ankle.
Red maggot is best for quantity but caster picks up a better stamp.
Red magic is the magic of earth, fire, chaos, and of war.
Red mailboxes are for regular mail and blue ones are for special delivery.
A red man is a person
Red man builds little fire, stays warm.
Red man shows the way there.
All red men have equal rights to the unoccupied land.
Red mangrove trees reach up to feet.
Red mangrove develops long, arching prop roots that grow down from larger branches.
Red mangrove grows at the water's edge and in the tidal zone.
Red mangrove has red prop roots and seeds that take root before they drop.
Red mangrove is good for smoking meats.
Red mangroves appear everywhere in the tropics.
Red mangroves appear to be especially at risk.
Red mangroves are characterized by a dendritic network of aerial prop roots extending into the soil.
Red mangroves are located in the lowest elevation and, therefore, are surrounded by more water.
Red Mangroves are one of the few plants which can grow in salt water and in anaerobic soil.
Red mangroves are the first type of mangrove to start growing.
Red mangroves form an impenetrable, protective barrier against storms and tsunamis.
Red mangroves form closest to the gulf and have the most exposure to salt water.
Red mangroves grow in areas.
Red mangroves have extensive ranges.
Red mangroves have leaves.
Red mangroves have ranges.
Red mangroves have root systems descending from the branches to take in water and nutrients.
Red mangroves occupy positions.
Most red mangroves grow in areas.
Most red mangroves have extensive ranges.
Most red mangroves have ranges.
Most red mangroves occupy positions.
Some red mangroves attain height.
Some red mangroves grow on areas.
Some red mangroves have ability.
Some red mangroves have aerial roots.
Some red mangroves have roots.
A red maple is a maple
Red maple breaks the mold.
Red maple grows on diverse sites, from dry ridges and southwest slopes to peat bogs and swamps.
Red maple grows rapidly.
Red maple has red twigs and reddish rounded buds and is better deer food.
Red maple is a highly desirable wildlife browse food.
Red maple is a large native tree found in moist woodlands and swamps throughout Ohio.
Red maple is also a major component of most of the oak-pine stands in moister areas.
Red maple is among the first trees to flower in the spring.
Red maple is avoided.
Red maple is difficult to propagate from cuttings and success varies considerably.
Red maple is generally very fruitful.
Red maple is in the genus Acer .
Red maple is known in the lumber industry as soft maple.
Red maple is one indicator.
Red maple is quick growing and makes a fair shade tree for light soils.
Red maple is susceptible to many leaf diseases, generally of minor importance.
Red maple is the fastest with the harder woods slower.
Red maple responds well to thinning.
Red maples are actually red.
Red maples are among the first to change.
Red maples are good shade trees for moist soils.
Red maples are maples.
Red maples are relatively fast growing, tolerant of many conditions, and adaptable.
Red maples are ubiquitous in New England.
Red maples grow from eastern Newfoundland to very near the southern tip of Florida.
Red maples help add diversity to wetlands and our landscape.
Red maples prefer acidic soils.
Red maples produce thousands of tiny flowers that add a red flush to the forest.
Red maples show evidence.
Most red maples show evidence.
Red marbles are the problem.
Red marks indicate spike artifacts.
Red marks mark where they built the fake falls.
Red markers have even numbers and green markers have odd numbers.
Red markers indicate ongoing situations.Orange markers indicate disaster alerts.
Red markers indicate wrong way movements for motorists.
Red markings appear at the bend of the wing, while a yellowish green color marks the edges.
Red markings are present and usually very bright.
Red marrow contains the stem cells that produce most types of blood cells.
Red marrow is bone marrow
Red marrow is involved in blood cell formation.
Red marrow is the main site of blood cell formation throughout adult life.
Red marrow produces blood cells.
Red marrow produces red and white blood cells and platelets.
Red mats surround the periphery as a warning to martial arts participants that the wall is close by.
Red material is shale which has been oxdized and burned from the heat of combustion.
Red material is the background for beautiful gold, light green, pink, and purple embroidery.
Red means burn., green means females inside for raping, and blue means more things to steal.
Red means stop and is used to start the race.
Red means stop or hot or anger.
Red means stop, green means go .
Red means stop, green means go, and yellow means go very slow.
Red means stop, green means go, and yellow means slow down.
Red means stop, green means go.
Red means stop.
Red meat eaters are engaged in behavior.
Red meat eaters are engaged in unhealthy behavior.
Red meat can aggravate or cause chronic back pain.
Red meat can be a part of a heart-healthy diet.
Red meat can be a source of saturated fat and that raises blood cholesterol.
Red meat can be part of a heart-healthy eating plan.
Red meat can have the opposite effect, stimulating constriction.
Red meat causes especially high amounts of environmental damage for the nutrition it delivers.
Red meat consists of beef, pork, lamb and goat.
Red meat contains a lot of saturated fat.
Red meat contains a pigment called oxymyoglobin.
Red meat contains more iron the nutrient most deficient in many diets than other meats.
Red meat contains much more - than chicken.
Red meat does contain saturated fat so look for leaner selections .
Red meat does too, so the lighter meats like poultry and fish are better in general.
Red meat has iron which increases oxidative stress in the bowel.
Red meat has larger amounts of fat around it.
Red meat has twice as much iron as chicken and three times as much as fish.
Red meat has very little fiber.
Red meat includes beef, pork, goat and lamb.
Red meat includes beef, veal, pork, and lamb and mutton in commercial plants and on farms.
Red meat includes beef, veal, pork, and lamb and mutton.
Red meat includes beef, veal, pork, lamb and mutton in commercial plants and on farms.
Red meat is a good source of dietary iron.
Red meat is a good source of iron and several of the B vitamins.
Red meat is a good source of which seven nutrients.
Red meat is a great source of protein, but be careful.
Red meat is a major source of fat in the American diet.
Red meat is a particularly good source of heme iron , the most easily absorbed form.
Red meat is a particularly rich source of dietary fats.
Red meat is a rarity.
Red meat is a rich source of iron that is easily absorbed by the body.
Red meat is a rich source of iron that is well absorbed.
Red meat is a significant source of iron for menstruating women.
Red meat is a source of much debate.
Red meat is a wonderful source of high-quality iron that is readily absorbed.
Red meat is also a culprit of body odor.
Red meat is also a good source of iron, vitamin B, riboflavin, thiamin and niacin.
Red meat is also the leading source of methionine in the diet.
Red meat is an excellent source of iron and zinc.
Red meat is an important source of protein, iron and other vitamins and minerals.
Red meat is an important source of protein, iron, and other vitamins and minerals.
Red meat is avoided.
Red meat is awful.
Red meat is bad.
Red meat is beef, lamb and pork, and examples of processed meat are burgers and sausages.
Red meat is considered a major factor in stimulating the cancer.
Red meat is darker-coloured meat, different from white meat such as chicken or fish.
Red meat is discouraged except for special occasions.
Red meat is done when it's brown or grey inside.
Red meat is featured at the lowest scale of the Mediterranean cuisine's food pyramid.
Red meat is held to a higher standard in every case.
Red meat is known by most and believed to be a contributing factor to developing prostate cancer.
Red meat is limited to once a week.
Red meat is meat
Red meat is meat.
Red meat is much higher in saturated fat and cholesterol than chicken, turkey, or fish.
Red meat is now leaner and pork equals chicken in percent fat content.
Red meat is nowhere to be found, appropriate for the country yippie atmosphere.
Red meat is on a roll.
Red meat is recommended a few times per month and fish weekly.
Red meat is still less cooked than pink meat.
Red meat is the best source.
Red meat is the first choice, with pork ribs running a close second.
Red meat is the most desirable on the market, despite white meat being a lot rarer.
Red meat is the richest food source of lipoic acid.
Red meat is the richest source of iron, but fish and poultry also are good sources.
Red meat is too expensive.
Red meat is very hard to digest, fish is much easier.
Red meat is, of course, a rich source of iron, a mineral needed for normal blood production.
Red meat lead poultry, seafood, and Italian entrees at lower dinner-check levels also.
Red meat refers mainly to beef, veal, pork and lamb.
Red meat remains acceptable with-in reason.
Red meat seems to be a specialty.
Red meat tends to favor the growth of pathogenic bacteria.
Red meats are an especially excellent source of iron with high bioavailability.
Red meats are good sources of zinc.
Red meats help prevent anemia from lack of iron.
Red meats provide valuable nutrients such as iron and zinc.
All red meat contains saturated fat.
Most red meat contains uric acid and saturated fat.
Much red meat is also imported.
Some red meat causes cancer.
Some red meat causes diseases.
Some red meat causes heart diseases.
Some red meat contains calcium.
Some red meat contains concentration.
Some red meat induces inflammation.
Red midges are especially pollution tolerant and are found within the lower reach.
Red milo is another name for grain sorghum.
Red miso is made with barley and is savory and good for winter soups.
Red miso is preferred in Osaka, white in Kyoto.
Red mite is a common nest contaminant.
Red mites are a problem during dry periods.
Red mites are also capable of piercing and sucking fluids from egg capsules.
Red mites are parasites that suck earthworm blood while they are attached.
Red mites feed at night and cause restlessness in the bird.
Red mites feed mainly on foliage, causing chlorosis and defoliation.
Red mites feed on tender new leaves and populations increase with new growth flushes.
Red mites live off the blood.
Red mites suck blood.
Red mites suck the blood from the host canary only during the night.
Most red mites suck blood.
Some red mites kill canaries.
Red money comes from debt-oriented lenders.
Some red monkeys have ranges.
Red morocco binding, all edges gilt.
Red mottles show that oxygenated water penetrated the sediment in places.
Red Mountain continues to create interest and gain involvement from high schools near the campus.
Red Mountain is home to some of Washington's finest wine grape vineyards.
Red Mountain is one big, eroded, crumbling slickrock staircase.
Red Mountain is reflected in the ripples of the tidal lagoon.
Red Mountain is the smallest, most focused viticulture region in the Northwest.
Red Mountain is Washington's fifth appellation.
Red mouthwash looks like fruit punch.
Red mud comes from environments.
Red mud comes from rich environments.
Most red mud comes from environments.
Most red mud comes from rich environments.
Red mulberries are less easily rooted.
Red mulberry is a fruit tree
Red mulberry is a prolific root sprouter and can be reproduced by layering.
Red mulberry is found throughout the state in pinelands, uplands, hammocks and floodplains.
Red mulberry is mulberry.
Red mulberry is used locally for fenceposts because the heartwood is relatively durable.
Red muscle is useful for endurance activities like long-distance running.
Red muscles are used for sustained activity, such as ocean migrations.
Red names are the really evil characters such as dark lords, evil lords, and dread lords.
Red napery adds splashes of anti-ennui relief.
Red neck trim instead of a necklace.
Red needles indicate advanced colonization of the tree.
Red neon lights up around the crown at night.
Red noses are on again Like mum, like son.
Red notes are for voicing and blue notes are for arpegio.
Red nozzles are lower than black.
Red number indicates that total line around a number is wrong.
Red numbers are older phone numbers that are closing.
Red numbers are to highlight ranges.
Red numbers are weights of nodes, blue numbers are edge weights.
Red numbers indicate lowest test score replaced by research paper score.
Red numbers indicate percentage of row total.
Red numbers indicate sequential order.
Red numbers indicate standard ink colors.
Red numbers indicate the higher percentage of the two.
Red numbers show bootstrap confidence intervals.
All red numbers are opposite the black numbers.
Red oak appears to have a band of tiny holes running across the end of the board.
Red oak has acorns.
Red oak has bitter acorns.
Red oak is a dream to work with.
Red oak is a warm color for trim and it looks great.
Red oak is extremely versatile.
Red oak is intermediate in shade tolerance.
Red oak is oak
Red oak is oak.
Red oak is probably the most important and wide spread of northern oaks.
Red oak is stress-tolerant.
Red oak is the most valuable of the red oaks for lumber production.
Red oak is, however, less decay resistant than white oak or European oak.
Red oak leaves.
Red oaks are also members of the black oak family.
Red oaks are common in forests of eastern North America.
Red oaks are highly susceptible.
Red oaks are notably more susceptible to infection than white oaks.
Red oaks are plentiful and easy to split.
Red oaks are the main concern for removal.
Red oaks can die from oak wilt in as short a time as a month.
Red oaks die rapidly after infection occurs.
Red oaks die within several weeks to several months after the first symptoms appear.
Red oaks have bitter acorns that mature the second year after forming.
Red oaks send down their tap root in the spring when the top starts growing.
Red oaks sprout readily, especially as young seedlings.
Red oaks suffer the same diseases and insect damage as other oak species.
Many red oaks grow only in certain soils or locations.
Most red oak has acorns.
Most red oak has bitter acorns.
Some red oak has elements.
Some red oaks have unlobed, oval leaves with a sharp tip.
Red oats have reddish seeds.
Red objects appear closer than blue ones.
Red objects appear very dark or even black, and most everything else looks blue or black.
Red objects reflect red light.
Red ochre is a kind of clay.
Red ochre is known to have been used in many places around the world for a variety of reasons.
Red ochre is scattered around the head.
Red octopuses are a small species that are found in the Eastern Pacific Ocean from Mexico to Alaska.
Red one has middle sized sleeves.
Red one is carny talk for a town where fairs fare well.
Red ones are easy to clean, and work real well.
A red onion is a Spanish onion
Red onion can act as a visual indicator at the same time.
Red onions are full of flavonols while the white version has almost none.
Red onions are often a little milder too.
Red onions are the best to use because they have great flavor and less sodium.
Red onions are usually milder in flavor, and better for eating raw, as in salads.
Red onions have some resistance.
Red onions have the highest amount of quercetin, while white onions have very little.
Red onions have the most.
Red onions make a great conserve to serve with pork.
Some red onions add natural sweetness.
Some red onions add sweetness.
Red onyx is most beautiful and rare onyx in the market.
Red orach is just the right companion.
Red outlines indicate existing structures.
Red oxen are similar to yellow geese, Except for that neither exist.
Red paint indicates limited parking in accordance with posted signs.
Red paint indicates limited parking in accordance with the posted signs.
Red paint is also a popular old finish.
Red paint is cold paint.
Red paint means parking is limited according to the posted signs.
A red panda is a procyonid
Red panda are hunted for their pelts, which are made into fur capes and hats.
Red pandas are a solitary species, and only interact during the mating season.
Red pandas are also excellent climbers, and they have strong, curved claws.
Red pandas are cavity nesters, using rock dens and old hollow trees.
Red pandas are classified in families.
Red pandas are considered by many to be living fossils.
Red pandas are endangered, victims of deforestation.
Red pandas are endangered.
Red pandas are mammals.
Red pandas are very skillful and acrobatic animals that predominantly stay in trees.
Red pandas climb well, using trees for shelter, to escape predators and sunbathe in the winter.
Red pandas do eat some meat.
Red pandas eat bamboo leaves.
Red pandas eat bamboo, honey, grass, vines, other plants, and some meat.
Red pandas eat leaves.
Red pandas eat mostly bamboo leaves and shoots, acorns, and flowers.
Red pandas eat shoots.
Red pandas eat tender shoots.
Red pandas favor remote, high altitude bamboo forests.
Red pandas feed mainly on bamboo, fruits and acorns.
Red pandas have a mild, non-aggressive disposition.
Red pandas have bones.
Red pandas have five toes that are widely separated and semi-retractable claws.
Red pandas have many adaptations.
Red pandas have many characteristics in common with raccoons.
Red pandas have many different behaviors.
Red pandas have molars.
Red pandas have taste.
Red pandas have teeth.
Red pandas have wrist bones.
Red pandas inhabit bamboo forests of Asia.
Red pandas inhabit climates.
Red pandas live in climates.
Red pandas prefer temperate forests.
Red pandas roam the Eastern Himalayas.
Red pandas share habitats.
Red pandas spend most of their time in trees.
Most red pandas are classified in families.
Most red pandas eat bamboo leaves.
Most red pandas eat leaves.
Most red pandas eat shoots.
Most red pandas eat tender shoots.
Most red pandas have bones.
Most red pandas have molars.
Most red pandas have teeth.
Most red pandas have wrist bones.
Most red pandas live in climates.
Some red pandas eat bamboo.
Some red pandas have bushy tails.
Some red pandas have impact.
Some red pandas have long periods.
Some red pandas have metabolism.
Some red pandas have periods.
Some red pandas have profound impact.
Some red pandas have slow metabolism.
Some red pandas have tails.
Some red pandas have toes.
Some red pandas live in mountains.
Some red pandas share common ancestors.
Red pantiles decorate the roofs of stone cottages.
Red papaya is the most readily available, though in the U.S., most papayas are versions from Hawaii.
Red paper contains pigments capable of absorbing both green and blue light if present.
Red paper wraps.
Red paprika gives the dishes beautiful colour and nice taste.
Red Park is a software engineer for language kits.
Red part is high gain mode, blue areas are low gain mode.
Red parts become white, face, lips, tongue, mucous membranes of the mouth.
Red particles indicate high precursor accumulation.
Red patterns seem to produec well.
Red people are exciting, and passionate.
Red people are exciting, animated, optimistic, emotional and extroverted.
Red pepper has mild smell.
Red pepper has smell.
Red pepper is a seasoning
Red pepper is an inflammatory and causes a profuse flow of tears and swelling of mucous membranes.
Red pepper is located in pizzas.
Red pepper is pepper.
Red pepper is the ground version of Cayenne and other red chiles.
Red pepper is vegetables.
Red pepper spikes the briny verve of saut ed calamari in a garlicky tomato sauce.
Red peppers are a common ingredient.
Red peppers are sweeter and usually more expensive.
Red peppers have more Vitamin A than green peppers.
Red peppers make a great mouth.
Red peppers pack the most nutrition , because they've been on the vine longest.
Most red pepper has mild smell.
Some red pepper is crushed to be visible in the finished product.
Red permits allow parking in the assigned red areas.
Red permits are available to faculty and staff only and are valid in red or yellow parking zones.
Red personalities are seductive.
Red personalities feel invincible and others tend to think they are.
Red petals surround a clear yellow centers.
Red petioles add to the appeal.
A red phalarope is a phalarope
Red phalaropes inhabit water.
Red phone boxes a speciality.
Red phones accept only coins, but a phone call is made the same way as green phones.
Red phones are emergency phones that ring directly to security.
Red phosphorus can burn but needs to be ignited.
Red phosphorus is a component in one of several recipes for the drug.
Red phosphorus is a microcrystalline, nonpoisonous powder.
Red phosphorus is a red powder.
Red phosphorus is far more stable than the white form.
Red phosphorus is made by heating white phosphorus under controlled conditions.
Red phosphorus is much safer.
Red phosphorus is used in making matches.
Red phosphorus is used in matches and flares.
Red phosphorus is used in safety matches, fireworks, smoke bombs and pesticides.
Red phosphorus results when white phosphorus is heated or exposed to sunlight.
Red photons have less energy than blue photons.
Red photons have more energy than blue photons.
Red photons have the same energy as blue photons.
Red photons penetrate deepest.
Red pigment absorbs green light.
Red pigment absorbs light.
Red pigment reflects quality of diet.
Red pigment seems to be the source of the worst problems.
All red pigments lift off more than other pigments.
Most red pigment absorbs green light.
Most red pigment absorbs light.
Some red pigment absorbs heat.
Some red pigment has effects.
Red pine absorbs preservatives well.
Red pine grows best in northern climates with low to moderate rainfall.
Red pine grows rapidly when young but slows down with age .
Red pine grows rapidly.
Red pine has a tall, straight trunk and a symmetrical crown.
Red pine is a coniferous tree
Red pine is an important timber tree in eastern North America.
Red pine is of secondary importance followed by paper birch and large-toothed aspen.
Red pine is pine.
Red pine is planted for erosion control, wind or snow breaks, and scenic values.
Red pine is the most common plantation tree.
Red pine prefer sandy soil and rock out crops.
Red pines grow to tremendous size also.
Red pines growing in acid soils are less susceptible to pests and diseases.
Red pipe designed to look like terra cotta tile covers the roof.
Red planes are perpendicular to red struts.
Red Planet is as emotionally cold as the vacuum of space.
Red plastids occur in the ripe fruit of capsicum.
Some red plumages cover long tails.
Some red plumages cover tails.
Red points are from the table, the green line is the regression fit.
Red points have the most extreme lengths of stay.
Red pointers illuminate first, then white gauge markings pop into view.
A red poll is cattle
Red polls are a good choice for small farms because of their easy manageability.
Red poppies come the plentiful seeds of death.
A red porgy is a porgy
Red porgies are protogynous hermaphrodites.
Red porgy is managed in the snapper grouper fishery management unit.
Red potatoes are ideal accompaniments to corned beef and pot roast.
Red potatoes give an old favorite a new twist.
Red powder turns bright flourescent green when added to water.
Red pulp corresponds to the sinuses which are usually filled with red blood cells.
Red pustules are parasites in the wound that cause wilting of leaves and shoots.
Red radiation is the most dangerous.
Red radishes are used extensively in salad bars, so appearance is important.
Red raspberry seeds have coats.
A red raspberry is a bramble
Red raspberries are a good low-fat source of dietary fiber.
Red raspberries are an exception.
Red raspberries are immune.
Red raspberries are more disease resistant than black or purple.
Red raspberries are perennials that produce thorny, biennial canes.
Red raspberries are raspberries.
Red raspberries are red.
Red raspberries are the cheapest caloric fruit source of dietary fiber.
Red raspberries are usually ripe within four to six weeks from the start of the growing season.
Red raspberries can be either of two types.
Red raspberries can be seven feet high for optimal production.
Red raspberries grow in communities.
Red raspberries make a fragrant, subtle wine.
Red raspberries produce berries.
Red raspberries sucker profusely.
Red raspberry is also one of the effective herbs for preventing miscarriage.
Red raspberry is delicious to humans, and many cultivars have been developed from the wild species.
Red raspberry is our common raspberry.
Red raspberry is well adapted to reoccupy a site quickly after fire.
Red raspberry is well represented in many plant communities throughout North America.
Red raspberry leaves Take two capsules with one meal daily.
Red raspberry occurs as a dominant in a number of plant communities.
Most red raspberries grow in communities.
Most red raspberries produce berries.
Some red raspberries have mold.
Some red raspberries produce canes.
Red rat snakes vary in color.
Red rays decompose the salt crystals in the body and act as a catalyst for ionization.
Red rays produce heat which vitalizes and energizes the physical body.
Red rectangles mark buildings and white lines the roads.
Red rectangles mark target component areas.
Red rectangles represent runs in the edges and blue represent runs in the nodes.
A red region is a pit
Red regions are faint zones in which ionized hydrogen emits light.
Red regions are flexible, while blue regions are conformationally restrained.
Red regions are updrafts, blue regions are downdrafts.
Red regions indicate congested traffic.
Red regions indicate volcanic centers active in the last few thousand years.
Red release pull cord to disengage opener for manual opening and closing.
Red restaurants indicate a company home page.
Red ribbons are a poignant reminder of the dangers of drunken driving at some.
Red ribbons give it a more decorative look.
Red ribbons mark our most desperate candidates and the accompanying cards list the repair cost.
Red ribbons mean fire.
Red ribbons wound around the horns represent flowers.
Red rice continues to be a major weed problem in Mississippi.
Red rice is a Native American rice.
Red rice is delicious with shrimp or fried chicken.
Red rice is really just a tomato pilau.
Red rice is reportedly a serious weed in rice fields of north and south America.
Red rice is still botanically the same as white rice.
Red rice remains the primary agronomic threat to economic rice production in Missouri.
Red right signifies the formation, with the tight end lining up on the right side.
Red river hogs have diets.
Red river hogs have omnivorous diets.
Red River has a free tube and sled hill with equipment rentals available.
Red River has three regular-season outings remaining before the East Region tournament.
Red River is a family kind of town.
Red River is a four season resort.
Red River is a great place to ski also.
Red River is a journal for poets who study the craft and readers who are stirred by language.
Red River is a manufacturer and converter of inkjet papers from around the world.
Red River is a real mountain town.
Red River is a true classic and unquestionably one of the greatest westerns of all time.
Red River is a year-round family resort.
Red River is committed to family ministry.
Red River is downright comfortable.
Red River is known as the jewel of the enchanted circle.
Red River is less than a mile away.
Red River offers a wide range of products for the discriminating shopper.
Red River offers all types of terrain that makes for mega excitement.
Red River takes a far smaller mark-up as can be seen by comparing prices.
Red rivers are places.
Red rock crabs prefer rocky substrate.
Red rock crabs prefer substrate.
Red Rock boasts some of the world's best climbing.
Red Rock is a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Nevada.
Red Rock is a good lake for walleyes and bass and is surprisingly quiet.
Red Rock is a great place because it mixes beautiful scenery with both short and long climbs.
Red Rock is an area of world wide geologic interest and beauty.
Red Rock is an independent book publisher based in New York City and Telluride, Colorado.
Red Rock is one of Arizona's newest state parks.
Red Rock is one of the most magnificent places that anyone can ever visit.
Red Rock provides dusty, fast desert setting with lots of straights.
Red Rock provides outdoor opportunities all year.
Red Rock wins again.
Red Rock wins.
Red rocks owe their colors to the fine hematite and green rocks to chlorite and lack iron oxide.
Red rockets shoot up to the sky.
Red roe comes from female scallops.
Red roe is that of a female, and white, that of a male.
Red roofs cap the tops of the tan walls all around.
Red rooms make time drag along.
Red rooster is a rooster, which is a male chicken.
Red rooster starts crowing.
Red roosters have black-white mixture.
Red root is an excellent lymphatic remedy, stimulating lymph and intertissue fluid circulation.
Red roses are for a lover, yellow for a friend and white is for purity.
Red roses are for love and passion.
Red roses are for passion.
Red roses are given as a symbol of love, beauty, and passion.
Red roses are symbolic of love and respect.
Red roses lie to each side of the chalice.
Red roses make people think of love, beauty, and passion.
Red roses represent love, respect and courage.
Red roses run no risk, sir, on nurse's order.
Red roses surround the front door.
Red roses symbolize pure love from the heart.
Red roses tend to have more scent than lighter-colored ones.
Red rosebuds mean pure and lovely and white rosebuds signify girlhood or too young to love.
Red rot causes the setts to be seriously damaged at low temperatures.
Most red rot happens in the leadpipe on most instrument.
Red rouge is a hematite powder used to polish brass and other soft metals.
Red rows are participants playing just for fun and have no rank number.
All red rows indicate participants are playing just for-fun.
Red ruff lemurs live in areas.
Red rule runs between titles and poems throughout the text.
Red safety stripes mark edge of deck and rails.
Red salamanders seem to have a definite seasonal pattern of habitat use.
A red salmon is salmon
Red salmon are notoriously finicky and are often spooked by large, over dressed flies.
Red salmon is fatty and calorie rich, while pink salmon is closer to tuna in nutrient breakdown.
Red salvia produces masses of brilliant red flowers atop deep green foliage.
Red salvias are excellent plants for annual beds and borders.
Red sandstone is a prevailing rock, and limestone.
Red satellites are blocked by the Earth .
Red satellites are blocked by the Earth.
Red sauce overflows off family platters and the wine keeps on flowing.
Red sauces are also a common favorite among Ethiopian children.
Red scale is a reddish tint on the silver that occurs from heating.
A red scare is panic
Red scares continue to lesser extent in American politics.
Red scores are the low scores for that week.
Red screens indicate that the problem is probably related to a hardware or BIOS problem.
Red sea urchins have lifespans.
Red Sea is at lower left.
Red Sea reports.
Red seaweeds have the largest number of species and the widest range of forms.
Red seaweeds have the most complicated life cycle.
Some red seaweed has ranges.
Some red seaweeds are marketed as nutritional supplements.
Red sector represents bacteria, the dental plaque on the teeth.
Red seed beads with turquoise.
Red shades represent hotter fluctuations, and blue and black shades represent cooler fluctuations.
Red shiners are native to Wyoming.
Red shiners can survive in turbid and moderately polluted waters.
Red shirts are now available with gold stitching.
Most red shirts occur during the freshman year.
Red signs provide safety info.
Red skin is prevalent and unnoticed by the scorched.
Red skyrockets rise.
Red sleeve is alternative.
Red sleeves slide over white tubing.
Red sliders are great pets, they are very active and animated.
Red snapper are different.
Red snapper are good offshore when the weather permits.
Red snapper are still at the rigs.
Red snapper are very good offshore.
Red snapper is abundant, and fish are often steamed, fried or stewed.
Red snapper is an extremely important commercial and recreational fish in the North Gulf.
Red snapper is depleted.
Red snapper is grilled and then surrounded by little golden and striped red and white chioga beets.
Red snapper is most abundant in the deeper offshore waters of the northern part of the state.
Red snapper is overfished in the U.S., primarily because shrimp nets kill billions of juveniles.
Red snapper is part of red snapper.
Red snapper is protected by some of the toughest rules in the region.
Red snapper is snapper
Red snapper is snapper.
Red snapper is striated with pearly rose.
Red snapper occur in all the Gulf waters off Texas.
Red snapper stuffed with crabmeat is fresh and firm.
Red snappers are common to about two feet and anything over thirty pounds is a whopper.
Red snow is caused by greens that have a red pigment masking their chlorophyll.
Red snow is caused by one of the green algae.
Red soccer socks over shin guards.
Red socks are now a staple of practically every man, woman and child's wardrobe in New Zealand.
Red soil blowing in the wind sometimes falls with rain in Monterrey and even here in the Valley.
Red soil can be sandy or made of clay.
Red soils are very rich in iron compounds.
Some red soldiers carry big hammers.
Red sores are also a warning sign of cancer.
Red sores are evident on the sides of many northerns.
Red sorghum imparts a pinkish-brown colour to the beer.
A red sorrel is a hibiscus
Red sorrel is found throughout the United States.
Red spaces indicate either non-photosynthetic vegetation or exposed soil.
Red spaceship moves from yellow star toward blue star .
Red spaceship moves from yellow star toward blue star.
Red spades are always hard to see.
Red sphagnum is good for a dressing on a bad cut or for sore eyes.
Red spheres are active galactic nuclei.
Red spheres are oxygen atoms, purple molydbenum, and yellow represent lead. .
Red spheres are smallest, and purple are largest.
Some red spiders attack plants.
Red spokes lead to a bright red band surrounded by a white edge.
Red spots are a symptom of low pH attack and produce allergy-like symptoms.
Red spots compromise the usefulness of film whether it is a service copy or a master copy.
Red spots develop into small blisters.
Red spots indicate the brightest features.
Red spots occur near the mouth of the sheath.
Some red spots appear on faces.
A red spruce is a spruce
Red spruce are, and grow in the high country above the hardwoods.
Red spruce grows at the higher elevations and there is some hemlock in the deeper moist hollows.
Red spruce grows best in a cool, moist climate.
Red spruce has few diseases.
Red spruce is able to grow as a seedling in the shade of the surrounding bigger trees.
Red spruce is also one of the most susceptible species to acid rain deposition.
Red spruce is an extremely valuable resource for pulp and lumber production.
Red spruce is the most important species for both lumber and pulpwood.
Red spruce prunes itself about as well as most softwoods in dense stands.
Red spruces are spruces.
Red square indicates ports frequented by at least two slaving voyages.
Red square indicates power on.
Red square is for meat, blue hexagon is for seafood, and green circles are for vegetables.
Red square shows previous quench experiments.
Red squares indicate burns where the forecast has been completed.
Red squares indicate that the notes have been read.
Red squares mark places to try.
Red squares show current fire sites.
Red squill is a relatively selective and safe toxicant for use only against Norway rats.
A red squirrel is a tree squirrel
Red squirrels are active in winter and cross on the ice.
Red squirrels are also susceptible to the parapox virus.
Red squirrels are at home in conifer forests and broadleaved woodland.
Red squirrels are caught for their fur.
Red squirrels are eaten by a wide variety of animals from snakes and birds of prey to mammals.
Red squirrels are energy efficient when foraging.
Red squirrels are far less rapacious and live at lower densities than grey squirrels.
Red squirrels are films.
Red squirrels are found on both coasts of North America and are common throughout Canada and Alaska.
Red squirrels are mammals.
Red squirrels are most common in the northern pine forests, but live as far south as northern Iowa.
Red squirrels are mostly active during the day, but sometimes at night too.
Red squirrels are much crazier and more high-strung than standard grey squirrels.
Red squirrels are plentiful in the timber along Deep Red River.
Red squirrels are protected in most of Europe.
Red squirrels are red-brown above with white underparts.
Red squirrels are seed eaters.
Red squirrels are smaller and redder than the more familiar gray squirrel.
Red squirrels are so dependent that population density is directly related to seed crop cycles.
Red squirrels are still present.
Red squirrels are the primary consumers of seeds.
Red squirrels are timorous and easily stressed.
Red squirrels are tree squirrels.
Red squirrels are unsociable, highly territorial, and aggressive.
Red squirrels are very elusive and spend much of their time in the tree canopy.
Red squirrels breed once or twice a year, depending on their geographic location.
Red squirrels breed once or twice a year, depending on where they live.
Red squirrels build large nests, called dreys, often in the forks of tree trunks.
Red squirrels build nests, called dreys, from sticks and moss placed high in the branches.
Red squirrels can easily crawl through small openings.
Red squirrels can eat certain mushrooms that can kill humans.
Red squirrels can have fur ranging from sandy orange to almost black.
Red squirrels can have two litters a year.
Red squirrels can live for up to six years.
Red squirrels chatter and chickadees forage in the treetops.
Red squirrels clip twigs and feed on vegetative and reproductive buds in the spring.
Red squirrels collect food in the winter.
Red squirrels cut and store mature strobili, eat yellow birch seeds, and also feed on birch sap.
Red squirrels defend territory.
Red squirrels eat a varied diet, including insects and bird eggs.
Red squirrels eat buds.
Red squirrels eat mostly seeds of pine trees.
Red squirrels eat spruce and pine seeds, acorns, berries, fungi, bark and sap tissue.
Red squirrels eat the buds in spring and store cone-laden branchlets for winter use.
Red squirrels eat tree buds.
Red squirrels eats the seeds and the terminal buds.
Red squirrels feed on seeds.
Red squirrels frequent the grounds.
Red squirrels gather food.
Red squirrels get all new fur on their bodies twice a year, and once a year on their tail.
Red squirrels get fur.
Red squirrels have acorns.
Red squirrels have chatter.
Red squirrels have excellent senses of smell, sight, and hearing.
Red squirrels have pitch chatter.
Red squirrels have similar diets.
Red squirrels have teeth.
Red squirrels hide in places.
Red squirrels hide in various places.
Red squirrels live in a very large area in the northern half of North America.
Red squirrels live in areas where there are more conifers.
Red squirrels live in areas.
Red squirrels live in both conifer and broadleaved woodland.
Red squirrels live in large areas.
Red squirrels live long lives compared to their size.
Red squirrels make alarm calls when there are predators nearby.
Red squirrels mate primarily in the dead of winter.
Red squirrels prefer to live in shady northern forests with lots of tall pine trees and mushrooms.
Red squirrels seem to be very solitary little creatures.
Red squirrels spend about three-quarters of their active time above ground in trees and shrubs.
Red squirrels steal food.
Red squirrels store many seeds and nuts underground, in piles, or under rocks for the winter.
Red squirrels survive winter.
Red squirrels take eggs and young from nests.
Red squirrels take naps, sometimes days at a time, only to emerge to feed.
Most red squirrels defend territory.
Most red squirrels eat buds.
Most red squirrels eat tree buds.
Most red squirrels feed on seeds.
Most red squirrels gather food.
Most red squirrels get fur.
Most red squirrels have acorns.
Most red squirrels have chatter.
Most red squirrels have pitch chatter.
Most red squirrels have teeth.
Most red squirrels hide in places.
Most red squirrels hide in various places.
Most red squirrels live in areas.
Most red squirrels live in large areas.
Most red squirrels steal food.
Most red squirrels survive winter.
Some red squirrels depend on coniferous trees.
Some red squirrels depend on trees.
Some red squirrels eat seeds.
Some red squirrels have parasites.
Some red squirrels have years.
Some red squirrels live in conifers.
Some red squirrels spread seeds.
Red stains can come from immersion of copper caused by the presence of iron in the pickle.
Red stakes define a lateral water hazard.
Red stakes define lateral hazards.
Red Stakes define lateral water hazards.
Red stakes mark lateral hazard.
Red stamens complete the picture.
Red star indicates a required field.
Red star is for unity.
Red star marks the location of the construction site.
Red stars are less hot than white or blue stars.
Red stars are low-wattage.
Red stars are the coolest, yellow stars are in the middle and blue stars are the hottest.
Red stars designate the polling locations assigned to that precinct.
Red stars emit primarily red light.
Red stars indicate good beginning or overview resources.
Red stars indicate hand-picked best buys, exceptional units or special pricing.
Red stars indicate proposed jack-up drilling locations.
Red stars indicate the rank of the commander.
More red stars mean more elation.
Red steel is among the most coveted substances on the Savage Coast.
Red stele is a root disease common in Ohio.
Red stele is the most serious root disease of strawberries.
Red stems are attractive and delicious.
Red stems are poisonous to eat.
Red stools can result from beets.
Red storm awaits Cats in New York .
Red streak runs from the impetigo.
Red streak runs from the wound.
Red streaks develop from the infected area.
Some red streaks appear through the meaty flesh.
Some red streaks run down cheek.
Red suede doublures, all edges gilt, original wrappers bound in.
Red sun shines through the haze.
Red suns rise and set amid figures of lizards, a creature traditionally associated with the sun.
Red sunset shines through dust.
Red sunsets are a beautiful manifestation of the scattering and attenuation of sunlight.
Red supergiants are cool and large.
Red supergiants are observed to rotate slowly or very slowly.
Red supergiants shudder in brightness as their balancing act falters between burning phases.
Red supplies are still abundant but cleaning up fast.
Red swim trunks.
Red symbols indicate failure for that calibrator scan.
Red symbols indicate surface water sites.
Red tags are for females, blue tags are for males.
Red tail hawks flap wings.
Red tails elicit viscous strikes, from every species of top of the line predators.
Red tails have dark brown tips.
Red tails have tips.
Most red tails have dark brown tips.
Most red tails have tips.
Red tape abounds.
Red tape can be annoying, but it isn t paper that blocks the reinvention of government.
Red tape equals transactions.
Red tape holds up new bridge, More old people born today.
Red tape holds up new bridge.
Red tape includes detailed labeling rules, textile quotas and customs regulations.
Red tape is a constant source of complaint among investors.
Red tape is a procedure
Red tape is a weak excuse.
Red tape is another headache.
Red tape is another legendary problem.
Red tape is due to dissolve.
Red tape is fair in a pinch but it diffuses the light too much to focus it well.
Red tape is frankly out of control and threatening to get worse.
Red tape is much more tangled there.
Red tape is only part of the problem.
Red tape is out.
Red tape is still a major problem - and a major source of employment.
Red tape is up.
Red tape occurs.
Red team has to kill the blue flagbearer.
Red team have to run after blue, blue after green and green after red.
Red telephones indicate dial-up data access.
Red text denotes a club or organization that is currently inactive.
Red text denotes a kennel with quarantine facilities.
Red text denotes a required field.
Red text denotes events relating primarily to Spain or Mexico.
Red text denotes related to shafts.
Red text emphasizes the important words, for speed readers.
Red text has a predefined format and can be parsed by the scripts.
Red text highlights locations where a reported value exceeded an air quality standard.
Red text indicate the issue is sold out.
Red text indicates a change from schedules posted here previously.
Red text indicates a class lab.
Red text indicates a new name or title.
Red text indicates a required field .
Red text indicates a required field.
Red text indicates a significant shortcoming.
Red text indicates a third-party product name.
Red text indicates current class topic.
Red text indicates deletions.
Red text indicates fields that are required.
Red text indicates larger town with possible phone access.
Red text indicates mandatory fields.
Red text indicates new or modified information.
Red text indicates portions that have to be elaborated.
Red text indicates postings less than a month old.
Red text indicates proposed deletetions and blue text indicates proposed additions.
Red text indicates required field.
Red text indicates required fields.
RED text indicates required fields.
Red text indicates required information.
Red text indicates the setting of a new record broken within the current year.
Red text indicates towns.
Red text is difficult to view on low-resolution monitors, common to many institutions.
Red text is for emphasis or very important content.
Red text is hypertext, linking to other parts of the program.
Red text is often hard to read.
Red text is used for comments.
Red text is used to emphasize the required engineering design sequence.
Red text is used to indicate required information.
Red text looks best on a white background.
Red text means field for editing.
Red text means that there is supplemental information available by clicking on the red text.
Red text Represents a required field.
Red text represents elected officials.
Red text represents important items or mandatory form fields.
Red text represents proposed edits.
Red text shows the other aspects of the sample affected by the overall search expression.
Any red text indicates an error.
Some red text appears, another event.
Red thread continues to plague many lawns.
Red thread is a disease that is common during cool, wet periods in the spring.
Red thread is common in humid climates and under-fertilized lawns.
Red thread occurs during periods of cool, wet weather and is associated with periods of slow growth.
Red threes are quite unique in play.
Red tide can accumulate in mussels - a part of the whooping crane diet.
Red tide can cause fish to die and can produce toxins that contaminate mussels, clams and oysters.
Red tide can extend for miles along a shore line and last for weeks on end.
Red tide can produce a toxin dangerous to sea life and people.
Red tide contains a naturally occurring toxin dangerous to humans in high concentrations.
Red tide continues to affect fish, anglers, and beach-goers in areas of the Texas coast today.
Red tide continues to be detected in water samples from portions of Galveston Bay.
Red tide continues to seep into South Texas waters.
Red tide generates a neurotoxin that affects the nervous systems of fish and other creatures.
Red tide is a bloom of microscopic algae that attacks the nervous systems of fish.
Red tide is a naturally occurring organism in deep water areas of the Gulf.
Red tide is a population explosion of tiny algae that contain a dangerous toxin.
Red tide is a result of a bloom of small microorganisms.
Red tide is a saltwater
Red tide is algal blooms.
Red tide is also potentially harmful to human health.
Red tide is caused by an algae bloom, which produces a neurotoxin.
Red tide is caused by blooms of microscopic algae which produce a potent neurotoxin.
Red tide is caused by toxins produced by the algae.
Red tide is causes by a red colored toxin that can make humans sick.
Red tide is made up of patches of single- cell plants that cloud coastal waters.
Red tide is really red.
Red tide is seawater.
Red tide is the common name for a marine biotoxin called paralytic shellfish poison.
Red tide is the common name for the explosive growth of certain kind of algae in marine waters.
Red tide is the common name for the growth of certain types of algae in marine waters.
Red tide lingers in the upper Texas coast, although it appears to have weakened.
Red tide occurs when microalgae burst, releasing reddish brown toxins into the water.
Red tide poses a health risk to humans as well.
Red tide represents a major natural source of mortality for manatees in the southwest region.
Red tide sounds so much more impressive.
Red tides are a natural phenomenon.
Red tides are also dinoflagellates but behave more like plants.
Red tides are also responsible for paralytic shellfish poisoning.
Red tides are an overabundance of reddish algae that can kill fish.
Red tides are cause by a species of dinoflagellate.
Red tides are caused by toxic dinoflagellate blooms.
Red tides are composed primarily of one species of dinoflagellate which has been rapidly growing.
Red tides are conditions when a dinoflagellate population increases to huge numbers.
Red tides are dense blooms of certain toxin-producing algae.
Red tides are normally isolated patches.
Red tides are often nothing more than oceanographic oddities, but sometimes they cause problems.
Red tides are very dangerous because they can kill an animal that ingests the substance.
Red tides can also occur in upper beach tidal pools left by a high spring tide.
Red tides can also use up the oxygen in seawater, suffocating sea life.
Red tides can be dangerous, particularly to humans who enjoy eating shell fish.
Red tides can become a problem because of their domino effect in the food chain.
Red tides can cause serious illness and death on other life form - even humans.
Red tides cost hundreds of millions of dol- lars in losses to fisheries and tourism.
Red tides have nothing to do with the tide.
Red tides occur naturally off coasts all over the world.
Red tides occur on both sides of the Atlantic, off Florida, and along the Pacific coast into Alaska.
Red tides seem to be increasing, and there is a major research effort underway to find out why.
Most red tides are harmless .
Red tints are positive.
Red tip seals a linerless cap.
Red tips are particularly susceptible to it.
Red tips indicate increased ability and understanding through dedication and life-commitment.
Red titles indicate descriptions provided by the instructor beyond the catalog descriptions.
Red titles indicate most recently added works.
Red titles indicate required fields.
Red tokens move down and to the right.
Red tomatoes can range in color from deep purple, fiery red to pink.
Red tomatoes falling from the vines invite trouble.
Red tones are warm spots.
Red tones are warmest.
Red top grows in low meadows and coarse slough grass on the bottom lands.
Red traces are solder side.
Red traces are the number of requests bumped back because the server was being hit too frequently.
Red trail follows common route down mountain.
Red trail goes right off of road and along stream.
Red trails are more difficult.
Red trails are rare .
Red trails are rare.
Red traps lure apple maggot flies.
Red triangles are warnings.
Red triangles indicate a region containing at least one order conflict.
Red triangles indicate start codons, green lines indicate stop codons.
Red triangles indicate the location of base stations.
Red triangles represent start codons and vertical green lines indicate stop codons.
Red triangles represent start codons, and the green bars demarkate stop codons.
Red triangles show results from processing of data from yesterdeay.
Red triangles show the locations of active volcanoes.
Red trim is standard.
Red tubing is for hot and blue for cold so everything is easier to identify.
Red tufts hold the thin layer of wool wadding in place under the silk.
Red tulips are another good choice.
Red tulips hide rats.
Red tulips symbolize a declaration of love.
Red type denotes first place.
Red type denotes the flotation of each design.
Red type indicates an additional posting beyond weekly AR column .
Red type indicates cancer most often associated with mutation in the listed gene.
Red type is for the actual text of the proposals.
Some red types turn red only with the onset of cool weather.
Red uniform is only for staff instructors.
Red urchins are an important part of the fishery economy.
Red urchins feed on algas.
Red urchins feed on red algas.
Red urine can be blood or can look red from certain medicines.
A red valerian is a flower
Red valerian is a stately three feet tall and a real sun lover.
Red values are negative.
Red values have more text ahead of the search term, making it more likely to be usable text.
Red values indicate positive correlation and blue values indicate negative correlation.
Red values indicate the earthquakes occurred in Alaska.
Red values indicate the largest ground velocities.
Red values vary along one axis, green along another, and blue along the third.
Red varieties are best when red coloring predominates on all or most of the berries.
Red varieties are indeed rich in carotenes and lycopene.
Red varieties have a delicate, tangy flavor when predominantly red-crimson in color.
Red varieties tend to sucker when headed back rather than make lateral growth.
Some red varieties turn from dark red to bright red, but others remain dark red.
Red vector is unit vector.
Red vector represent the buoyant force .
Red vectors indicate convergent flow, and blue vectors indicate divergent flow.
Red velvet cover with embossed title.
Red vinyl handle grip included.
Red vinyl handle grip provided on non-stainless steel models.
Red vinyl is sold out.
Red vortices are cyclonic and blue vortices are anti-cyclonic.
Some red wagons contain coffins.
Red wasps are active during the day, and return to the nest at night.
Red water drains through wall near road.
Red water is an animal disease
Red water runs in the gutter, sparking the curb.
Red waves are the longest, violet the shortest.
Red waves recall the blaze of that great forge where old gods are smelted down and new ones raised.
Red wavelengths are at the other end of the spectrum.
Red wavelengths are longer than blue wavelengths.
Red wax dripping on paper looks like blood.
Red weeks are the most expensive, high season.
Red West leaves subversive messages here.
Red wheat continues to be popular.
Red wheat is more common.
Red wigglers are able to compost more material.
Red wigglers are available from garden-supply catalogs and through ads in gardening magazines.
Red wigglers reproduce very quickly.
Red wine causes migraines.
Red wine contains a migraine-promoting agent that is neither alcohol nor tyramine.
Red wine contains anti-cancer compounds.
Red wine contains histamines from the skins of the grape.
Red wine contains more artery protecting antioxidants than white wine.
Red wine contains skins, seeds, and stems.
Red wine does have other beneficial aspects which make it best.
Red wine enters the winery straight from the vineyard.
Red wine goes from purple, to red, to orange or brick.
Red wine goes well with either selection.
Red wine goes with everything.
Red wine has a higher content of congeners than white wine.
Red wine has French name spelled backwards in our town.
Red wine has less sugar and more of the beneficial polyphenols than white whines.
Red wine has more flavonoids than white wine.
Red wine has nutrients.
Red wine has some beneficial properties but grape juice has the same ones.
Red wine has substances.
Red wine helps the creative juices flow.
Red wine is also a very good source of boron.
Red wine is also bad, but for a different reason.
Red wine is available in abundance, but white and ros are also produced on the island.
Red wine is discouraged.
Red wine is drunk at room temperature.
Red wine is especially rich in anthocyanins.
Red wine is made by fermenting the juice from grapes along with the skins.
Red wine is made by fermenting the juice with their skins.
Red wine is made by fermenting the juice, pulp, seeds and skins together for several days.
Red wine is made by fermenting the juice, pulp, seeds and skins together.
Red wine is made by keeping the juice in contact with the red skins.
Red wine is made from grapes with red or purple skins.
Red wine is made from red grapes , and white wine is made from white grapes .
Red wine is made from red grapes, and white wine is made from white grapes.
Red wine is made from the pressing of red grapes.
Red wine is made in a process that is distinctly unique from any other kind of wine creation.
Red wine is okay.
Red wine is preferable.
Red wine is reduced with the pan juices for the sauce.
Red wine is rich in antioxidants which has been shown to aid in cellular restoration.
Red wine is served at room temperature.
Red wine is still hot.
Red wine is strong, complicated and maybe hard to get to know.
Red wine is the best, while white wine and dark beer also have some.
Red wine is thought to be of most benefit.
Red wine is wine
Red wine is wine.
Red wine looks like rusty mud once it's out of the destemer.
Red wine uses the skin of red grapes in the production process.
Red wines add that extra flavor to beef dishes, too.
Red wines are by far the largest category at wine auctions.
Red wines are rich in resveratrol, while lighter wines contain lesser amounts.
Red wines are tintos and the whites are blancos .
Red wines are unsuitable.
Red wines are usually better suited for storage than white wines.
Red wines are usually the least ready to drink when they appear on retailers shelves.
Red wines become reddish-brown, white wines darken.
Red wines begin life as purple, changing with age to red, mahogany, and eventually brown.
Red wines clash badly with smoked chicken.
Red wines clash badly.
Red wines combine with roasted fowl.
Red wines contain far more tannin than white wines.
Red wines contain polyphenols compounds formed during the fermentation process.
Red wines do go very nicely with heavier foods - beef, red pasta, and so on.
Red wines have especially high tannin contents, making the wine undrinkable.
Red wines have higher tannin level than whites, because reds are left to ferment on their skins.
Red wines look very promising.
Red wines range from dense purple to pale cherry depending on grape variety and age.
Red wines range from red, ruby to purple, garnet and brick.
Red wines seem to taste better at warmer temperatures than white wines.
Red wines start life dark, and usually purple.
Red wines undergo secondary fermentation and aging here as well.
Red wines vary from purple-ruby to deep garnet.
All red wine is aged in wood because it does require a longer ageing period.
Most red wine has nutrients.
Most red wine has substances.
Most red wines are dry and have a wide variety of flavors and aromas.
Most red wines become clear automatically.
Most red wines undergo malolactic fermentation.
Red wire has male, Black wire has female connector.
Red wire is connected to the large fork on the plugs, green to the small fork.
Red wire is grounded.
Red wire is positive, Black wire is negative.
Red wire is positive.
Red wire is used for all but one of the cableforms .
A red wolf is a wolf
Red wolfs are mammals.
Red wolfs are wolfs.
Red wolves are an endangered species.
Red wolves are intermediate in size between gray wolves and coyotes.
Red wolves are intermediate in size between the grey wolf and the coyote.
Red wolves are lean canids often with black tipped bushy tails.
Red wolves are monogamous animals, so they only mate with one other individual for life.
Red wolves are nocturnal.
Red wolves are primarily nocturnal, but they are active during the day in the winter months.
Red wolves are smaller than their gray counterparts.
Red wolves are very rare and are found in the south-eastern United States.
Red wolves communicate through body language, scent marking, and a series of vocalizations.
Red wolves eat prey.
Red wolves eat smaller prey such as rodents, insects and rabbits.
Red wolves have a broadly similar diet with more emphasis on the smaller prey species.
Red Wolves have a reddish coat that varies from light brown to almost black.
Red wolves have coats.
Red wolves have heavy coats.
Red wolves have long thin legs, are good runners, and have large pointed ears.
Red wolves have several coat colors including black, brown, gray and yellow.
Red wolves have tall, pointed ears and long legs with big feet.
Red wolves live in extended family groups called packs.
Red wolves live in the southeastern United States, where they are endangered.
Red wolves look much like a coyote, but larger.
Red wolves look much like gray wolves, but they are larger than foxes and smaller than gray wolves.
Red wolves mate for life and share the rearing of the young.
Red wolves mate for life, and each pack is formed around the breeding pair.
Red wolves mate for life.
Red wolves prefer to live in forests, swamps and coastal prairies.
Red wolves prey on a variety of species, from rodents to white-tailed deer.
Red wolves prey upon white-tailed deer, raccoons, and rabbits.
Red wolves prey upon white-tailed deer, raccoons, marsh rabbits, rodents, and birds.
Red wolves rush onto the screen and kidnap a couple of the piglets.
Red wolves seem to be most active at night.
Red wolves tend to form pair-bonds for life.
Red wolves thrive at Gulf Islands.
Red wolves use a variety of habitat types throughout southeastern and eastern North America.
Most red wolves eat prey.
Most red wolves have heavy coats.
Red wood are the coolest new band around.
Red words are Telnet commands.
Red words indicate a link to information on that topic.
Red words indicate a required field.
A red worm is a segmented worm
Red worms are a kind of earthworm that are specifically adapted to eating rotting vegetable matter.
Red worms are a safe bet for bait.
Red worms are available by mail.
Red worms are the most satisfactory to use in home vermicomposting systems.
Red worms are top feeders.
Red worms become active over the full moon phase.
Red worms can survive cold winters outside if protected by bedding in a worm bin.
Red worms lend a big hand in the composting process.
Red worms love the waste from guinea pigs.
Red worms reproduce often.
Red worms thrive on organic waste.
Some red worms eat roots.
Red wrigglers are the most popular strain of worm used by fisherman, today.
Red yeast contains chemicals similar to statin-like drugs.
Red yeast is intended to provide nutritive support to help maintain healthy cholesterol levels.
Red zone is for people who want to confront the police and probably get arrested.
Red zones are of the highest population density.
Red begins by placing a red peg anywhere on the board, then blue places a blue peg and so on.
RED begins with all the points in their control.
RED distributes losses in time and maintains normally low queue depth while absorbing spikes.
Red does seem to be a color that is a bit too loud.
RED indicates decrease.
Red indicates highways and urban areas.
Red indicates low greenness, through yellow, green blue to purple which indicates high greenness.
RED indicates that acid has been produced.
Red indicates upward flow while blue indicates downward flow.
Red is color
Red is color.
Red is colour.
Red is part of spectrums.
Red is primary color.
RED represents ozone levels that are unhealthy for everyone.
RED stimulates the creative right hemisphere of the brain.
RED symbolizes courage, zeal, the blood of life, and fire.
RED wins if it prevents BLU from capturing all points before the timer expires.
Reds also live on the bottom.
Reds also prefer pinfish and shrimp fished under a cork over rocky bottom.
Reds also sprout less.
Reds appear dark, and greens appear somewhat lighter and duller.
Reds appear darker than normal.
Reds appear redder, blues are bluer and greens are greener.
Reds are a bit deeper but cooperating.
Reds are accurate, but the transfer otherwise is a somewhat tired-looking effort.
Reds are all over the place.
Reds are also possible on an outgoing tide.
Reds are also the top bean source of iron.
Reds are best with three to five years' age .
Reds are communicators.
Reds are flash thinkers.
Reds are for short keeping only.
Reds are forgetful and can be moody.
Reds are hotter than normal.
Reds are in a feeding mode and some are working tight to the shoreline aggressively.
Reds are in that category.
Reds are more likely than any other colors to invade clothes of other colors.
Reds are more uneven.
Reds are motivational, magical miracle workers.
Reds are on the flats around the power plant.
Reds are outstanding players.
Reds are particularly full bodied for Bordeaux.
Reds are passionate.
Reds are probably the most prevelent.
Reds are red oak, red maple, and sumac.
Reds are red, the sky is blue etc.
Reds are redder and greens are greener.
Reds are redfish, a popular sport and eating fish.
Reds are rich.
Reds are shallower water depths, whereas blues are deeper.
Reds are shallower, blues deeper.
Reds are shallower, while blues are deeper.
Reds are slow, blues are fast and the in between are moderate.
Reds are still around on the flats and there are plenty of trout, but they are moving around a lot.
Reds are the ones that usually breathe.
Reds are the people who add life to the things they touch.
Reds are usually better the older they are but look for a flat top on the cork.
Reds become paler with age.
Reds become redder and all other colors become richer and darker throughout the animals body.
Reds become redder and all other colors become richer and darker throughout the dogs body.
Reds burn bonfire crimson.
Reds can be bitter.
Reds can benefit from seven to nine years' aging .
Reds can benefit from three to five years' cellaring.
Reds can generally improve for five years or so.
Reds can improve with five to ten years' age , but drink well soon after release.
Reds can indicate selfishness, hate or temper.
Reds can keep for ten years, occasionally more.
Reds can keep for three years.
Reds come in dry, semi-sweet, sweet and port.
Reds crush Wolves .
Reds deserve short aging .
Reds embarrass Wolves .
Reds fly up and drop like petals on an autumn day.
Reds get lighter as they age.
Reds go very deep and dark, pinks go to a deeper shade and yellows deepen only a little.
Reds have a rosy color and are rich in flavor.
Reds have bright, wide open eyes and nicely rounded wattles.
Reds have well-developed senses of smell and hearing.
Reds indicate areas of greatest speed, while greens and blues are slower.
Reds indicate areas of highest throw, and dark blues low throw.
Reds love adventure and excitement.
Reds love to live in physical reality, to manipulate their environment.
Reds make almost as much noise as snook when they suck in the bait with a loud pop.
Reds mature later.
Reds mature well for six to eight years.
Reds now show riper tannins and juicy, soft fruit.
Reds range widely, especially when looking for mates.
Reds really deserve anything from three to eight years' bottle age .
Reds remain in the same places as well as the ponds along Grand Bayou, Magnolia.
Reds remain strong, from auburn to dark red.
Reds represent high concentration of a component, blues and purples represent low concentration.
Reds require proof that something exists.
Reds resist schedules and hierarchies.
Reds seem to be more susceptible to mange than gray foxes.
Reds show early drinkability but can improve beyond five years.
Reds show the most aging potential - the best for five years or more.
Reds stimulate our nervous system and increase assertiveness.
Reds strike best on overcast or rainy days, in clear-running areas of the river.
Reds tend to be better than whites.
Reds tend to 'disappear' in a dim light.
Reds tend to tell more in terms of age and quality by their color.
Reds often develop in the autumn under the influence of sunny days.
All reds are capable of age , the more concentrated versions for ten years or more.
All reds are likely to be at their best sometime after five years, though can be drunk sooner.
Many reds look regal over a coat of gold.
Many reds taste like black cherry.
Most reds are best when they are basically room temperature but the slightest bit cool.
Most reds can improve for five years or more, Amarone for much longer.
Most reds keep for five years or more.
Some reds turn darker after firing.
Redaction consists of literally cutting out of the book the affected pages.
Redaction is a writing
Redaction is an older word for editing.
Redaction is writing.
Redactions block out portions of the image and can be labeled for identification.
Most redactions take hours to understand and create, and more time to cook.
Redback males seem to facilitate sexual cannibalism.
A redbird is a tanager
Redbird is a traditional native type drum.
Redbird is on the top floor of the north building.
Redbirds are consistently among conference leaders in home attendance.
Redbirds Fall to No.
Redbirds snap a five-game losing streak with victory.
Redbirds sweep the three-game series.
Redbirds win first conference game of season.
Redbirds win season-high fifth straight game.
A redbone is a hound
Redbone blends elements of vaudeville, country blues, pop music old and new, and jazz.
Redbones are hounds.
Redbones are typical scenthounds.
Redbones can be loud and stubborn.
Redbones is a great supporter of the local Boston biking scene.
Redbones is relaxed and friendly.
Redbreast fishing is excellent throughout the summer months.
Redbreast fishing is excellent with live crickets and small spinners producing the most fish.
Redbreast sunfish appear to be better bioindicators of organochlorine compound contamination.
Redbreast sunfish are the most abundant game fish in the river.
Redbreast sunfish have similar spawning habits to other sunfish.
Redbud cabin is handicapped accessible.
Redbud cabin is wheelchair accessible.
Redbud flowers are edible, with a slightly nutty flavor.
Redbud leaves are large and heart-shaped.
A redbud is a tree
Redbuds also appear as understory growth in many hardwood forests.
Redbuds also have brows pods that usually appear in early summer.
Redbuds are an understory tree.
Redbuds are common.
Redbuds are legumes.
Redbuds are trees.
Redbuds do great in full sun or partial shade.
Redbuds have the longest bloom time of any spring flowering tree.
Redbuds still provide the first hope of spring.
Redbuds tolerate moderate dry spells, but do better when irrigated in summer dry spells.
Many redbuds are in bloom, and now some have leaves starting to open.
A redbug is a mite
Redbugs avoid bright sunlight, so hiking in sunny areas is a good idea too.
REDC Multimedia can handle all areas of CD card development.
A redcap is a lawman
Redcaps are small in size, with pale skin, long noses, and huge eyes.
Redcaps have sharp eagle's talons with which they kill humans.
Redcaps wears iron boots, but are swift on their feet.
A redcoat is a soldier
Redcoats provides excellent corporate entertainment facilities.
Reddick soils are more alkaline than slightly acid in the upper part of the series control section.
Reddick soils have more clay in the lower part of the solum.
Some reddish blossoms precede leaves.
Reddish blotches can take months to a year to fade.
Reddish color is mainly due to oxides of iron and aluminum.
Reddish colors occur regularly in areas and some raccoons are darker colors.
Reddish egrets are also regular visitors.
Reddish face is common to all macaques.
Reddish flowers attract bees.
Reddish flowers turn almost pure white.
Most reddish flowers attract bees.
Some reddish flowers develop into seeds.
Reddish fruit is somewhat tart.
Reddish hairs are visible on the calyx and some of the other surfaces in the background.
Reddish hues are various types of vegetation.
Some reddish minerals contain mercury.
Reddish owls are more common in the southern states, while the gray phase prevails in the north.
Reddish purple flowers attract bees.
Reddish stains are likely to be iron.
Reddish stars are the coolest.
Reddish stripes remain on the uniquely colored buff clay.
Some reddish stripes run down centers.
Some reddish tails have feathers.
Reddish whites indicate oxidized color developer.
Some reddish worms form from long-standing snow which has turned reddish.
Redear abundance is the highest ever observed at the lake.
Redear growth is more rapid than bluegill.
Redear sunfish are best suited to large, warm lakes with low turbidity and vegetated shallows.
Redear sunfish have a naturally low reproductive capacity.
Redeemed credits are good for jumps only.
Redeemed properties are no longer available for sale by tax deed auction.
Redeemer governments assume power in South Carolina, Florida, and Louisiana.
Redeemer governments win control in Arkansas and Alabama.
A redeemer is a person
Redeemer continues to be one of the largest Lutheran schools in Texas and in the United States.
Redeemer contributes to a variety of local, state, regional and national ministries.
Redeemer hosts two trips there per year.
Redeemer is a purpose-driven church helping new and present members grow in their faith.
Redeemer is at that intersection.
Redeemer is both factually and procedurally distinguishable.
Redeemer is proud to recognize academic excellence in new student.
Redeemer sponsors many ministries individually and joins other churches in some areas.
Redefining text is right.
Redefining words can be dangerous.
Redefinition affects all occurrences of the block with the same name.
Redefinition can be a strange and sideways gift in the land of sick.
Redefinition is definition
Redefinition is definition.
Redefinition is required.
Redefinition is the easiest.
Redefinition reflects the practices of the current business world and today's trends.
Redemption fees apply.
Some redemption fees stay the same indefinitely.
Redemption value is less than face value.
Redemption yield measures the capital as well as the income return on a bond.
A redemption is a rescue
Redemption also captures a range of gameplay, and can be enjoyed on many different levels.
Redemption also means deliverance from the power of sin.
Redemption basically means to save or deliver by payment of a price.
Redemption becomes a personal task.
Redemption can be as quick as the blink of an eye.
Redemption can be for down-payment, a balance due, or full payment as appropriate.
Redemption comes little by little, slowly, one step at a time.
Redemption comes with hideous ways.
Redemption consists of two parts, the one legal, the other moral.
Redemption does draw near.
Redemption does, however, bring grace to make the absence of our loved ones more endurable.
Redemption forgives the past and offers a way to keep from repeating the same sins again.
Redemption has a past, a present, and a future.
Redemption has an eschatological aspect also which transcends time.
Redemption has four stages.
Redemption has two consequences.
Redemption here has two different but interdependent meanings.
Redemption implies the return of the rectified power of speech to Rachel.
Redemption includes the gradual removal of the effects of sin on our minds.
Redemption involves the payment of a price.
Redemption is a big word but it has a simple meaning.
Redemption is a collectable trading card game based on the Bible.
Redemption is a collectable trading card game of Biblical adventures for two or more players.
Redemption is a fact accomplished.
Redemption is a family matter.
Redemption is a glorious thing.
Redemption is a great teacher.
Redemption is a huge issue in Star Trek .
Redemption is a labor of love, it says.
Redemption is a major theme to the film, although often irreverently discussed.
Redemption is a marvelous and eternal bond.
Redemption is a mix between role playing, action, narrative and puzzle solving.
Redemption is a slightly better film in that regard.
Redemption is a solid basis for confidence.
Redemption is a very important and prominent theme in the Scriptures.
Redemption is about being redeemed.
Redemption is also flexible.
Redemption is an outgrowth rather than a reversal of suffering.
Redemption is arguably the hottest game Christian teenagers are playing today.
Redemption is available but one has to choose it.
Redemption is certainly one of the grand themes of the Bible.
Redemption is clearly limited in time.
Redemption is close at hand.
Redemption is counterproductive.
Redemption is currently in production.
Redemption is deliverance by the payment of a price.
Redemption is difficult to the self purposed soul.
Redemption is discussed, along with the creation of other profoundly simple songs.
Redemption is easy and automatic.
Redemption is eternal.
Redemption is for all creation.
Redemption is from the pit of sin.
Redemption is impossible, it appears.
Redemption is in the very act of planting.
Redemption is just one facet of our salvation.
Redemption is linked to the wholesale price index.
Redemption is made possible only by the blood of the sacrifice.
Redemption is now.
Redemption is offered by a woman of scarlet, for the twice bless'd to seek out.
Redemption is one name for the solution.
Redemption is one thing, cheap labor another.
Redemption is on-going.
Redemption is partly a theological issue.
Redemption is possible, but never cheap or easy.
Redemption is possible, even for the worst crime.
Redemption is provided by the versatile hatchback design.
Redemption is quick and easy.
Redemption is quite possible for Armada .
Redemption is salvation, deliverance, and rescue.
Redemption is solely the responsibility of specified merchants.
Redemption is still through suffering.
Redemption is subject to availability.
Redemption is sweet.
Redemption is the basic theme.
Redemption is the basis of justification.
Redemption is the freeing of a man from misery by the intervention of a ransom, as appeareth.
Redemption is the key word of the book and the theme is redemption through the blood.
Redemption is the light at the end of the tunnel.
Redemption is the message of the shofar permeating completely.
Redemption is the promise for all people.
Redemption is the same way.
Redemption is the topic on talk radio.
Redemption is to restore and recover what was previously determined by creation.
Redemption is to return to that Eden-like state of nature before man's corruption of Earth.
Redemption is to serve and to sacrifice one s own interests for the benefit of others.
Redemption leads to revelation, both of which lead to worship.
Redemption lies through faith and obedience.
Redemption marks the new beginning of life.
Redemption means buying something back.
Redemption means that all rights to the property are restored to the borrower.
Redemption means the paying of the price.
Redemption means the restoration of true selfhood and the dignity of true self-possession.
Redemption means there is a future.
Redemption means to be bought back for the original purpose.
Redemption means to buy back from under the penalty of law.
Redemption means to buy out of slavery.
Redemption nevertheless remains an offer of salvation which it is up to people to accept freely.
Redemption now operates on an accelerated schedule, too.
Redemption offers quite a large variety, divided into about a dozen different categories.
Redemption reaches even beyond the grave.
Redemption refers to the act of buying something or someone back from what they've been sold into.
Redemption requires a price be paid for the object being redeemed.
Redemption requires a rigorous confrontation with the truth.
Redemption speaks of the salvation of mankind.
Redemption still has a long ways to go.
Redemption takes care of our fall.
Redemption utilizes points in the order in which they are earned.
Redemptions are a normal part of the mutual fund business . . .
Redemptions are as simple as a phone call.
Redemptions are events.
Redemptions are exchanges.
Redemptions are located in confessions.
Redemptions are purchases.
Redemptions are rescues.
Redemptions are switches out of a fund or sale of the fund.
Redemptions offset rising gross sales.
Redemption always means the payment of a price to secure release.
All redemptions ARE subject to ticket availability.
Redemptive correction brings one to repentance, forgiveness, growth, and accountability.
Redemptive history reveals that the writers often speak to others in the future.
Redemptive movements are concerned to rescue people from a life they see as corrupting.
Redemptive poverty is the result of giving away our wealth.
Redemptive relationships go beyond mere friendships.
Redemptive upgrades are available for all members.
All Redemptorist candidates participate in a formation program.
A redeployment is deployment
Redeployment relies on individuals knowing about opportunities outside their specific work area.
Redesign changes are likely also to incorporate efficiency and substitution changes.
Redesign changes are more fundamental and involve whole production systems.
Redesign grants are five-year grants and include technical assistance.
Redevelopment efforts improve the community's image and economic and social climates.
Redevelopment financing is available through the REDA office.
All redevelopment meetings are open to the public.
Redevelopment project is consistent with local comprehensive plan.
Redevelopment can bring new jobs and higher tax revenues.
Redevelopment can involve commercial, industrial, recreational or conservation uses.
Redevelopment can involve the creation of commercial, industrial, recreational or conservation uses.
Redevelopment can promote renovation and sponsor improvements towards the growth of the community.
Redevelopment includes a planned effort and intent to re-focus the congregation's ministry.
Redevelopment involves more than repainting a storefront or razing an abandoned building.
Redevelopment is a process created to assist local governments to revitalize an area.
Redevelopment is an effective way to breathe new life into deteriorated areas.
Redevelopment is another form of bureaucracy in Fresno and most urban centers.
Redevelopment is complicated by real or perceived environmental contamination.
Redevelopment is currently under consideration.
Redevelopment is hard work and it requires vision and persistence.
Redevelopment is improvement
Redevelopment is primarily a means for local governments to increase their tax revenue dollars.
Redevelopment is the answer to providing industrial space and improving the city in general.
Redevelopment is tough because lines run through established neighborhoods.
Redevelopment means access to existing infrastructure including roads, water, sewer, etc.
Redevelopment provides opportunities to manage development pressures.
Redevelopment refers to constructing new development on previously developed parcels of land.
Redevelopment replaces new development.
Redevelopment takes on old Dimensions.
Redevelopment often leads to unfair competition.
Redeye bass are similar in appearance to shoal bass, but live in different areas.
A redeye is flight
Redeyes also have a red iris.
Redfern police defends the raids, asserts the move was drug and crime related.
Redfish Lake is a wonderful place for sail boating.
Redfish technology specializes in addressing the specific needs of our companies and our candidates.
A redfish is a rockfish
Redfish are good along the shorelines on the same baits.
Redfish are good in Moses Lake on live shrimp under a popping cork.
Redfish are good in the back lakes on live shrimp.
Redfish are good in the surf on finger mullet.
Redfish are good on live shad.
Redfish are good on live shrimp over shell along the shorelines and in the surf.
Redfish are good on the shell on live shrimp under a popping cork.
Redfish seem to prefer a mixture of sand patches and sea grass.
Redfishs are rockfishs.
Redfishs are salmon.
Most redfish have at least one spot on either side of the tail.
A redhead is a person
Redheads are a special breed.
Redheads are also more common than canvasbacks.
Redheads are always a little crazy.
Redheads are birds.
Redheads are ducks.
Redheads are evil in the best possible way.
Redheads are humans.
Redheads are just hotter than other girls.
Redheads are musicals.
Redheads are people.
Redheads are sexually more active than others.
Redheads are sexy.
Redheads are sill treated differently in our modern society.
Redheads are so maligned.
Redheads are too numerous to be ignored, too rare to be accepted.
Redheads are typically no more affected by nipple soreness than women with darker complexions.
Redheads can either intensify the red or go for strawberry or honey-blonde highlights.
Redheads can wear more red.
Redheads do great with greens, blues and earthy tones.
Redheads generally have psychological problems.
Redheads have a color similar to canvasbacks except the redheads bodies are much grayer.
Redheads have the thickest hair, but have the smallest number of strands.
Redheads is a serious page turner.
Redheads is fiction, but the conservation issues in Borneo are real.
Redheads matches manufacturer.
Redheads now inhabit the place of grace.
Redheads privates dancers busty housewives fists orgys.
Redheads seem to be horny too.
Redheads wintering in Louisiana and Texas have similar diets.
Redheads xxx nude pictures too.
Redheads usually sunburn easily.
All redheads do.
Redheaded farmers raise more carrots than anyone else and the hottest red peppers.
Redheaded ladies can enter without knocking.
A redheaded woodpecker is a woodpecker
Redheaded woodpeckers are easy to find year-round.
Redhumped caterpillars pass the winter as full grown larvae in cocoons on the ground.
Redhumped caterpillars seem to be more abundant after a warm winter.
Redirect directive can return permanent or temporary redirects.
Redirect fluid drains to prevent drainage onto walkways.
Redirect names can contain unique characters as word separators allowing for very unique names.
Redirect programs are usually free.
Redirect services offer minimal expense, flexibility, and convenience.
Redirect statement is used to redirect to the page in which the client-side breakpoint was set.
Rediscoveries have a fresh look, they appear as new discoveries.
Rediscovery is a discovery
Redish colors indicate uplift, and blueish colors indicate subsidence.
Redistributed stresses cause new crack initiation in an adjacent area.
Redistribution of wealth is necessary if the market is to survive.
Redistribution adds a third element to the proposals.
Redistribution can be much simpler, and much quicker.
Redistribution happens as they share their skills and empower others to take charge of their lives.
Redistribution is a delicate process.
Redistribution is an important goal in Sweden s pension policy.
Redistribution is authorized and encouraged provided that the source is cited.
Redistribution is distribution
Redistribution is distribution.
Redistribution is encouraged.
Redistribution is for everyone who needs land.
Redistribution is forbidden.
Redistribution is one goal, and a very important one.
Redistribution is one of the central tenets of the welfare state, and of socialism.
Redistribution is perhaps the only area that HPC.Connect needs to improve on.
Redistribution is prohibitted.
Redistribution is pursuant to group rights expressed in something called entitlement .
Redistribution is restricted.
Redistribution is royalty-free and without any reporting requirements.
Redistribution is virtually impossible to control.
Redistribution isa event.
Redistribution scemes such as social security and welfare.
All redistribution is intergenerational.
Most redistributions are royalty free.
Some redistribution is necessary, and probably beneficial.
Redistributional policy is viewed as being always good or always bad.
Redlegged grasshoppers are reddish brown with a yellow underside.
RedLight Video live peep show offers hardcore gay and straight videos.
Redlined versions show what each amendment added or deleted .
A redneck is a common man
Rednecks agree to answer questions, but only if the girls expose their breasts.
Rednecks appear and disappear more quickly as the game progresses.
Rednecks are located in trailer parks.
Rednecks are pretty good people, and some are pretty good golfers, too.
Rednecks are the glue holding society, American society in particular, together.
Rednecks can be from anywhere in the world.
Rednecks do tend to get rowdy.
Rednecks have class, too, and they understand golf's rules of etiquette.
Rednecks keep taking it, well, in the neck, when it comes to insults.
Rednecks know how to respect, love, and care about females.
Rednecks react to the thought of a pass by a gay man with fear, distrust and occasionally even hate.
All redneck fascists.
Redness appears around the entire eye.
Redness can indicate infection or inflammation.
Redness denotes higher dye concentration.
Redness is a symptom
Redness is common and gradually diminishes over time.
Redness is seen on the tip of the nose and onto the cheeks, upper lip, and chin.
Redness persists for an unpredictable length of time, varying from three weeks to four months.
Redo information is generated, but is stored in a separate location in memory.
Redo logs apply the appropriate changes to the underlying datafiles in recovery situations.
Redone assignments are due ten days after the original assignment was due.
All redox reactions involve electron transfer.
A redox is reaction
Many redox are notoriously slow to equilibrate.
Redoximorphic features are a type of mottling that is associated with wetness.
Redoximorphic features are can have a variety of colors.
Redoximorphic features are common or many.
Redoximorphic features are common to many and are of both high and low chroma.
Redoximorphic features are commonly present.
Redoximorphic features are evident.
Redoximorphic features are few through many and faint, or they are absent.
Redoximorphic features are high or low chroma.
Redoximorphic features are large enough to be seen with the naked eye.
Redoximorphic features are of both high and low chroma.
Redoximorphic features are present in some pedons.
Redoximorphic features are present.
Redoximorphic features occur in some pedons.
Redoximorphic features range from common to many and faint through prominent.
Redoximorphic features range from few to common in shades of brown, yellow, or gray.
Redoximorphic features range from few to many, fine or medium, distinct or prominent.
Redoximorphic features range from few to many.
Redoximorphic features range from none to few in shades of red.
Redoximorphic features range from none to few in shades of yellow, brown, or red.
Redoximorphic features range from none to many and are fine to coarse.
Redpen soils are on fan remnants on valley sides.
A redpoll is a finch
Redpolls are a mixed blessing.
Redpolls are at thistle seed feeders in very large groups.
Redpolls are finchs.
Redpolls feed on the seed, and warblers on the insects.
Redpolls remain in the area.
Redpolls seem to prefer birch and aspen seeds.
Redpolls thrive on birch seeds in winter and spring.
All redpolls are northern breeding woodland species, associated with birch trees.
Redrawn portions duplicate the stroke attributes of the original path.
Redressive action is the culturally defined process that resolves the crisis.
Reds fans can expect a very different management style.
A redshank is a sandpiper
Redshank are common throughout the year.
Redshift surveys are one of the prime tools of observational cosmology.
A redshift is propagation
Redshift applies to radio waves, and other wavelengths, as well as to light.
Redshift applies to radio waves, and other wavelengths, as well as visible light.
Redshift indicates that an object is moving away from the observer.
Redshift is a common measurement of astronomical distances.
Redshift is a measure of celestial distance.
Redshift is a measure of celestial distances.
Redshift is a measure of how fast galaxies are moving away from Earth.
Redshift is a planetarium program which can put the user on any object in the solar system.
Redshift is the shift of spectral lines toward longer wavelength.
Redshifts are to the right.
Redshifts give astronomers an idea of how far away a galaxy or quasar is.
Redshifts have a plus instead of the minus.
Redside dace are group spawners, frequently depositing their eggs in creek chub nests.
Redside dace are one of the most colorful minnows.
A redstart is a thrush
REDstart is an enhancement program designed to revitalize our Redfish population.
Redstarts actually spend the majority of the year in the tropics.
Redtail hawks hover overhead.
A redtail is a thrush
Redtails are hawks.
Redtails are numerous migrants at many watchsites throughout their North America range.
Redtails come in a variety of color phases, ranging from nearly white to nearly black.
Redtails favor open areas with patches of trees.
Redtails generally breed in their third year.
Redtails have a very obvious reddish colored tail.
Redtails frequently feed on carrion, including roadkills.
Reduce bile has impact.
Reduce bile has strong impact.
Reduce dietary intake prevents diseases.
Reduce dietary intake prevents kidney diseases.
Reduce energy use has benefits.
Reduce energy use has environmental benefits.
Reduce energy use has significant benefits.
Reduce energy use has significant environmental benefits.
Reduce intake prevents diseases.
Reduce intake prevents kidney diseases.
Reduce water reduces armadillo damage.
Reduce water reduces damage.
Reduced activity is the most common treatment.
Reduced acuity is caused by the inability to maintain steady fixation.
Reduced administration saves valuable time and money.
Reduced airfares are often available with careful looking and early purchase.
Reduced assets improves borrowing capabilities.
Reduced benefits are available for early retirement.
Reduced comprehension suggests increased attention is needed for visual control.
Reduced cost is a benefit, no question.
Reduced cost rabies vaccination clinics.
Reduced dues are available for recent graduates.
Reduced dues are available to recent dental graduates and residents.
Reduced dues are possible.
Reduced exertion means less body heat being produced.
Reduced fares are available based on eligibility.
Reduced fares are available for elderly and disabled citizens.
Reduced fares are available for OAPs and children.
Reduced fares are available for senior citizens and people with disabilities.
Reduced fares are available for senior citizens and persons with disabilities.
Reduced fares are available for students and seniors.
Reduced fares are available on all departures for third and fourth passengers in a cabin.
Reduced fares are available to children, students, senior citizens and persons with disabilities.
Reduced fares are available with senior I.D. and disability cards.
Reduced heterozygosity is most dramatic with selfing.
Reduced hours apply during semester breaks.
Reduced hours apply during the summer.
Reduced hours apply during vacation periods and public holidays.
Reduced hours apply outside of term-time.
Reduced hours are in effect during school breaks.
Reduced hours are in effect during vacation periods and the summer.
Reduced innovation raises costs and lowers the quality of services.
Reduced liquidity is the last thing needed by the world s rapidly dehydrating financial system.
Reduced litigation is a principal advantage.
Reduced loads apply to teaching responsibilities only.
Reduced lunches are available at all three schools.
Reduced membership is available to new women surgeons for their first two years out of residency.
Reduced output means less for the existing dollars to buy.
Reduced packaging increases product facings by allowing more product in less space.
Reduced photocopies are acceptable.
Reduced platelets can lead to bleeding and easily-formed bruises.
Reduced populations are also less resilient to extreme, destructive events.
Reduced pressure is what causes the gushing of a geyser.
Reduced prices are available for faculty members or students in academic institutions.
Reduced prices are available for large orders.
Reduced prices are available to members.
Reduced print is permissible in the publication.
Reduced revisions cost.
Reduced schedule leave working fewer days or hours per week.
Reduced service operates when there are no classes in session.
Reduced space means reduced material handling requirements.
Reduced speeds are necessary.
Reduced speeds lead to less fuel being used and less pollution.
Reduced staff means fewer managers are needed.
Reduced subscriptions are available for young members.
Reduced survival can also result in an even greater reduction in productivity.
Reduced tariffs give American consumers cheaper products and more choices.
Reduced temperatures lengthen setting time.
Reduced temperatures mean reduced toxicity.
Reduced tickets are available to students for about the price of a pint.
Reduced tillage is one way.
Reduced vinegars work well.
Reduced visibility is caused by snow, blowing snow, or mixtures of snow and soil.
Reduced visibility is caused largely by fine sulfur particles that create a white haze.
Reduced vowel See vowel reduction .
Reduced waste can also lead to improved products and safety for workers.
Reduced weight allows a shallower, narrower hull requiring less power.
Reduced weight allows greater portability.
Reduced weight allows more product to be shipped per load.
Reduced weight means less fatigue.
A reducer is a chemical agent
Reducer valves regulate peak pressure and onset to peak time.
Reducers are a compromise solution.
Reducers are accessory optics that screw onto the cameras own viewfinder.
Reducers are solutions which remove silver from negatives and prints.
Reduction agents are normally Acidic .
Reduction division is the process by which gametes are produced.
Reduction division occurs during germinates of oospore.
Reduction drives are optional.
Reduction functions work well in a parallel environment.
Reduction gears lower the spinning speed and thereby increase the power to the line.
Reduction gearing makes for effortless turning.
Reduction of poverty increases the productive human resources and stimulates the market.
Reduction of poverty is a national goal.
All reduction operators are stagger-aware now and can be applied to arrays of arbitrary dimensions.
Reduction potential is similar to being a reductant.
Reduction potential operates the same way.
Reduction reaction is chemical reaction.
Reduction reaction is issuing.
Reduction reaction means addition of hydrogen to a reaction.
Reduction reaction occurs in reductions.
Reduction reaction occurs on the cathode.
Reduction reactions involve electron gain and are endergonic.
Most reduction reaction occurs in reductions.
Some reduction reaction produces gases.
Some reduction reaction produces hydrogen gases.
Some reduction reaction takes places.
Reduction strategies tend to focus on the consumer.
A reduction is an action
Reduction also occurs in raw materials and spare parts.
Reduction applies only to chemical reactions where a transfer of electrons occurs.
Reduction assumes the commitment and involvement of all citizens.
Reduction can also be about explanation and methodology.
Reduction can only occur in combination with oxidation .
Reduction can really help save paper as well as the physical work of putting the charts together.
Reduction describes tax in the third piece of legislation.
Reduction enters the evolutionary debate in the form of the issue of group selection .
Reduction gearing greatly extends the lower range of chopping frequencies.
Reduction has no impact on retirement benefits of state employees.
Reduction has no limitations with image editing software.
Reduction implies that the data are summarized using descriptive statistics.
Reduction involves the gain of an electron, thereby storing energy.
Reduction is a compact subject, centering on the problem of variance control.
Reduction is a difficult piece of philosophical terminology.
Reduction is a major first step.
Reduction is a way of transforming a long hard problem into many short simple ones.
Reduction is achieved by size-reduction or compression of transferred images.
Reduction is an adjunct rather than a corollary of sexuality.
Reduction is an amount by which something is diminished or reduced.
Reduction is at the heart of progress in science.
Reduction is automatic.
Reduction is begun within two to four weeks.
Reduction is common in various groups, but increase occurs here only.
Reduction is due more to water savings than to electricity savings.
Reduction is effected by high-frequency inductors through heating until a cake state.
Reduction is facilitated by the division of the sacrospinous ligament.
Reduction is gain, a gain of electrons.
Reduction is loss of oxygen.
Reduction is obtained with hyperlordosis.
Reduction is often the first step to quitting entirely.
Reduction is only bad-pixel masking.
Reduction is performed repeatedly until no further reduction is possible.
Reduction is possible for outstanding students.
Reduction is quite dramatic.
Reduction is rather the only practicable way to approach elimination.
Reduction is recommended for inside and outside use.
Reduction is recommended.
Reduction is the complementary gain of electrons by another molecule.
Reduction is the gain of an electron.
Reduction is the gain of electrons .
Reduction is the gain of electrons or a decrease in oxidation state by a molecule, atom, or ion.
Reduction is the gain of electrons or H atoms.
Reduction is the gain of electrons.
Reduction is the medical term for lining up the two ends of the bone.
Reduction is the most powerful of the three Rs.
Reduction is the name of the process of miniaturizing a millefiori cane.
Reduction is the opposite of oxidation .
Reduction is the opposite of oxidation, it is the addition of electrons to a molecule.
Reduction is the opposite of oxidation.
Reduction is the opposite.
Reduction is the oppsite process.
Reduction is the primary method of conservation.
Reduction is the receipt of an electron, and oxidation is the release of an electron.
Reduction is the removal of oxygen from a compound.
Reduction is the removal of oxygen or addition of hydrogen.
Reduction is truly the decreasing of the overall number of animals to be used for the experiment.
Reduction is usually easy and often patients learn to reduce the joints themselves.
Reduction is valid on weekdays only for golf courses.
Reduction is when a species gains an electron.
Reduction isa action.
Reduction look without the hard work.
Reduction means minimizing the number of animals needed to perform an experiment or teach a concept.
Reduction means that numbers of animals are minimised.
Reduction means the addition of hydrogen to a molecule or the removal of oxygen from a molecule.
Reduction occurs after rainfall stops.
Reduction occurs at the cathode.
Reduction occurs during germination.
Reduction occurs during the forma- tion of the ascospores.
Reduction occurs when a chemical species gains an electron.
Reduction occurs when an atom gains one or more electrons.
Reduction occurs when the major reactant gains hydrogens or loses oxygen.
Reduction occurs when the oxidation number of an atom becomes smaller.
Reduction occurs when the oxidation number of an atom decreases .
Reduction pour piano et chant.
Reduction refers to modifications in procedures that allow fewer animals to be used.
Reduction refers to recieving electrons - it is the opposite of oxidation.
Reduction refers to reducing the number of animals in the experiment.
Reduction refers to the atmosphere that the pots are fired in.
Reduction refers to the gain of electrons.
Reduction simply refers to minimizing the absolute number of animals subjected to experimentation.
Reduction takes place at the anode.
Reduction takes place at the cathode .
Reduction takes place at the cathode.
Reductions affect abundances.
Reductions affect availability.
Reductions are achievable and can be undertaken without great costs or damage to economies.
Reductions are also available for bulk orders.
Reductions are also available for groups of more than six people.
Reductions are also underway in the United States.
Reductions are available - please enquire.
Reductions are available for children and senior citizens.
Reductions are available for children, families, groups and room-sharing.
Reductions are available for children.
Reductions are available for multiple bookings.
Reductions are available for senior citizens and juveniles.
Reductions are available on both excursions for children and return trips.
Reductions are available to regular advertisers.
Reductions are caused by feed intake.
Reductions are caused by intake.
Reductions are chemical reaction.
Reductions are due in part to improvement in products and materials.
Reductions are focused on subarea planning.
Reductions are greater when the self-management education includes a written care plan.
Reductions are relatively small during the first few months following cessation of training.
Reductions are under way in the city's workforce.
Reductions are voluntary.
Reductions can be as simple as avoiding high exposure locations.
Reductions can be greater in tight houses.
Reductions contribute to buildups.
Reductions could have health impact.
Reductions could have impact.
Reductions could have large impact.
Reductions have effects.
Reductions have have impact.
Reductions have have major impact.
Reductions lead to reductions.
Reductions may have effects.
Reductions may have negative effects.
Reductions may have profound effects.
Reductions may have profound negative effects.
Reductions occur in development.
Reductions reduce productivity.
Reduction always occurs at the cathode.
Reduction usually involves addition of hydrogen or removal of oxygen.
Reduction usually occurs silently, unnoticed by the patient.
Any reduction hinges on controlling the release of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere.
Most reductions affect abundances.
Most reductions affect availability.
Most reductions are caused by feed intake.
Most reductions are caused by intake.
Most reductions are general, i.e. part of the overal phonolog.
Most reductions contribute to buildups.
Most reductions have effects.
Most reductions have have impact.
Most reductions lead to reductions.
Most reductions occur in development.
Most reductions reduce productivity.
Some reduction affects higher salaries, but the best reduction affects younger faculty.
Some reduction is attributable to improved medical management and coordination of services.
Some reductions affect capital.
Some reductions affect fields.
Some reductions affect health.
Some reductions affect work capital.
Some reductions are available for early and joint applications.
Some reductions can have consequences.
Some reductions contribute to health.
Some reductions contribute to improvement.
Some reductions contribute to maintenance.
Some reductions contribute to repulsion.
Some reductions create pressure.
Some reductions enable applications.
Some reductions enable breed success.
Some reductions enable success.
Some reductions enhance deposition.
Some reductions enhance drug effects.
Some reductions enhance effects.
Some reductions have impact.
Some reductions have potential.
Some reductions have term impact.
Some reductions improve outcomes.
Some reductions increase economic productivity.
Some reductions increase pressure.
Some reductions increase productivity.
Some reductions involve reaction.
Some reductions involve secretion.
Some reductions lead biologists.
Some reductions lead to accumulation.
Some reductions lead to decomposition.
Some reductions lead to digestive problems.
Some reductions lead to diseases.
Some reductions lead to explosions.
Some reductions lead to improvement.
Some reductions lead to nest success.
Some reductions lead to phenomena.
Some reductions lead to problems.
Some reductions lead to success.
Some reductions occur at temperature.
Some reductions occur in flukes.
Some reductions occur in gametogenesis.
Some reductions occur in products.
Some reductions occur in sediments.
Some reductions prevent development.
Some reductions produce lower pressure.
Some reductions produce parasitism pressure.
Some reductions produce pressure.
Some reductions provide benefits.
Some reductions reduce ability.
Some reductions reduce availability.
Some reductions reduce capacity.
Some reductions reduce cardiovascular events.
Some reductions reduce cost.
Some reductions reduce development.
Some reductions reduce diversity.
Some reductions reduce electrical capacity.
Some reductions reduce events.
Some reductions reduce genetic diversity.
Some reductions reduce impact.
Some reductions reduce pain.
Some reductions reduce pressure.
Some reductions reduce prey availability.
Some reductions require addition.
Some reductions require collaborative effort.
Some reductions require effort.
Some reductions require technology.
Some reductions result from damage.
Some reductions result in consequences.
Some reductions result in development.
Some reductions result in extinction.
Some reductions result in growth.
Some reductions result in minimal consequences.
Some reductions result in productivity.
Some reductions show improvement.
Some reductions take places.
Reductionism attempts to understand brain function at level of neurons.
Reductionism consists in reducing referential significance to the one mode of significance.
Reductionism continues to be amazingly productive.
Reductionism insists that the mind is nothing at all.
Reductionism is a cop-out to avoid looking at the evidence.
Reductionism is a hallmark of modernity.
Reductionism is a perilous business.
Reductionism is a somewhat unfortunate word.
Reductionism is an analysis
Reductionism is an ancient concept, dating from the Greek school of atomism.
Reductionism is analysises.
Reductionism is logically contradictory.
Reductionism is the name of the game.
Reductionism is theories.
Reductionism promotes alienation, isolation and disconnection.
Reductionism works well one level at a time.
Reductionist biology has a much more restrictive model of causality than does integrative biology.
Reductionist materialism finds the gap more difficult to explain away.
Reductionist views have a valid insight, but there is always more to be said.
Reductive specialization invites perilous consequences.
Reductive techniques are strategies that temporarily suppress or stop behaviors.
A redundance is embarrassment
Redundance is obviously the same as order by which the elements are connected.
Redundancies are a strong possibility.
Redundancies are also a major problem elsewhere.
Redundancies are no easier in procedural terms than any other kind of dismissal.
Redundancy allows for error and backup when things go wrong.
Redundancy also is rampant.
Redundancy arises when there is no more work for the employee to do.
Redundancy Avoid extra words, especially with geologic terms.
Redundancy builds reliability, but redundancy is more practical when it's shared.
Redundancy can be safe, but vagueness as to assigned responsibility most often is counterproductive.
Redundancy can come in a lot of different forms.
Redundancy causes the neurons to cluster.
Redundancy comes in two basic forms.
Redundancy Describes a system where more than one device is used to ensure reliability.
Redundancy eliminates a single point of hardware failure in a network.
Redundancy enables additional or new functions.
Redundancy has no place in trying to actually fix the problem.
Redundancy improves it.
Redundancy is a basic architectural concept for systems requiring a high operating safety level.
Redundancy is a big pet peeve too.
Redundancy is a critical component of human communication.
Redundancy is a good policy in all areas of communications.
Redundancy is a good thing.
Redundancy is a healthy thing in research.
Redundancy is a key component in the power system, in the pooled resources and the software design.
Redundancy is a key component to successful warfare.
Redundancy is a key element to achieving that level.
Redundancy is a key idea behind a Windows domain.
Redundancy is a key requirement for ensuring maximum network uptime.
Redundancy is a problem in a number of firms.
Redundancy is a property whereby more nerve cells exist than are needed.
Redundancy is a small price to pay for being clear.
Redundancy is a welcome escape from the bombardment of information in today's society.
Redundancy is achieved by incorporating back-up components into the system's original design.
Redundancy is achieved in different ways.
Redundancy is also high.
Redundancy is also rampant - as in reduce that down.
Redundancy is also very important.
Redundancy is always the safest.
Redundancy is an attribute of both developed less developed states.
Redundancy is an important factor that provides long term resilience to the ecosystem.
Redundancy is an issue that usually goes along with scalability.
Redundancy is another attraction.
Redundancy is assumed in most cases.
Redundancy is available, if for example one mixer or one correlator sector fails.
Redundancy is avoided.
Redundancy is based on clusters of servers fed by load balancers using standard designs.
Redundancy is based on clusters of servers fed by load balancers.
Redundancy is based on how much current is drawn out of it.
Redundancy is built in at almost every level.
Redundancy is built into the system so that data availability is maintained when a resource is lost.
Redundancy is configurations.
Redundancy is costly, so collaboration allows more efficient use of increasingly scarce funds.
Redundancy is critical too.
Redundancy is defined at the channel level.
Redundancy is determined by the appropriate academic department and the registrar.
Redundancy is eliminated.
Redundancy is embarrassing.
Redundancy is embarrassment
Redundancy is engineered at the hardware, operating system, data collection, and database levels.
Redundancy is equally important on the mechanical side.
Redundancy is essential both in network equipment and power supplies.
Redundancy is essential for critical tasks.
Redundancy is Good .
Redundancy is good when it comes to the learning objectives.
Redundancy is good.
Redundancy is implemented by calculating parity and storing it on the check disk.
Redundancy is important.
Redundancy is inherent in the process of assessing the learning needs of educators.
Redundancy is just as important inside the server.
Redundancy is key to reliability.
Redundancy is more a function of application design than hardware infrastructure.
Redundancy is more a function of application design than hardware infrastucture.
Redundancy is most important when developing new processes and in very large chips.
Redundancy is obtained by transferring data between cooperating servers.
Redundancy is often high.
Redundancy is often tedious.
Redundancy is one solution.
Redundancy is particularly useful for students with learning disabilities.
Redundancy is possible on many levels.
Redundancy is provided by variations of a simple parity approach.
Redundancy is provided to assure non-interrupted service.
Redundancy is provided.
Redundancy is repetition.
Redundancy is required to established at least one cycle of communication between linked fixations.
Redundancy is simply one form of dismissal.
Redundancy is the answer to the connectivity dilemma.
Redundancy is the basis of trans.
Redundancy is the heart of neuroplasticity.
Redundancy is the incorporation of duplicate components into a system.
Redundancy is the key from start to finish.
Redundancy is the key here.
Redundancy is the key thing for the internetworking market.
Redundancy is the key to long life and happiness with computers.
Redundancy is the key to optimal uptime.
Redundancy is the key.
Redundancy is the noun form of the word.
Redundancy is the opposite of information, a measure of unsurprisingness, of old-hatitude.
Redundancy is the unnecessary repeating of a word or a synonym.
Redundancy is used whenever possible.
Redundancy is very common in sequence databases.
Redundancy is very important for call centers in which lost calls often mean lost revenue.
Redundancy is vital to normal day to day human interaction.
Redundancy keeps maintenance downtime to a minimum.
Redundancy leaves room for later inconsistencies and increases the work of document maintenance.
Redundancy mainly covers situations where there is a reduction in the number of employees.
Redundancy means back up is available without disrupting service.
Redundancy means dead weight, and a multiplication of system cost and complexity.
Redundancy means providing for alternative modes of access.
Redundancy means that the system is capable of continued operation even if a disk fails.
Redundancy needs to be built in to the system.
Redundancy only adds bulk.
Redundancy provides the ability to reconstruct lost or destroyed records.
Redundancy removes single points of failure.
Redundancy repeats itself over and over again.
Redundancy often pays off, and is cheap to implement.
Some redundancy exists since people access topics and subjects by different titles.
Some redundancy is desirable for ease of expansion, flexibility and added network integrity.
Redundant adjectives stand only as proof of an uneasy truth.
Redundant bandwidth means extra capacity in our Internet connection.
Redundant bilge pump sys.
Redundant braces can confuse doxygen in some cases.
Redundant calcium is deported according to the body's designed plan for the bones.
Redundant circuits provide outstanding reliability for business use.
Redundant components decrease the chance of unplanned downtime.
Redundant components eliminate single points of failure.
All redundant components execute all processes in lockstep.
Redundant computers control the vehicles.
Redundant configuration is load sharing and fully redundant.
Redundant controls allow the operator to start, stop and resume firing at any time.
Redundant data can lead to data anomalies and bad data.
Redundant data check A key data field is left blank.
Redundant deployment provides for high availability.
Redundant employees are usually the firts to go.
Redundant employment is economic inefficiency with bells on.
Redundant foods can be a problem as well.
Redundant gatekeepers assure high availability.
Redundant identifiers have several costs.
Redundant information is included to allow cross-checking of the message.
Redundant information is used for quality-control checks.
Redundant instrumentation allows up to two load monitoring gauges in a single pin.
Redundant instrumentation provides two load monitoring gauges in a single pin.
Redundant links can sit unused, unless careful attention is given to root bridge selection.
Redundant macros increase the branching factor of the search graph without associated benefits. .
Redundant man pumps.
Redundant mappings can result in unpredictable results.
Redundant operation is supported only with like supervisor engines.
Redundant postings can become cumbersome in such a medium as e-mail.
Redundant relations are optional.
Redundant representations are far easier to construct that nonredundant ones.
Redundant sequences are separate sequences that are highly similar to each other.
Redundant servers provide messaging fail-over if primary servers go down.
Redundant signs waste paper and limited posting space.
Redundant skin folds in the neck.
Redundant sources means zero down-time.
Redundant system cooling fans mean no downtime due to fan failure or chassis overheating.
Redundant systems exist everywhere on campus.
Redundant systems require installation to both hard drives.
Redundant Terms Think of constructing a query as being in a card game.
Redundant towers close together are very effective in protecting each other.
Redundant traffic is eliminated, drastically reducing bandwidth and their associated costs.
Redundant transmitters maintain uninterrupted service.
Reduplication applies throughout the perfect.
Reduplication communicates most often the speaker's emotional stance towards the subject matter.
Reduplication is prevalent in Burmese and is used to intensify or weaken adjectives' meanings.
Reduplication is repetition
Reduplication is repetition.
Reduplication is syllables.
Reduplication is the process whereby part or all of the word is repeated.
Reduplication is the use of a repeated sound segment in a lexeme.
Reduplication is words.
Reduplication occurs in all moods and in all verbals .
Reduviids vary in size, from just a few millimeters in length to over three centimeters.
Redux Plants die for myriad reasons.
A redwing is a thrush
Redwing is a blend of History, function, and recreation.
Redwing is a liquid diquat formulation that has been effective on coontail.
Redwing is considered a moderate producer.
Redwing is two miles back along the roadside.
Redwing makes it all quick and easy.
Redwings are birds.
Redwings are thrushs.
Redwings goalie on cover.
Redwings migrate at night.
Redwings move around a lot during the winter depending on the weather.
Redwings roost communally but, unlike fieldfares, they do have favourite sites.
Redwings travelling to Ireland from Scandinavia leave the coast of Norway at sunset.
Redwings usually fly between food sources in long, strung-out flocks.
Some redwings are true or partial albinos.
Redwinged blackbirds are America s most numerous landbirds and also the greatest bird pests.
Redwood City has the best climate in the whole Bay area.
Redwood City is among the California cities with the fastest response times.
Redwood City is at the median of sick leave hours taken.
Redwood City is one of our nation's most popular tourist and business travel destinations.
Redwood City offers a wide array of hotels for traveling visitors.
Redwood City offers many discount hotels and economy hotel rooms and resorts.
Redwood City takes five days longer than the median to complete recruitments.
Redwood Creek flows through the center of the valley.
Redwood Creek is a good stream to fish after the first rains of the season.
Redwood Creek is a large drainage with sweeping mountainsides.
Redwood Creek is low and clear and the fishing is poor.
Redwood Creek is open and fishable with reports of a few fish in the river.
Redwood forests are among the largest and oldest living species on Earth.
Redwood lumber is harvested almost entirely from private lands.
Redwood lumber is the most commercially valuable softwood.
Redwood Shores has it's own fire station, elementary school as well as community recreation center.
Redwood sorrel adds to the magic of the redwood forest.
Redwood trees are amazingly resilient.
Redwood trees are huge and the region is really lush with vegitation of all types.
Redwood trees can get big.
Redwood trees can grow to be very large .
Redwood trees can grow to be very large.
Redwood trees grow in circles, usually around an older mother tree.
Redwood trees grow to an incredible height and live for centuries.
Redwood trees grow to unbelievable size.
Redwood trees live for thousands of years.
Redwood trees produce acids in their needles and in their bark.
Redwood trees sprout from roots.
Most redwood trees sprout from roots.
Some redwood trees produce acid.
Some redwood trees reach feet.
Redwood Valley Ca.
A redwood is wood
Redwood also bonds exceptionally well.
Redwood also has a energetic social issues curriculum.
Redwood can provide counselors as needed.
Redwood can take a few days for special orders.
Redwood can take and hold many finishes.
Redwood decks front and rear.
Redwood does an amazing thing when it's harvested.
Redwood does require annual sealing to maintain it s color.
Redwood gets crazy over it.
Redwood gives users a simple view on a complex world.
Redwood has ample study space and a common area lounge on the first floor.
Redwood has little or no messy pitch or resins.
Redwood has no chemical additives and resists warping and splitting better than other woods.
Redwood holds protective finishes better than other woods.
Redwood is a favorite with builders because it is lightweight but strong.
Redwood is a group home for four adults who have developmental disabilities.
Redwood is a natural deterrent to the effects of weather and damage by insects.
Redwood is a natural wood.
Redwood is a softer wood.
Redwood is a special case.
Redwood is a top choice on the West Coast because it is rot resistant and weathers beautifully.
Redwood is also easy to work with and takes and holds finishes well.
Redwood is an excellent wood for wine storage systems.
Redwood is available in a variety of grades to suit almost any style.
Redwood is available in place of cedar at slightly higher prices, subject to availability.
Redwood is beautiful and is naturally resistant to rot and decay and is insect resistant.
Redwood is cost-effective and resists shrinking, warping and checking.
Redwood is moderately resistant to preservative treatments.
Redwood is more insect repellent in all-heartwood grades than other woods, yet it is lightweight.
Redwood is on the left.
Redwood is one of the world's botanical wonders.
Redwood is rated as resistant to very resistant to heartwood decay.
Redwood is seen as an extremist, even among that lot.
Redwood is so popular because it holds up so very well under weather in siding, decking or fencing.
Redwood is soft, but weathers to beautiful gray in sunlight.
Redwood is the common name for two species, both native to California.
Redwood is the layman's name for the tallest trees in the world.
Redwood is the most favorable material.
Redwood is the only softwood in the country that sprouts from stumps.
Redwood is the perfect wood for the manufacturing of wine cellars.
Redwood isa wood.
Redwood makes flow and pressure-control components and subsystems for gas and liquid applications.
Redwood naturally resists decay caused by the environment or by insect infestation.
Redwood offers a wide choice of grades and options to match any project.
Redwood releases well even at quite an old age.
Redwood reproduces both sexually and asexually.
Redwood seems to be ok.
Redwood takes and holds finishes better than most other woods.
Redwood takes and holds paint better than most woods.
Redwood transmits no odor or taste to fluids.
Redwood trunks as wide as a farmer's silo are common.
Redwood work a specialty.
Redwood works easily with both hand and machine tools, with little dulling effect on tools.
Redwoods also sprout from the base, much the same way as rose bushes grow suckers.
Redwoods are a member of the Sequoia family.
Redwoods are also extremely long-lived trees.
Redwoods are among the longest-lived and largest entities on the planet.
Redwoods are among the oldest living organisms as well as being among the largest.
Redwoods are attractive, but they tend to dry out quickly.
Redwoods are one of life's most permanent forms.
Redwoods are the most famous example.
Redwoods are the tallest trees in the world.
Redwoods are unique trees for several reasons.
Redwoods are very fast growing .
Redwoods are visible.
Redwoods are wood.
Redwoods can also be very old.
Redwoods can grow tissue to heal fire scarring, sometimes completely covering the scar.
Redwoods can reproduce asexually by layering or sprouting from the root crown or stump.
Redwoods can resist many elements that cause most trees to fall.
Redwoods develop the greatest reported volume of living matter per unit of land surface.
Redwoods form magnificent forests along the Pacific Coast of northern and central California.
Redwoods have a lot of it.
Redwoods have a system of interconnected wood cells for carrying water.
Redwoods have no aging mechanisms, are extremely resistant to disease and have few natural enemies.
Redwoods have resistant wood.
Redwoods have wood.
Redwoods rely on the fog that envelops the coast in the summer.
Redwoods reproduce and propagate by sending new shoots up from a burl at the ground level or below.
Redwoods reproduce two ways.
Redwoods surround a small meadow that slopes into a still pond.
Redwoods always make for a nice scenic ride.
Most redwoods have resistant wood.
Most redwoods have wood.
Some redwoods have panel drug tests.
Some redwoods have tests.
Redz belt is very soft and thin.
Redz packs are also alot cheaper than most other manufacturers.
Most reebok shorts send serious unless dark, but lion develop whom.
Reed architecture has many possibilities and can even be quite imposing.
Some reed bases change into rice or cotton fields after production for three or four years.
Reed beds are a particularly favoured habitat.
Reed beds provide filtration for the cleansing of surface water.
Reed Creek crosses into both counties.
A reed organ is wind
Reed organs are today the province of collectors and museums.
Reed relays offer maximum reliability with the highest switching performance.
Reed relays provide very high quality, long life, low current, dry contact switch closures.
Reed warblers sing the great river still.
Some reed warblers have conditions.
A reed is wood
REED also sheds light on the society, music and language of the era.
Reed calls limousines only for rides to the airport.
REED examines the early history of English theatre and performances.
Reed introduces legislation to close the gun show loophole.
Reed isa herb.
Reed leaves just in time, and the gang is given their next mission.
Reed lives in Las Vegas.
Reed lives in New York City.
Reed lives on and has become one of baseball's better pitchers.
Reed looks at every angle.
REED misspelled in error messagew.
Reed moves to adjorn.
Reed points to the contraption, which already has spikes put in at the bottom.
Reed works to reconstruct environments that surrounded early humans.
Reed works virtually year-round.
Reed works with the problem.
Reeds act in two ways to alter the character of metals present in the sludge.
Reeds also come in different widths.
Reeds are absolutely necessary on the first day of clarinet and sax instruction.
Reeds are absolutely necessary on the first day of oboe and bassoon instruction.
Reeds are also quite sensitive to dirt or insects getting under the tongue.
Reeds are aluminum, hardwood is either pecan or hickory, two gold-plated brass bands.
Reeds are another common type of water vegetation.
Reeds are another consideration with most woodwind instruments.
Reeds are available in a variety of strengths to accommodate different skill levels and preferences.
Reeds are free and easily repaired.
Reeds are located in water.
Reeds are strips of bamboo used in trumpets, trombones, and tubas.
Reeds are vibrators.
Reeds are woodwinds.
Reeds can also be part of the problem.
Reeds can crack and break, and sometimes they just get out of whack.
Reeds get softer over time.
Reeds grow along the sea wall and catchment area.
Reeds grow in climate zones.
Reeds grow in zones.
Reeds have (part) cell membranes.
Reeds have (part) cells.
Reeds have (part) corpi.
Reeds have (part) cytoplasm.
Reeds have (part) nuclei.
Reeds have (part) plasma membranes.
Reeds have (part) sections.
Reeds have (part) vacuoles.
Reeds have (part) vegetables.
Reeds have a tendency to become stronger after the first few days' use.
Reeds help purify water.
Reeds is an excellent teaching and school resource of woodwind ensembl e piece s .
Reeds runs down some customers.
Reeds shows off one under construction stove, ice maker, navigation equipment.
Reeds sway hypnotically along the water's edge.
Reeds taste good.
Reeds usually come in a one gallon black plastic container.
All reeds are hand gouged, shaped andscraped.
Every reed is mounted in a single brass frame and finally tuned by hand.
Every reed plays best at some particular basic strength.
More reeds diffuse more scent.
More reeds make for greater versatility.
Most reeds grow in climate zones.
Most reeds grow in zones.
Some reeds have string.
Some reeds provide excellent habitats.
Some reeds provide habitats.
Reeds Reeds are truly frustrating.
Reedy Creek develops software technology for information exchange.
Reedy Creek is a leading web site developer and producer of marketing videos.
Reef anemones have sting.
Reef balls are far more portable.
Reef balls are good in shallow water, and concrete lasts longer than old tires or rusting ships.
Reef balls are hollow concrete domes shot through with holes.
Reef crest is exposed at high tide.
Reef diving is spectacular.
Reef fish are everywhere.
Reef fish are fish.
Reef fish are plentiful, and manta rays have been spotted out in the sand flats.
Reef fish assemblages on hard banks in the northwestern Gulf of Mexico.
Reef fish assemblages on submerged lava flows of three different ages.
Reef fish can be temperamental.
Reef fish defend food, shelter, mates and offspring from competitors and predators.
Reef fish differ greatly in appearance and in many other ways.
Reef fish feed on plankton.
Reef fish inhabit particular reef types.
Reef fish use the reef for cover and food.
Reef fishes are also well represented.
Reef fishes have very colorful names and appearances.
Reef fishes occupy many different levels, like apartment dwellers in high-rise buildings.
Many reef fish have toxic flesh.
Many reef fish tend to be relatively slow swimmers and seek safety in the reef.
Most reef fish use a large area of a reef for their daily activities.
Most reef fishes are quick-change artists.
Most reef fishes are safe with a zebra moray as long as the eel is regularly fed.
Some reef fish have patterns.
Some reef fish have stages.
Reef fishing can provide unbelievable thrills.
Reef fishing is another activity our clients enjoy.
Reef fishing is excellent.
Reef fishing is good to excellent.
Reef fishing is good year around also.
Reef fishing is possible from the beach, with the coral but a few meters off-shore.
Reef fishing passes one day pleasantly.
Reef fishing produces snappers, jacks, and barracudas.
Reef restoration is a multidisciplinary effort.
Reef sharks circle the chum area.
Reef stonefish are extremely well camouflaged, looking like an encrusted rock or lump of coral.
Reef stonefishs have spines.
Most reef stonefishs have spines.
Some reef stonefishs have reproduction.
Some reef tanks fill with water.
Reef triggerfish are considered good aquarium fish, as they are hardy and easy to keep and maintain.
A reef is a ridge
Reef isa ridge.
Reefs also contribute to the world's marine biodiversity.
Reefs also create sheltered lagoons and protect coastlines and mangroves against wave damage.
Reefs also grow unaided on marine structures such as oil rigs .
Reefs also protect the shoreline by acting as natural barriers between the open sea and coastlines.
Reefs also provide protection against wave action.
Reefs also provide protection from currents and many predators.
Reefs also serve as important buffer against coastal erosion and damage from tropical storms.
Reefs also tend to develop in areas of strong wave action.
Reefs also tend to thrive in clear water because it allows more sunlight to reach the corals.
Reefs are also extremely valuable as breakwaters and draws for tourism.
Reefs are among the most complex and diverse biological communities in theworld.
Reefs are among the most spectacular displays of nature's creativity.
Reefs are another option, and where permitted, wharves are a good bet.
Reefs are beautiful and interesting.
Reefs are biological keystones.
Reefs are build-ups of carbonate away from the shoreline.
Reefs are carbonates.
Reefs are chronically at risk of algal encroachment.
Reefs are especially vulnerable because they take so long to regenerate.
Reefs are few and marked.
Reefs are healthy and colorful, many bright-colored sponges and soft corals.
Reefs are highly dynamic and open systems.
Reefs are in fact host to the ocean's most spectacular galaxies of fish.
Reefs are like inner-city apartment blocks, where each one room flat is occupied to two organisms.
Reefs are part of sails.
Reefs are primarily a habitat for a wide variety of plants and animals.
Reefs are resilient and they bounce back quickly when protected.
Reefs are ridges.
Reefs are self-sufficient in terms of nutrients.
Reefs are some of the world's most diverse ecosystems.
Reefs are strips.
Reefs are the big cities of the sea.
Reefs are the main attraction.
Reefs are the most productive ecosystems of the world.
Reefs are the repositories of mans' errors.
Reefs are useful to the environment and to people in a number of ways.
Reefs are valuable for a variety of reasons.
Reefs are very sensitive systems and can only survive in a narrow salinity range.
Reefs are very stable, and provide a protective barrier around many islands and coasts.
Reefs attract fish.
Reefs attract tourists.
Reefs become homes.
Reefs begin when a polyp sticks to a rock on the sea bed, then buds, into thousands of clones.
Reefs can act as sources or sinks of larvae over various spatial scales.
Reefs can be huge.
Reefs can be remarkably resilient.
Reefs can provide a number of medicinal compounds.
Reefs commonly reside in shallow marine water and are found only in tropical environments.
Reefs consist of calcium carbonate, produced by tiny creatures called coral polyps.
Reefs exist as a congre- gation of coexisting species, many of which eat each other.
Reefs extend a considerable distance from the southerly side of the channel.
Reefs extend well out into the bay.
Reefs flourish everywhere.
Reefs form barriers.
Reefs form in shallow tropical and subtropical waters, and host huge numbers of plants and animals.
Reefs form in the open bay, as well as along the edges of saltmarshes.
Reefs form protective barriers.
Reefs grow as generation after generation of individual coral polyps add to the matrix.
Reefs grow best in sunny, shallow, clear water.
Reefs grow in a special environment and form coasts that can evolve into atolls.
Reefs grow only near sea level, and they grow away from shore into the waves.
Reefs grow very slowly over time.
Reefs have (part) inclines.
Reefs have (part) slopes.
Reefs have biodiversity.
Reefs have corals.
Reefs have diversity.
Reefs have fish diversity.
Reefs have high biodiversity.
Reefs here are among the planet s finest and most accessible.
Reefs live in nutrient poor waters.
Reefs look completely different at night.
Reefs maintain a network of intimate ecological relationships and delicate food webs.
Reefs maintain or develop a structure of positive relief during deposition.
Reefs occur in mainly tropical seas, but can be killed if the ocean temp gets too high.
Reefs play major roles.
Reefs play roles.
Reefs predominate in tropical areas and are often unsurveyed.
Reefs preserve biodiversity.
Reefs protect mangroves from wave action and mangroves, in turn, protect corals from siltation.
Reefs protect many islands from the ocean and are rich in fish.
Reefs protect our shorelines.
Reefs protect the coastline and there are many beautiful beaches.
Reefs provide habitat for over one million species of plants and animals.
Reefs provide habitats.
Reefs provide protection from erosion to coastlines and sand for beaches.
Reefs provide resources for fisheries.
Reefs provide shelter.
Reefs save lives .
Reefs serve as a buffer, protecting inshore areas from the pounding of ocean waves .
Reefs serve as atmospheric carbon dioxide sinks.
Reefs surround the island for reef diving, snorkeling, or just sightseeing.
Reefs surround the islands on three sides.
Reefs thrive in low-nutrient situations.
Reefs thus are excellent sentinels of the quality of their environment.
Reefs yield a host of benefits for humans, including food, medicines and tourism income.
Reefs yield tourist dollars as well.
Reeves adds that the upgrade has made substantial improvements in the facility's operations.
Reeves cautions, however, that different warranties cover different things.
Reeves combines visceral but elliptical images.
Reeves competes in the shot put and discus.
Reeves completely fulfills the conception of the fabulous character known to millions.
Reeves concentrates more on character and story.
Reeves has a wide resume with many different kinds of roles.
Reeves is a champion wrestler forced to become a warrior.
Reeves is a charming six year old bitch with an outstanding temperament.
Reeves is a computer hacker recruited to uncover their campaign of deceit.
Reeves is a philosophical realist if there ever was one.
Reeves is a shrewd and conversational observer of the power players in contemporary American life.
Reeves is able to pass through the film mostly because of the setting.
Reeves is as storied as they come in the music business.
Reeves is better as a jerk.
Reeves is blessed with a big voice packed with nuance, and a very regal stage presence.
Reeves is currently on death row in North Carolina.
Reeves is essential to the film's success.
Reeves is married and has two daughters.
Reeves is said to be an accomplished goalie.
Reeves is self-fertile, producing bright red berries with no pollinator needed.
Reeves is the one who can give the humans the strength to fight back.
Reeves is the Western Canadian champion in the division.
Reeves is trained in church growth methods and is experienced in all facets of parish evangelism.
Reeves knows what it means to rest, and then be ready to play.
Reeves likes to be in control.
Reeves looks pumped and buffed.
Reeves offers the usual stiff and monotone performance as Utah.
Reeves plays a coach.
Reeves plays the quarterback, a collegiate star who dropped from sight after choking in a bowl game.
Reeves staff the desks in various residence halls as resource persons.
Reeves typically plays endearing characters, the kind that sweep teen-age girls away by the masses.
Reeves uses for scatting.
Reeves utilizes several interesting techniques here.
Reeves works in a cubicle, doing a little hacking on the side.
All reefs surveyed remain classified as non-outbreaking.
Many reefs are visibly regenerating.
Many reefs lie a short distance from the beach.
Most reefs are in warm, clear, tropical seas with a lot of sunlight.
Most reefs attract fish.
Most reefs become homes.
Most reefs form protective barriers.
Most reefs grow best in warm, shallow, clear, sunny and agitated waters.
Most reefs grow in considerably warmer areas.
Most reefs have a solid front which receives much of the force of the ocean swell.
Most reefs have biodiversity.
Most reefs have corals.
Most reefs have diversity.
Most reefs have fish diversity.
Most reefs have high biodiversity.
Most reefs occur in poor countries.
Most reefs play major roles.
Most reefs play out before that.
Most reefs play roles.
Most reefs provide habitats.
Most reefs provide shelter.
Some reefs also exist in cold, deep waters.
Some reefs are even older than our old-growth redwood forests.
Some reefs have numbers.
Some reefs have resources.
Some reefs provide homes.
Reefer madness has to stop.
A reefer is a cigarette
Reefer is the shorthand term for refrigerated truck or trailer.
Reefers comes highly recommended.
Reehani hens are orange.
Reel color is blue plastic.
Most reel companies sell extra spools, cassettes or reel inserts.
Reel components are steel construction providing optimum reliability in industrial applications.
Reel count varies.
Reel drives are available in direct drive and chain drive models.
Reel festival showcases the best new film and video from Bay Area school and youth programs.
Reel grinders require their own special equipment for sharpening.
Some reel guides are only available in Reference, and some are available also in the microform room.
Reel makers spring up like mushrooms.
Some reel manufacturers are too proud of their products, and the prices show it.
Reel movement monitors fish activity.
Reel mowers are best for zoysia.
Reel mowers are easier and more economical to use.
Reel mowers are for highly maintained turf where appearance is important.
Reel mowers are people-powered, with no cord to pull, no spark plugs, and no gas or oil to pour.
Reel mowers are safer than power mowers.
Reel mowers are simple mowers.
Reel mowers are the ultimate in environmentally friendly, quiet and maintenance free mowing.
Reel mowers have between three and seven blades depending on the model type.
Reel mowers offer many benefits that appeal to a wide variety of purchasers.
Reel mowers snip the grass, cutting each blade like a pair of scissors.
Reel mowers work best when grass is dry and has been cut frequently.
Reel numbers have no meaning by themselves.
Reel oil is available from a number of sources and manufactures, all of which are very effective.
Reel pouch is surrounded by high density foam.
Reel seats are double locking with heavy duty machined aluminum hoods.
Reel seats come standard with impregnated hardwood spacers.
All reel seats come standard with impregnated hardwood spacers.
Reel spools rotate on bronze self-lubricating bearings.
Reel violence has a soundtrack.
Reel whisky is consumed in the drinking scenes, to be sure.
A reel is a film
Reel isa equipment.
Reels agitate the water, causing the berries to dislodge from their vines.
Reels are a different matter though.
Reels are all steel construction and compact for applications with critical space requirements.
Reels are an area of collectible fishing tackle that has received less attention than the lures.
Reels are basically line holders.
Reels are black and made of high impact plastic.
Reels are dance music.
Reels are diving accessories for technical diving.
Reels are fast dance pieces.
Reels are films.
Reels are guaranteed antiques .
Reels are in good condition and include original slip covers.
Reels are more compact in size to adapt to the thinner diameter lines in use today.
Reels are now much lighter in weight, more efficient and hardwearing.
Reels are siple to set up and operate.
Reels are square dances.
Reels are the plastic or metal reels the film is physically transferred to for projection.
Reels are very popular in Scotland.
Reels are winders.
Reels can be any high speed overhead with a fast retrieve and smooth drag.
Reels can, therefore, be quite inexpensive.
Reels come in oyster white cardboard boxes.
Reels have (part) sections.
Reels have gold anodized finish.
Reels is an internet based company devoted to the delivery of sample reels.
Reels require a smooth, reliable drag and quality guts.
Reels seem to be more popular than jigs.
Reels Stop in to cast and feel the difference.
Reels tend to be forgotten in the bottom of a tackle bag and can take a bashing.
Reels vary in price according to the way the reel is constructed.
Reels wind up clipped off behind the cylinders on the waist area.
All reels have a full flow shaft and swivel to assure maximum product delivery.
All reels have the same function, holding line with the ability to retrieve it.
Many reels have a removeable side-plate, making it easy to exchange spools.
Many reels have gimmicks to simplify loading.
Most reels are convertible to right or left hand retrieve.
Most reels contain single dissertations.
Some reels are available by inter-library loan.
Some reels are available for purchase.
Reelection is an election
Reelection is elections.
Reelection is permissible for two times.
Reelection is possible.
Reelings are windings.
All reenactment organizations have safety rules.
A reenactment is an acting
Reenactment leaves a trail.
Reenactments are acting.
Reenactments demonstrate how to intervene in potentially volatile situations.
Reenactments generally take place a couple of miles away from the historic sight.
Reenactments showing life in the early days of Michigan occur daily.
Reenactments take place rain or shine.
Reenactment often turns more real than planned.
Every reenactment brings with it the artist's excitement at new images to make.
Many reenactments take place right behind the monument.
A reenactor is an actor
Reenactor View a contact sheet with color pictures.
Reenactors are a great lot to get to know.
Reenactors are actors.
Reenactors are welcome to provide demonstrations.
Reenactors can work on the buildings or perform living history demos.
Reenactors combine some of the aspects of all three categories.
Reenactors come from all over the country to take part in the event.
Reenactors devote countless hours to re-creating Civil War battles.
Reenactors do battle in tactical demonstrations.
Reenactors have the advantage of campfire chats to discuss the products and suppliers of equipment.
Reenactors interact with spectators, up close and personal, and everybody is part of the action.
Reenactors stand close by as a color guard.
Reenactors teach encampment visitors Civil War-era games and crafts.
Reenactors typically belong to organizations that are reincarnations of Civil War military units.
All reenactors are welcome.
Many reenactors own several images and some own dozens.
Many reenactors seem to be having a great time.
Most reenactors are volunteers with regular jobs so our capacity for school visits is limited.
Most reenactors do it out of love for history.
Some reenactors even journey from Europe for the event.
Some reenactors just sleep under the stars.
Some reenactors painstakingly craft reproduction arms and armour from brass and sheet steel.
Reentrant activity can occur within the atrium itself.
Reentrant activity involving the AV node can also produce paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
Reentrant libraries are very uncommon in the unix world, sadly enough.
Reentrant tachycardias are usually stable because of a fixed conduction time around the circuit.
Reentries are a rare sight.
Reentries are a real challenge in that the odds of actually spotting one is nearly impossible.
Reentries are about the same as last year.
Reentries are the same as last year.
Reentry can make a promising beginning for a new outlook on one's life and culture.
Reentry can occur when two conditions exist.
Reentry is a return
Reentry is returns.
Reentry is safe after the spray has dried and the room is ventilated.
Reentry is still as scheduled, the next morning.
Reentry is the most common mechanism responsible for clinical cardiac arrhythmias.
Reentry means climbing down the social status ladder and that's painful.
Reentry occurs around obvious structural barriers, such as suture lines.
Reentry requires evidence of insurability.
Every Reese bronze tells a story.
All Reese liners have three rows of ties.
Reestablishment methodology needs to be developed and survivorship maximized.
Reeve beetles have organs.
A reeve is a sandpiper
Reeves also offers a complete line of accessories and other spinning related products .
Reeves are ruff.
Reeves calls an object made up of particles a fuzzy object .
Reeves especially stands out.
Reeves expects the lower price to boost sales volumes.
Reeves has other worries.
Reeves is a computer hacker recruited to uncover their campaign of deceit.
Reeves is a native of Anchorage.
Reeves is a winner.
Reeves is a youth ministry major.
Reeves is less animated here than a potted plant and less engaging than a bowl of pasta.
Reeves is on leave from the college and is preparing a book on Sudan.
Reeves is our excuse to meet the devil.
Reeves is probably right about the growing avoidance of complexity.
Reeves is single and resides in Columbia.
Reeves is smart to be asking the question before launching a site.
Reeves is stubborn.
Reeves lives and works in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Reeves now lives in northwestern Washington.
Reeves provides well logging services to energy and mineral resource companies around the world.
Reeves says people in Russia wept as they listened to the liturgy, unheard for so many years.
Reeves thinks they're having an affair.
All Reeves wheel prices include FREE shipping .
Reexamination is an examination
Reexamination is far less expensive than lawsuits.
Reexamination is permitted.
A ref is an official
Ref are available.
Ref isa individual.
Ref isa person.
Ref isa somebody.
Ref isa someone.
REFs are an alternative to joins.
Refs are knowledgeable, rules are strict, and the prices are good.
Refs are the references for the database.
Refs are to do a check for mouth guards.
Refs can also import data files in other formats, in an easily expandable way.
Refs can call fouls away from the ball.
Refs describe situations.
Refs have (part) arms.
Refs have (part) body substances.
Refs have (part) cell membranes.
Refs have (part) cells.
Refs have (part) corpi.
Refs have (part) cytoplasm.
Refs have (part) heads.
Refs have (part) human bodies.
Refs have (part) legs.
Refs have (part) material bodies.
Refs have (part) necks.
Refs have (part) nuclei.
Refs have (part) personality.
Refs have (part) plasma membranes.
Refs have (part) sections.
Refs have (part) vacuoles.
Refs make mistakes.
Refs seem to be self-published.
Most refs just keep on threatening.
Some refs are really good.
Some refs die after games.
Referal system pays out advertisers on commission.
All referee decisions are final.
A referee is an official
Referee counts again.
Referee extends arm and points to penalized player.
Referee extends arm, no whistle, and points toward player to be penalized until stop of play.
Referee isa individual.
Referee isa person.
Referee isa somebody.
Referee isa someone.
Referee reserves the right to require advance payment for certain advertising.
Referee waves off the fight.
Referees also have the power to send team officials to the stands, similar to that in football.
Referees appreciate superior play and sportsmanship.
Referees are a critical aspect of the game.
Referees are a necessary evil.
Referees are a necessity for games to be played.
Referees are a scarce resource, donating their valuable time for free.
Referees are African scholars, book experts, and representatives from international book companies.
Referees are all-powerful in the ring.
Referees are also human and they are going to make mistakes.
Referees are also volunteers, They're in it for the kids and to have fun.
Referees are an integral and vital component of the support triangle.
Referees are an integral part of the game of soccer.
Referees are available on request.
Referees are aware of it, so too rival defenders.
Referees are either experienced attorneys and less frequently retired judges.
Referees are experts in the subject area of the paper, typically college or university professors.
Referees are generally quite responsive to genuine questions asked in a calm manner.
Referees are human beings.
Referees are human too.
Referees are important.
Referees are lawyers appointed by judges to handle most family court hearings.
Referees are lawyers.
Referees are less prejudiced against teams that are regarded as the top ones.
Referees are located in footballs.
Referees are located in sporting events.
Referees are no exception.
Referees are normal people, and as such, are prone to making mistakes.
Referees are officials.
Referees are often in the spotlight of matches for the wrong reasons.
Referees are on the brink of becoming fully paid professionals in their sport.
Referees are proud of their contribution to soccer and take their appointments seriously.
Referees are ready for a great game.
Referees are really the skeletal structure that holds the game together.
Referees are responsible for deciding disputes and making sure the rules of the game are followed.
Referees are there to maintain discipline and Fair Play.
Referees are therefore a vital part of our vetting procedures.
Referees are to receive a new game card from each coach prior to the start of each game.
Referees are under pressure all over the Southern Hemisphere.
Referees are, therefore, advised to provide as much relevant detail as possible .
Referees argue with players and even the suit-wearing coaches rant and rave after a stupid penalty.
Referees become blind against half of the players on the pitch in every game.
Referees can also caution and dismiss coaches, and can even terminate the game.
Referees can also work two consecutive seasons and avoid doubling up in the fall.
Referees can begin signing up now.
Referees can check their schedule.
Referees can choose to provide a separate letter in lieu of the brief comment.
Referees can issue warnings or ejections at their discretion for excessive use of force.
Referees can no longer 'send off' players in the tunnel at full time.
Referees can only award the game as in normal rules.
Referees can replay their last call and rethink their last decision.
Referees can require a longer distance if the foul was reckless.
Referees can review their game assignments.
Referees can then retrieve the information electronically.
Referees can wear skates or sneakers.
Referees can work intramural sports and play intramural sports.
Referees change ends after each period.
Referees come in contact with thousands of youth players every year.
Referees complete a standard assessment form for ease of interpretation.
Referees control the tempo of the game.
Referees determine if an item can be worn without being dangerous.
Referees differ in many respects, such as time spent on reviewing and experience as a referee.
Referees discourage the use of illegal or dangerous tackles by players.
Referees do have the authority to eject parents, coaches, or spectators who verbally abuse a player.
Referees enforce safety and game rules.
Referees evaluate articles that authors submit for possible publication.
Referees evaluate the manuscript according to established criteria on an evaluation form.
Referees fix their hair.
Referees generally call three second violations based on the spirit and intent of the rule.
Referees generate comments and suggested changes to the OP's.
Referees get a lot of pressure from fans, coaches, and players.
Referees get no mileage reimbursement.
Referees go over the boundaries and specifics of the gym with both teams and coaches.
Referees go over the lines and placement of line judges.
Referees hate sloppy work and lines that are missing and out of place.
Referees have (part) arms.
Referees have (part) body substances.
Referees have (part) cell membranes.
Referees have (part) cells.
Referees have (part) corpi.
Referees have (part) cytoplasm.
Referees have (part) heads.
Referees have (part) human bodies.
Referees have (part) legs.
Referees have (part) material bodies.
Referees have (part) necks.
Referees have (part) nuclei.
Referees have (part) personality.
Referees have (part) plasma membranes.
Referees have (part) sections.
Referees have (part) vacuoles.
Referees have fun, but their job is hard because they have to concentrate the whole time.
Referees have good days and bad days.
Referees have the absolute power to ensure a continuous and safe game.
Referees have the authority to call the game as they see it.
Referees have the final say in disputes.
Referees have the option of remaining anonymous to authors.
Referees have the right to eject a player, coach or spectator from the game.
Referees have to crack down from the beginning.
Referees indicate fouls by blowing their whistles.
Referees invariably fail to report such incidents correctly.
Referees judge the facts.
Referees learn to apply what they've been taught by practicing, which occurs during league play.
Referees like to talk to captains.
Referees monitor each game and scores are registered on professional scoreboards.
Referees normally look for hand movement before the ball strikes.
Referees normally tog out in black jerseys, socks and togs.
Referees normally tog out in black jerseys.
Referees now have very little discretion over how they maintain order on the field.
Referees obtain assessments.
Referees officiate the competition.
Referees penalize only clear infringements.
Referees receive ten pounds off the conference cost per submission refereed.
Referees receive the project summary.
Referees remain anonymous.
Referees rule on goals and general managers put the fear into players.
Referees show the downed boxer the count on their fingers.
Referees skate wildly around the ice.
Referees start and stop games as well as enforce safety rules and game regulations.
Referees tend to pick on a younger guy, especially in the playoffs.
Referees try to stop a match if a boxer is getting seriously hurt.
Referees understand and interpret written language when they read and evaluate the sentences.
Referees view the OP's over the internet.
Referees wear white caps.
Referees always call more penalties in the first period when they re setting the tone.
Referees often have their own organizations.
Referees often notice things that the author overlooks.
Referees usually toss the coin at midfield just before the game.
Referees usually toss the coin at mid-field.
All referees are experienced players who know the game well.
All referees are independent contractors, hired by the league for whom they officiate.
All referees are responsible for payment of local, state, and federal income taxes.
Every referee can benefit from sharing the experience of others.
Every referee makes mistakes.
Many referees also take up the opportunity to submit their reports electronically.
Many referees appreciate feedback on their reviews.
Many referees have an absolute horror of jargon.
Most referees have full time jobs, families and outside interests that sometimes cause stress.
Most referees hold down full-time jobs in addition to refereeing.
Most referees obtain assessments.
Some referees are occasionally out of their depth.
Some referees are reluctant to call fouls against the defending team inside their penalty area.
Some referees conduct conferences.
Some referees contribute to improvement.
Some referees do more often than others.
Some referees make splits.
Some referees meet requirements.
Some referees pay particular attention to point in line, others almost never even see the line.
Some referees prefer that the chief judge run the officials meeting.
Some referees publish paper.
Some referees think new laws are needed.
All refereed proposals remain eligible for one year .
Referees calls are final.
A reference book is a book
Reference books are a good start, but nothing beats visiting bookshops.
Reference books are also available for a large number of languages.
Reference books are also available.
Reference books are an important part of our program.
Reference books are available for additional instruction and inspiration.
Reference books are available for consultation.
Reference books are available for more difficult questions.
Reference books are available for use in the Library.
Reference books are available in the grad lab library.
Reference books are available in the Library to help determine the value of an item or collection.
Reference books are available on an overnight basis with the permission from the librarian.
Reference books are available that explain a number of health conditions.
Reference books are available to aid in the transfer process.
Reference books are available, as well as suggested web sites for graduate school information.
Reference books are available.
Reference books are behind the reference desk in the library.
Reference books are books.
Reference books are costly and it takes time to price a stack of books.
Reference books are due during the first hour of the next day of opening following the checkout day.
Reference books are easily accessible.
Reference books are expensive but worth their weight in gold to serious collectors.
Reference books are for in-library use only.
Reference books are for library use only.
Reference books are for use in the information room.
Reference books are for use in the library only.
Reference books are for use inside the library only.
Reference books are good sources for finding information quickly.
Reference books are helpful but can be expensive.
Reference books are ideal for conversion to the electronic world.
Reference books are in the reference section.
Reference books are located in cabinets.
Reference books are located in libraries.
Reference books are located in tables.
Reference books are non-circulating books to be used in the Library.
Reference books are non-circulating except for older editions or at the discretion of the librarian.
Reference books are non-circulating.
Reference books are normally available to registered students for a loan period of seven days.
Reference books are now available for members meetings.
Reference books are often quite dense and require helpful finding aids, such as indexes.
Reference books are on the first floor of the library just past the Reference Desk.
Reference books are on the main floor north lobby.
Reference books are one of our specialties.
Reference books are part of advance modelling.
Reference books are perfect for the electronic format.
Reference books are real handy when a person has a lot of paper dolls they want to learn about.
Reference books are to be used in the library.
Reference books are useful for background, factual or statistical information.
Reference books are useful for homework.
Reference books are works consulted for specific authoritative information.
Reference books can be especially helpful for atypical questions.
Reference books can be use in the library for any period of time.
Reference books can circulate.
Reference books circulate overnight.
Reference books circulate to faculty for one day.
Reference books cover general topics.
Reference books cover similar subjects, with an emphasis on reviews, mediagraphies and history.
Reference books Get a book on darkroom procedures.
Reference books give appropriate concentrations and durations.
Reference books have an overnight checkout.
Reference books have an R before the call number.
Reference books help library users find answers to questions.
Reference books list.
Reference books provide a foundation of basic knowlege to the professional scientist.
Reference books provide information.
Reference books provide more than homework help.
Reference books represent an example of such changing attitudes.
Reference books stay in the classroom unless requested.
Reference books Use reference books to review material and answer inquiries.
All Reference books are for in-library use only.
All reference books are overnight books with the exception of some encyclopedia sets.
Many reference books are available.
Many reference books contain short biographical entries.
Many reference books have editors and they list the editors and their credentials.
Many reference books provide concise biographical information and recommend further sources.
Many reference books specialize in information about countries of the world.
Most reference books are for use in the library only.
Most reference books have price guides included within the book.
Most reference books provide information.
Some reference books are also available in circulating copies.
Some reference books are available for overnight checkout only.
Some reference books are collections of excerpts that are reprinted in one convenient place.
Some reference books are indexes that contain citations to original sources.
Some reference books are indexes to other books or journal articles.
Some reference books are sources , like an encyclopedia.
Some reference books provide fascinating case histories describing typical incidents.
Reference cards are available from our LRCs.
Reference cards help reinforce the lessons taught in the book and tapes.
Reference checks are a real mark of a thorough and professional agency.
Reference checks are a very crucial part of the executive search process.
Reference checks are also a form of insurance.
Reference checks are also available.
Reference checks are either by written inquiry or telephone conversations.
Reference checks are equally untrustworthy.
Reference checks are even weaker and becoming more difficult to obtain.
Reference checks are optional, but highly recommended.
Reference checks are the responsibility of the hiring department.
Reference checks are, of course, used to ascertain an employee's work habits.
Reference checks can help determine competence and values.
Reference checks can validate accomplishments.
Reference checks require as much skill in questioning techniques as selection interviews.
Some reference clocks require additional options to further specify the operation.
Reference collection includes dictionaries, encyclopedias, handbooks.
Reference collections continue to grow and reflect community needs.
Reference collections rely upon many selection factors .
Reference counting are counting.
Reference counting can detect unreferenced objects immediately and predictably.
Reference counting can manage the circular environments of mutual recursion.
Reference counting is interleaved with program execution.
Reference counting is used to determine when an object is no longer needed and can safely be freed.
Reference counting is used to determine when it is safe to reclaim an object's storage.
Reference counting manages the life cycle of instantiated components.
Reference counting reduces the cost of function calls.
Reference counting requires the mutator to explicitly discard records it no longer needs.
Reference databases are a priority.
Reference data includes also selective tables of contents.
Reference data is shared only with clients after they have submitted a request for proposal.
Reference design allows OEMs to go from concept to finished product in as little as six weeks.
Reference designs are also available for both products.
Reference designs are available.
Reference desk is staffed during the following hours.
Reference desk keeps latest update on each industry.
Reference desks are located in libraries.
Reference documents circulate at the discretion of the department head.
Reference electrodes are high purity zinc.
Many reference ellipsoids are in use by different nations and agencies.
Reference group is group with which an individual identifies.
Reference implementations are available on request.
Reference inquiries are welcome in person, by telephone, by e-mail or by post.
Reference intervals listed are for normal adults.
Reference laboratories perform tests.
Reference letters are an essential part of the application.
Reference letters are available.
Reference letters are common throughout.
Reference letters are particularly important.
Reference letters are to be mailed by whomever completes the evaluation.
Reference letters are to be submitted separately by the referees.
Reference letters are very helpful.
Reference letters are very important.
Reference letters can be confidential or non-confidential.
Every reference letter is read.
More reference letters are available upon request.
Reference librarians advise on library research strategy, online searching, and interlibrary loan.
Reference librarians are also available at other times by appointment.
Reference librarians are also available for research consultations.
Reference librarians are also available to assist public library staff with reference questions.
Reference librarians are always available to provide information to both faculty and students.
Reference librarians are always excellent sources for advice on any search.
Reference librarians are available at the Reference Desk to assist library patrons.
Reference librarians are available during all open hours to assist patrons in finding materials.
Reference librarians are available during most library hours to provide assistance.
Reference librarians are available for consultation and in-depth assistance.
Reference librarians are available for consultation on in-depth research questions.
Reference librarians are available for further assistance.
Reference librarians are available for guidance in locating materials.
Reference librarians are available in person whenever the library is open.
Reference librarians are available most hours the library is open.
Reference librarians are available on a daily basis to assist in research and resource instruction.
Reference librarians are available to aid students with their research.
Reference librarians are available to answer questions and help students locate materials.
Reference librarians are available to answer questions.
Reference librarians are available to assist anyone who wishes to do research.
Reference librarians are available to assist in locating materials in the catalogs.
Reference librarians are available to assist in locating research materials.
Reference librarians are available to assist patrons.
Reference librarians are available to assist students with research questions during library hours.
Reference librarians are available to assist users during most library hours.
Reference librarians are available to assist users in the retrieval and selection of information.
Reference librarians are available to help locate library materials on topics of study.
Reference librarians are available to help patrons whenever the library is open.
Reference librarians are available to help students in using the library's resources.
Reference librarians are available to provide assistance with print and non-print materials.
Reference librarians are available to provide assistance.
Reference librarians are eager to help students with their research topics.
Reference librarians are ever-helpful.
Reference librarians are here to find answers to all sort of questions.
Reference librarians are inquisitive by nature.
Reference librarians are located in libraries.
Reference librarians are notorious for responding to a query with more queries.
Reference librarians are often able to answer scholars' queries only by going to the stacks.
Reference librarians are on duty at the reference desk nearly all the time the library is open.
Reference librarians are on duty during all open hours.
Reference librarians are on duty most of the library's open hours.
Reference librarians are on duty to help with reference questions.
Reference librarians are on hand to provide assistance.
Reference librarians are one of the great untapped resources for small business owners.
Reference librarians are plentiful.
Reference librarians are professional information hunters.
Reference librarians are professional problem-solvers.
Reference librarians are professionals who assist library users with their research.
Reference librarians are readily available to assist with literature search and drug information.
Reference librarians are ready to help with database selection and search formulation.
Reference librarians are still available to help students if needed.
Reference librarians are very familiar with the research process and with library resources.
Reference librarians assist students and faculty with both electronic and print resources.
Reference librarians assist users in answering questions and locating information.
Reference librarians assist users in locating information and in the use of the library.
Reference librarians can advise on CD-ROM resources and help with search procedures.
Reference librarians can also call on the expertise of our faculty.
Reference librarians can also determine if there is another source for the requested information.
Reference librarians can also provide phone numbers for commercial document delivery services.
Reference librarians can answer most questions concerning government documents.
Reference librarians can assist in accessing census data online as well.
Reference librarians can be extremely helpful for finding names and addresses.
Reference librarians can help identify other resources.
Reference librarians can help students determine the availability of specific titles.
Reference librarians can help track down the answer.
Reference librarians can help with unusual titles.
Reference librarians can obtain assistance with difficult treaty questions via email.
Reference librarians can offer great assistance, but they, too, are limited by time.
Reference librarians can provide assistance in searching the catalogs of nearby libraries.
Reference librarians can suggest additional sources.
Reference librarians can suggest the best databases to address individual research needs.
Reference librarians can suggest the most appropriate topical indexing sources.
Reference librarians check the service throughout the work day.
Reference librarians check the service throughout the workday.
Reference librarians conduct online database searching.
Reference librarians conduct the online database searching.
Reference librarians conduct tours of the Library and give small group tutorials in legal research.
Reference librarians do a good job at the first line.
Reference librarians give library tours and workshops on information resources.
Reference librarians have access to many databases outside of our regular subscriptions.
Reference librarians help individuals find information in all formats.
Reference librarians help students define their information needs and suggest pertinent literature.
Reference librarians help with more than using the comprehensive reference collection.
Reference librarians know where to look and are happy to help.
Reference librarians love to match students and sources.
Reference librarians meet with the faculty or staff member at a time that is mutually convenient.
Reference librarians move from the desk to the bibliographic instruction room, and the classroom.
Reference librarians offer assistance in locating information and using our collections.
Reference librarians offer legal periodicals tutorial.
Reference librarians provide directional and informational assistance.
Reference librarians provide general help using the catalog and finding materials with indexes.
Reference librarians provide instruction in the use of library services and resources.
Reference librarians provide instruction to any class at any time of the year.
Reference librarians provide orientations on the use of the library at every campus library.
Reference librarians provide personal assistance to users.
Reference librarians read reviews and recommend purchase.
Reference librarians rely on such sources as excellent means for answering questions quickly.
Reference librarians schedule appointments for consultations with students, faculty, or staff.
Reference librarians staff the desk for most of the hours that the library is open.
Reference librarians welcome the chance to discuss class assignments before they are distributed.
Reference librarians work in close co-operation with specialists from other departments.
All reference librarians assist users with the documents collection.
All reference librarians do documents reference.
All reference librarians hold law degrees in addition to their credentials in library science.
All reference librarians provide documents reference.
Any reference librarian can help.
Every reference librarian brings their own subject strengths and weaknesses to a job.
Every reference librarian knows exactly where to go for most of the questions patrons tend to ask.
Most reference librarians have law, library science, and other advanced degrees.
Some reference librarians serve as liaison librarians .
Some reference librarians serve as liaison librarians to the academic departments.
Reference library contains DOI safety statistics and reference materials for SMIS users.
Reference library contains many early scientific texts.
Reference library has photographs for reprints.
Reference library includes documents, videos, curriculum materials.
Reference list follows each chapter.
Reference list is in the back.
Reference list is included.
Reference lists accompany each section.
Reference lists are an important facet of the modern academic journal.
Reference management involves far more than just learning to handle a particular PBMS system.
Reference markers are signs designed to improve emergency responses to highway incidents.
Reference material accounts for a great deal of paper in the home.
Reference material are available, as the costs and length of treatment vary.
Reference material includes encyclopedias, handbooks, and guides.
Reference material is acquired extensively.
Reference material is also available, if needed.
Reference material is always good.
Reference material is as current as possible especially when referencing status and species counts.
Reference material is available for in-library use only.
Reference material is available online from the Library Home Page.
Reference material is available only for in-library use.
Reference material is for consultation within the library only.
Reference material is held on shelves near front desk.
Reference material is included.
Reference material is shallow or only marginally appropriate.
Reference material is up to date .
Reference material is, in general, background material.
Reference materials are a great starting place for exploring a topic.
Reference materials are a great way to brainstorm about paper or speech topics.
Reference materials are a permanent collection of works.
Reference materials are abundant at the library, with microfiche services available.
Reference materials are also available at the front desk.
Reference materials are also available for science subjects.
Reference materials are also available for use in the library.
Reference materials are an important part of the collection.
Reference materials are an integral part of cross-curricular thematic or topic instruction.
Reference materials are another important resource.
Reference materials are available at the cooperative extension office.
Reference materials are available for consultation in the Library only.
Reference materials are available for historical and genealogical research.
Reference materials are available for in-house use only.
Reference materials are available for overnight circulation only.
Reference materials are available for pre and post program.
Reference materials are available for use in the library.
Reference materials are available in a variety of publications both in bookstores and libraries.
Reference materials are available upon request.
Reference materials are few and far between.
Reference materials are for consultation in the libraries only.
Reference materials are for in-house use only.
Reference materials are for in-library use only.
Reference materials are for library use only.
Reference materials are for use in the library.
Reference materials are library use only.
Reference materials are located in libraries.
Reference materials are non-circulating and are to be used in the library only.
Reference materials are on file.
Reference materials are room use only, unless special permission is granted.
Reference materials are sources for definitions, explanations, statistics, and overviews.
Reference materials are the most often chosen types to do electronically.
Reference materials are to the far left.
Reference materials are very much in use.
Reference materials circulate overnight.
Reference materials exist in formats other than paper.
Reference materials have a high priority in acquisition.
Reference materials have a limited check out period.
Reference materials help project the labor demand for different fields.
Reference materials offer support for the entire ERL collection.
Reference materials provide quick answers on a variety of subjects.
Reference materials provide useful information, primary sources, data, and maps.
All reference material is available on-line.
All reference material is on the first floor.
All reference material required to meet the objectives is included.
All reference materials are available on-line.
All reference materials are for in-library use only.
All reference materials are for use in the library only.
All reference materials are non-circulating.
Many reference materials are available electronically using the research databases .
Many reference materials are available in computer or CD-ROM format.
Many reference materials are available right online.
Most reference materials are available with a calibration certificate.
Much reference material is stored magneticly now, and distributed on disks.
Some reference material is also available electronically.
Some reference material is now available on CD-ROM at several libraries.
Some reference materials are available for an overnight checkout.
Some reference materials are available from the public library.
Some reference materials are in public and university libraries.
Reference models are an established tool in complex forms of analysis.
All reference models have provisions for dynamically generated objects.
Reference peaks are in a class by themselves.
Reference period is a quarter by economic activity.
Reference person figures out the right answers, then prints it out b.
A reference point is an indicator
Reference Points are conceptual points used to separate groups of ISDN function.
Reference points are fine.
Reference points are indicators.
Reference points are necessary to determine absolute displacements.
Reference points require updating in the light of improved data and technological advancement.
Reference points vanish.
Reference questions are a loosely-defined phenomenon in libraries.
Reference questions are a major part of the work in the library.
Reference questions are informational questions.
Reference questions are requests for assistance in locating specific information.
Reference questions are taken on a first come, first serve basis.
Reference questions are welcome, of course.
Reference questions come first.
Reference questions pose another problem.
Reference questions take much longer to answer when the maps are uncataloged.
Many reference questions are routine.
Many reference questions are very specific.
Reference range See individual tests.
Reference range varies due to variation in batch specific activity of labeled substrates.
Reference ranges are specific to each laboratory.
Reference ranges listed are for normal adults.
Reference software is free to download.
A reference system is an organization
Reference system is 'latlong', reference units are 'Degrees'.
Reference tables provide more detailed poverty information on each community.
Reference types are the class types, the interface types, and the array types.
Reference types range from journal article, book, or book chapter to thesis, report or patent.
Reference work features detailed chapters on major issues and concepts related to world development.
Reference work is a book
Reference work is a process that includes mediation and follow-up.
Reference work is fascinating and very fulfilling.
Reference work is the important and significant part of library work.
Reference works are on reserve in the library and in the study room of the seminary building.
Reference works have definitions and descriptions which nontechnically trained persons can grasp.
Many reference works are available on the Internet.
Many reference works are now online.
Some reference work is required of all librarians.
Some reference works are fairly complete regarding makes, manufacturers, cities and dates.
A reference is a remark
Reference actually contradicts the statement.
Reference Allows a unique reference to be added to a fax.
Reference also collects guides to the literature for appropriate special areas.
Reference also includes tips and links to other collections of recipes.
Reference are available upon request.
Reference are in chronological order with some comments.
Reference are to periodicals for the most part, but include miscellaneous publications.
Reference attempts to collect current and authoritative handbooks in all major subject fields.
Reference below is to chapters of modern authors, except where otherwise specified.
Reference Call no.
Reference Call No.
Reference calls attention to a particular person, event, or idea.
Reference check candidates through our directory of investigators.
Reference checking today is increasingly rigorous.
Reference clock out.
Reference complements Listings with seating charts for the major theaters throughout the country.
Reference consultations Professional reference service is available.
Reference contains a core collection of reference books and electronic services.
Reference contains links to a host of useful reference tools.
Reference contains references having to do with what is on the paper.
Reference contours at ten foot intervals.
Reference coordinate system support in assemblies.
Reference copies budgetary records.
Reference counting the underlying data arrays is used to create the field data.
Reference counting via tags on open and close is used to manage cache.
Reference counts - each time a pointer points to a memory location increment the reference counter.
Reference creates a relationship for an observer.
Reference databases for quick facts on a range of subjects.
Reference databases from the U.S., U.K. and Canada are globally searchable.
Reference describes the activities in which data is collected and organized.
Reference describes the functions that manipulate track references.
Reference Describes the mkimagevol utility and it's input command language.
Reference designs for both solutions are available upon request.
Reference designs from others are currently in development.
Reference Enter a brief description.
Reference Enter a descriptive text Doc.
Reference Enter the invoice number exactly as it appears on the invoice.
Reference explains how to use access keys for working with encrypted data.
Reference Find the top rankings for products, companies, cities, websites, and more.
Reference gateways on the Web.
Reference gives RDAs for other age groups.
Reference guides for citing Internet sources.
Reference guides for commonly asked questions provided.
Reference guides for historians and trivia buffs.
Reference guides for people using the Internet to plan their next trip or vacation.
Reference guides on all archival holdings are available to researchers.
Reference guides to state history and research.
Reference has books and pamphlets on careers.
Reference has latest only.
Reference has limited support for HTML tables.
Reference has paper and microfiche copies of annual reports.
Reference has paper copies of catalogs of colleges in Minnesota and surrounding states.
Reference has reference books and indexes relating to the subject of business.
Reference has several major foreign language encyclopedias.
Reference help availability varies during the summer and during spring and winter break.
Reference Here are some additional resources for more information on computer basics.
Reference here is particularly to registration functions and to business office transactions.
Reference here is to the vacuum of all electron microscopes.
Reference includes a dictionary, thesaurus, encyclopedia, quotations and a style manual.
Reference is a basic service of libraries.
Reference is a feature that allows distance and angle between two points to be computed.
Reference is a good way to stay fresh.
Reference is a huge part of it.
Reference is a moving target in sea-level controlled wetlands.
Reference is a range that spans two or more worksheets in a workbook.
Reference is a resource.
Reference is a rule here.
Reference is a separate process from sound-meaning, and is layered on top of it.
Reference is a valuable way to get feedback re the collections, re how they are used.
Reference is as reference does .
Reference is asked to address specific qualifications of candidate to perform duties.
Reference is available on request.
Reference is available upon request.
Reference is below.
Reference is by far the most important clich that is discernable by the intelligent masses.
Reference is by parish or township.
Reference is cited in the reference list.
Reference is defined loosely, and no endorsement is intended.
Reference is designed to be a teaching service.
Reference is directed to the attached sketch for focusing on the jurisdictional fragmentation.
Reference is facilitated by the numbering of the boxes.
Reference is free of charge.
Reference is given below to one or two useful reviews.
Reference is given to migration and the existing refugee situation.
Reference is given with each question on where to find the correct answer.
Reference is here .
Reference is indeed a good word, but vital or most vital are exaggerated.
Reference is irrelevant for a linguistic analysis.
Reference is linked from each division's description.
Reference is located on the main floor.
Reference is mad to prostitution.
Reference is made by the clergy following short term counseling.
Reference is made here to Black Sea, East Med and North Africa.
Reference is made here to such items as contracts and letters of intent.
Reference is made here to such items as travel and supplies.
Reference is made in many books of zinc going into or coming out of bone.
Reference is made in particular to statements regarding the potential implications of the study.
Reference is made in the discussion to achievements against the Strategic Plan for the Division.
Reference is made specially to the matter of selecting public burial spots.
Reference is made specifically to the use of grain cars.
Reference is made throughout the course to clinical applications.
Reference is made throughout to their name.
Reference is made to a few other research efforts as well.
Reference is made to a native-speaker who has been trained in linguistics when necessary.
Reference is made to a particular rate that has been negotiated at a particular university.
Reference is made to a real case.
Reference is made to actual research findings and parents and children voice their opinions.
Reference is made to an agency, which has provided funding for the project.
Reference is made to any other source of information as necessary.
Reference is made to appropriate design codes.
Reference is made to assessment procedures and related personality concepts.
Reference is made to both early and late phases and to the variations in light curves.
Reference is made to Building Permit.
Reference is made to changes of methods within the framework of publications or press reports.
Reference is made to confessions by terrorists who are arrested.
Reference is made to conservative treatments for phimosis.
Reference is made to current review and research papers in the areas under discussion.
Reference is made to date rather than page number.
Reference is made to decisions of domestic courts.
Reference is made to delegated local authority and their ability to resolve disputes.
Reference is made to extinct species and to the fossil record.
Reference is made to governing bodies and training as required by law.
Reference is made to government regulations of business and business torts.
Reference is made to hiring blacks, desertion and lonliness of soldiers.
Reference is made to historical and sociological materials.
Reference is made to human developmental anatomy throughout the course.
Reference is made to information sources.
Reference is made to job offerings as and when they are made.
Reference is made to legislation that deals with part-time employment.
Reference is made to objects moving on land, in the air and in the water.
Reference is made to organ embryogenesis to support the understanding of organ form and function.
Reference is made to other sources of information as necessary.
Reference is made to parallel periods of decadence in other literatures.
Reference is made to planning approval and building regulations.
Reference is made to problems of water, and tours of major cities are included.
Reference is made to relevant Malaysian cases on the matter.
Reference is made to research, safety aspects and therapeutic scope.
Reference is made to said mortgage for a description of the subject real estate.
Reference is made to several cases.
Reference is made to soldiers being rolled out like casks of wood when washed to refill with wine.
Reference is made to some relevant reviews and key articles.
Reference is made to studies of both human and animal models.
Reference is made to the adaptability of the individual to the bedroom.
Reference is made to the Annexes.
Reference is made to the chapter, section, number of the sutra, and the respective page.
Reference is made to the collection in which each song entry appears.
Reference is made to the concept of in the Bible.
Reference is made to the contract number and contractor name .
Reference is made to the description of a fire in dense forest on the eastern slope.
Reference is made to the discussion in Release No.
Reference is made to the economic optimization of a design.
Reference is made to the experiences of Middle Eastern and European countries.
Reference is made to the intelligence levels of subjects, but no data is provided.
Reference is made to the laboratory terms of registration.
Reference is made to the latest tax forms and changes.
Reference is made to the many tables and figures in the entries.
Reference is made to the office held by the commentator at the relevant time.
Reference is made to the particular difficulties of training delivered by expatriates.
Reference is made to the preparatory work being taken with a view to drafting an equality act.
Reference is made to the principal literature of various periods.
Reference is made to the result obtained by the value result function call.
Reference is made to the signature page.
Reference is made to the situation of street children elsewhere in South Africa and internationally.
Reference is made to the statutory duties and authority of a creditors' committee.
Reference is made to the support or lack of support in research for the theories.
Reference is made to the use of magnetism in conjunction with the practice of acupuncture.
Reference is made to the use of magnetism in conjunction with the practices of acupuncture.
Reference is made to the use of magnetism in conjuntion with the practices of acupuncture.
Reference is made to their work where appropriate.
Reference is made to women, aboriginals and same sex relationships.
Reference is made to work undertaken at other UK universities.
Reference is obtained by searching the list's archive.
Reference is only one aspect of meaning.
Reference is provided by telephone, mail, and on site.
Reference is provided to aid the reader in locating such a copy.
Reference is retained for any who downloaded the file earlier.
Reference is reviewed on an ongoing basis, with the entire collection reviewed within a year.
Reference is simple enough.
Reference is text that acts as a gateway to other, related content.
Reference is the high-end division of Paradigm.
Reference is the location where the calibration of the thermistor reading circuit can be adjusted.
Reference is the main document that describes the entire kernel streaming architecture.
Reference is the question.
Reference is to horizontal.
Reference is to many unions and pro-tenant groups.
Reference is to the page number on which the regulation can be found.
Reference is unified with the memory location of the record.
Reference isa statement.
Reference letters Two sealed letters of recommendation on letterhead.
Reference librarians on hand for questions.
Reference librarians present library orientation sessions as well as subject specific lectures.
Reference links off-site to other locations with information that supports research and study.
Reference lists on a wide variety of topics related to leisure, recreation, sport and tourism.
Reference lists several virtual resource centers.
Reference notes A reference note identifies the place in a work from which an idea or fact came.
Reference pages only.
Reference parameters The address of the parameter is passed into the procedure.
Reference Passing by reference is the act of passing by pointer or reference to a function.
Reference points in each country for the measurement system is the national metrology organization.
Reference projects Anyone providing service functions for fairs and congresses needs experience.
Reference promotes the use of the library to the university community.
Reference provides as many indexing and abstracting services as possible in all fields of knowledge.
Reference provides basic information about all VoiceXML tags.
Reference provides further description, such as loan, sundry debtor, or document numbers.
Reference provides other information access through electronic formats as available and appropriate.
Reference ranges for cortisol in neonates, infants, children, and adolescents.
Reference ranges for lymphocyte subsets in pediatric patients.
Reference ranges for the common lab tests.
Reference ranges for various peptide hormones are yet to be established.
Reference ranges The last time the information was reviewed and who did the review.
Reference re how to apply by analogy to non-web Internet use.
Reference re ss.
Reference reading on the subject is abundant.
Reference refers to a location in the library for books.
Reference s available.
Reference See below for a list of abbreviations.
Reference See below.
Reference selects general and some historical gazetteers.
Reference set frequency now includes tabular display.
Reference sets the reference field for which noise levels are calculated.
Reference sites A compilation of organisations who use our software products.
Reference sites The following sites are more suited to reference searches and academic study.
Reference sources Basic chemistry reference sources.
Reference states only that it is an abandoned settlement.
Reference succeeds when the audience does think of the right dog in the right way.
Reference there is to the history of heathen idolatries.
Reference Use it as a valuable reference source.
Reference use only.
Reference View the table of contents for each reference publication by clicking a logo.
Reference wastes valuable time.
Reference wetlands in eastern New York.
Reference Works Bring a dictionary to class.
Reference works for French, German, Spanish and English are for use in the room only.
Reference works from Bible Dictionaries to Bibles - something for every budget.
Reference works in British and American literature .
Reference Works in general.
Reference works most helpful.
Reference Works on Americana Includes price guides, bibliographies, and collector's guides.
Reference works on companies, products, marketing and technical subjects.
Reference works on Russia or Eastern Europe.
Reference works online - dictionaries, thesaurii, factual information, etc.
Reference works online .
Reference works portraying violence, news with violent content.
Reference works Reference works can be a useful starting point for a project.
Reference works such as bibliographies, dictionaries, and biographies a re collected actively.
Reference works to be specified during course presentation.
Reference works, children's books, fiction, etc. are all acceptable.
Reference works, dictionaries.
Reference works, in many cases, worked very, very well in that setting.
Reference works, with explanation of the used codes.
References abound on the internet.
References abound to medieval and contemporary Northern European design.
References abound to the altar books of both Christian East and West, with illuminating profit.
References abound to the landscape and culture of the Caribbean, Africa and urban America.
References abound, and no wonder.
References accompany each article.
References accompany each chapter.
References accompanying each pearl cite the supporting evidence in the medical literature.
References act much like pointers in a traditional programming language.
References also integrate well with explicit polymorphism.
References also tend to be divided somewhat into the two categories.
References apend some articles.
References appear as a separate section at the end of the paper.
References appear as part of a table of contents as well as on their own.
References appear at the end of every chapter, and an index is included.
References appear at the end of the manuscript, numbered in alphabetic order.
References appear at the end of the paper in numerical order.
References appear in literature.
References appear in parenthesis within the text of the essay.
References appear on a second page.
References append some articles.
References Apply for internship and interview with prospective internship sites.
References are a critical part of any job search process.
References are a critical part of the job-hunting process.
References are a design solution to a design problem, namely sending things via browsers.
References are a enormous assistance with locating skip accounts.
References are a given in any selection process.
References are a huge issue in building trust.
References are a little dated.
References are a major part of the entertainment business.
References are a natural way for writers to pay tribute to peers and predecessors.
References are a necessary part of any paper.
References are a separate section that appears right after the conclusion.
References are a type-safe form of pointer to the heap.
References are a very important feature of the paper.
References are absolutely essential for a DJ that works a Prom.
References are accurate, complete and in numerical order as they appear in the text.
References are actions.
References are adequate for other material.
References are also a necessity preferably from three or more people.
References are also available on another secure section of the site.
References are also available upon request.
References are also available.
References are also helpful in determining a company's stability.
References are also necessary.
References are also out of date.
References are also useful.
References are always available on request.
References are always available to illustrate the standards cited.
References are always available upon request.
References are always available.
References are always local links and are only used to navigate inside one document.
References are ambivalent, unenthusiastic or negative about the contractor.
References are among the most misunderstood and overlooked areas of the hiring process.
References are appropriate to the central theme of the work.
References are at the back of the magazine, following the last article.
References are at the bottom of pages.
References are at the conclusion of the article.
References are automatically dereferenced pointers and act like alternative names for a variable.
References are available .
References are available about DNA, fingerprints, hairs, fibers, and questioned documents.
References are available after direct discussions have established a mutual interest.
References are available and all relationships remain confidential.
References are available and gladly given.
References are available and gladly provided.
References are available by request.
References are available for all aspects of our live music dealings.
References are available for all individuals posting messages on our site.
References are available for all of our areas of practice.
References are available for any destination upon request.
References are available for any of the above projects on request.
References are available for any type of investigation, please ask.
References are available for interested companies or individuals.
References are available for interested individuals.
References are available for many of the programs listed.
References are available for more explanation.
References are available for most states and major cities.
References are available for serious adventure seekers.
References are available from customers by request.
References are available from customers throughout the world.
References are available from either association.
References are available from families who have been treated quickly and effectively.
References are available from first author.
References are available from former employers and business associates upon request.
References are available from last season's hosts.
References are available from many satisfied customers and relocation companies.
References are available from our current Casting professional members.
References are available from our customers on request to verify our honesty and reliability.
References are available from our many satisfied customers.
References are available from past participants.
References are available from the author upon request .
References are available from the author.
References are available from the authors.
References are available from the company on request.
References are available from the laboratory.
References are available from wedding and private event clientele by request.
References are available if requested.
References are available in all areas listed above.
References are available in the library and in the instructors office.
References are available in Word format here or in Acrobat format here .
References are available on a confidential basis.
References are available on our refferal page.
References are available on request .
References are available on request from the author.
References are available on request from the company.
References are available on request from the first author.
References are available on request is acceptable.
References are available on request who can attest to receiving good value for design dollars spent.
References are available on request. .
References are available on request.
References are available on the Referees Page .
References are available on their site.
References are available to agencies upon request.
References are available to health professionals and researchers in the UK and overseas.
References are available to prospective clients.
References are available to substantiate the service the member can offer.
References are available upon application.
References are available upon asking.
References are available upon customer request.
References are available upon request . .
References are available upon request .
References are available upon request and all work is guaranteed.
References are available upon request and consultations are free.
References are available upon request by e-mail .
References are available upon request during the consultation.
References are available upon request from author.
References are available upon request from first author.
References are available upon request from our many satisfied hunters.
References are available upon request from the corporate, educational and private sectors.
References are available upon request n Additional site examples available upon request.
References are available upon request, as well as a list of our satisfied client base.
References are available upon request, free consultations and estimates.
References are available upon request, please call or e-mail for more info.
References are available upon request.
References are Available Upon Request.
References Are available upon request.
References Are Available Upon Request.
References are available upon requests.
References are available upon the request.
References are available, as well as shipping and training.
References are available, call for a proposal.
References are available, contact the author for details.
References are available, just ask.
References are available, upon request, from past employers, current employers, and customers.
References are available, upon request, from past instructors, current employers, and customers.
References are available.
References are availbale upon request.
References are availble upon request.
References are avaliable on request.
References are avaliable upon request.
References are below.
References are bibliographies also.
References are by document series symbol.
References are certainly available upon request.
References are certainly the sum and substance surrounding the good and bad of one's career.
References are checked, and where possible, an evaluation of performance is obtained.
References are complete and definitions are clear.
References are complete and done properly.
References are confidential.
References are current, appropriate, and accurately presented.
References are current.
References are desirable for new bidders.
References are distinct from a bibliography.
References are easy to find through a useful hyperlink index.
References are either unreliable or full of fluff.
References are essential.
References are everything.
References are excellent.
References are explicit and to the point.
References are extensive and from varied sources.
References are external links to other sites on the internet.
References are extremely useful.
References are freely available on request.
References are fully first-class values in their own right.
References are given below .
References are harder to find.
References are helpful on large orders.
References are here .
References are important for a second reason.
References are important from a variety of users.
References are important tools for discovering the true nature of occupations.
References are important, since many smaller businesses can be here today, gone tomorrow.
References are important.
References are in alphabetical order by the surname of the first author of each publication.
References are in chronological order.
References are in English or French, depending on the language of the item indexed.
References are in English with the focus on heroin addiction in the United States.
References are in English.
References are in green .
References are in the documentation file.
References are in the form of instructional manuals, video, and case studies.
References are in the style required by the journal.
References are in the systematic review.
References are inappropriate or inadequately analyzed and used.
References are limited.
References are located in libraries.
References are meaning.
References are minimal.
References are mostly to sources in English, rather than to primary texts.
References are necessary for both volunteers and paid employees.
References are necessary.
References are no different.
References are no perfect.
References are no problem.
References are now available.
References are numbered consecutively in the order in which they appear in the text.
References are numerous and guide the surgeon to more in-depth reading.
References are of course available upon request.
References are often of equivocal value for filling the information gap.
References are on a separate sheet.
References are on film, cardex and microfiches.
References are on reserve at the library. .
References are one of the most valuable parts of a book.
References are only to the annotated games in the book.
References are optional.
References are out of context.
References are part of a company's profile.
References are predominantly from the last five years and are mainly evidence-based literature.
References are preferred.
References are presented at the end of the report and are grouped by subject.
References are primarily to journal articles.
References are publications.
References are rare for verification or elaboration.
References are readily available upon request.
References are readily available, and below are a few quotes from satisfied customers.
References are readily available.
References are relevant for all they contain.
References are resources.
References are searchable and available in full text.
References are self-serving.
References are similar to pointers in object oriented programming languages.
References are similar to regulators in how they function, but they are used much differently.
References are single-spaced and appear in alphabetical order.
References are single-spaced.
References are sometimes obscure or opaque.
References are sparse and generally refer the reader to a recent review article in a major journal.
References are superb.
References are the above listed web sites.
References are the best way to do that.
References are the final section on the resume.
References are the responsibility of the hiring organization to complete.
References are to abstract numbers.
References are to articles and sections within the articles.
References are to articles in periodicals and in books.
References are to articles in trade journals and other standard business journals.
References are to be by Endnotes.
References are to be cited according to Turabian formats.
References are to be cited in a chronological order to correlate with the text.
References are to be cited in the text by giving the author's name and year of publication.
References are to be cited in the text by number and numbered in the order in which they are cited.
References are to be cited to substantiate the position taken in the paper.
References are to be completed on the attached forms.
References are to be considered with all other sources of information about applicants.
References are to be given at the end of the contribution in accordance with the sample print-out.
References are to be in sealed envelopes.
References are to be included in the maximum page length.
References are to be included in their respective section footnotes field .
References are to be included in their respective section footnotes field.
References are to be kept to a minimum.
References are to be listed alphabetically by first author at the end of the article.
References are to be listed alphabetically.
References are to be listed at the end of the letter.
References are to be listed in alphabetical order based on the name of the first author.
References are to be listed in numerical sequence at the end of the article.
References are to be listed in the order that they appear in the text.
References are to be listed on a separate page.
References are to be numbered alphabetically and cited in text by number.
References are to be numbered alphabetically and cited in the text by number.
References are to be numbered and cited in the order in which they appear except for reviews.
References are to be numbered and cited in the text by number.
References are to be numbered consecutively using the endnotes style of referencing.
References are to be numbered in order of citation and cited in the text by number.
References are to be numbered in the list, and the numbers are then cited in the text.
References are to be numbered in the order they appear in the text.
References are to be numbered sequentially in the order in which they are cited in the text.
References are to books about over three million famous people from all nations and times.
References are to CFR citation number.
References are to chapters and subchapters.
References are to entry numbers.
References are to page numbers in that cumulation.
References are to page numbers in the daily issue.
References are to page numbers.
References are to pages of the hearing transcript.
References are to product number rather than page number.
References are to published sources of biographical information.
References are to South Africa.
References are to the chapters in the sourcebook.
References are to the current editions, unless otherwise noted.
References are to the date and page of the index volumes.
References are to the hearing transcript.
References are to the most recent versions.
References are to the Ohio Revised Code.
References are to the pages of the editions or to the folios of the manuscripts.
References are to the text.
References are to the year of the volume of the Laws of Maine and the page number.
References are to the year of the volume of the Laws of Maine and to page number.
References are to title and section numbers in the California Code of Regulations.
References are to top pages.
References are to year and Private and Special chapter number.
References are tricky and they take time and skill to check properly.
References are up to date and the most relevant ones are highlighted.
References are useful in argument passing and return.
References are varied.
References are ver y important.
References are very good from someone in a work environment.
References are very important in that they create a historical image of the firm.
References are very important.
References are welcome.
References are willing provided by customers.
References are, of course, available on request.
References are, of course, available upon request.
References are, where appropriate, accompanied by comments.
References ars scalars like any other scalar, so they can be contained in arrays.
References Ask around.
References Ask for references, but take lists of previous attendees with a grain of salt.
References availalbe upon request.
References based on separate permission from the clients are available upon request.
References Be prepared to provide the names and phone numbers of approximately three references.
References Be selective.
References become a part of the applicant's application file.
References begin with the same information provided for a printed source.
References belong in a later stage of the job search.
References below are to items in a new handout listing recommended changes.
References below are to U.S. dollars.
References below indicate how ovarian fluid is used.
References Call for references.
References can add to the length and so are best left off.
References can also be relative to the current document, as in the following examples.
References can be a concise and el egant alternative to quoting huge chunks of prior messages.
References can be a great source of candidates for recruiters facing difficult searches.
References can be advisors, professors, co-workers, supervisors, and business associates.
References can be an extremely valuable inclusion.
References can be either academic or professional.
References can be either verbal or written.
References can be in any of the standard formats.
References can be particularly helpful in making a final decision.
References can be personal, but academic or work-related ones are preferred.
References can be quite detailed and can include family information.
References can exist between columns, or fields , in one table and fields in another table.
References can follow any standard format.
References can give valuable insight into the efficiency of the studio.
References can go into an appendix.
References can go on additional pages.
References can have extensive annotations and comments.
References can include books, journals, newspaper articles, web pages and interviews.
References can sometimes recommend additional things to discuss with a particular caterer.
References can transform an average applicant into a new neighbor.
References can use outside resources.
References cites the text.
References Click on a topic to see a list of references.
References Click on any figure to see it enlarged in a separate window.
References Click on the picture to obtain notes, patterns, etc on that part of the costume.
References come from a variety of sources.
References Concentrate on key references only.
References concentrate on the most commonly cultured species in developed western countries.
References conclude each chapter.
References consist of books, monographs, and original journal articles.
References consist of the author, date.
References consulted are to be reported along with each manuscript sermon.
References contain complete bibliographic information.
References contain descriptions.
References contain links to reviews from the MathSciNet database when available.
References contain links to the cited material.
References contains sources that the user can use to gain more information on the species.
References continue about the tradition of ransoming Indian captives.
References describe development.
References describe phenomena.
References details the dataset's bibliography, with links to the sources.
References discuss a gateway server and multilingual e-text collection .
References do have persistent state that is properties.
References Establish a learning environment that is flexible, spontaneous and relaxed.
References exist to a number of colonial roads running through the area of Gilmer County.
References exist, for example, in the fields of mail order business and address management.
References explain details.
References follow chapters.
References follow different formats depending upon where they appear in the manuscript.
References follow each chapter, and a sheet of errata is included.
References follow each chapter.
References follow each entry and an index is provided in the work.
References follow the direct quotations.
References follow the text on a separate page titled References.
References following each entry refer to the bibliography at the end of the volume.
References following each entry refer to the bibliography.
References Give cross-references to any variant form found on the item.
References Give name, address and telephone number of three references.
References give the page number, followed by the issue number.
References gives a bibliography for the sources of the different catalogs.
References help identify the experts expressing their views.
References help, as does previous experience in the IT world.
References help, especially from certain labs.
References here are few.
References Here are some references for further reading on the topic.
References Here is a bunch of related works.
References Here is a collection of references concerning random generation.
References Here is a list of other interesting perl tutorials.
References hyperlink to full text.
References identify cells or groups of cells on a worksheet.
References Identify references in the text by superscript numbers.
References Identify references in the text using arabic numerals in brackets on the line.
References Identify references in the text using Arabic numerals in brackets on the line.
References Identify references in the text with Arabic numerals in parenthesis.
References include observations.
References indicate the same artists drew the comic in both periods.
References indicate the use of sun rays to melt chemicals and metals.
References indicates one place where the name of the taxon is recorded.
References is made to career and job opportunities in the area of food service.
References Joining a high-altitude trek or expedition is a serious decision.
References lack variety or are incomplete.
References Learn more about the art of the online journal.
References legislatives canadiennes.
References Let's begin with references.
References link similar styles and movements.
References listed are the initial published reports for each locus.
References listed provide more direction and suggestions.
References lists the normative standards referenced in the specification.
References lists the publications and videos that are in the library.
References lists the sources of the information used in the writing of the manual.
References Located here are links to nursing references, online and in print.
References Look for bibliographies or original research as attachments or appendices.
References Look for testimonials and references from other affiliates.
References looks for all references to a given name or pattern.
References made elsewhere however, do provide additional details for other programs.
References Maintain ophthalmic product information file.
References make sure they're in the proper format for the journal.
References map discovery about the character of the firm and workplace.
References Needs to be own subcategory - otherwise confused with true databases.
References Never list names or addresses of references.
References note . . .
References occur in ancient Irish annals to the cuisleannach or pipe blower.
References Offer to supply the names of references on request.
References only provide a basis for deciding with whom to do business.
References point back and forth between the module and the directive descriptions.
References point the way to other web resources with additional information disccussed in a chapter.
References preceded by the letter B are from the biography sections.
References Prepare a separate references page to list references.
References primer on molecular biology, class on recombinant DNA, molecular modelling, etc.
References promote self-directed learning.
References Provide a list of all published pertinent reference sources.
References Provide a list of references which support the protocol.
References Provide a list of three recent client references.
References provide a starting point for further research.
References provide additional research information.
References provide background reading for biographical and historic information.
References Provide citations for all literature referenced.
References provide details.
References provide further information.
References provide information.
References provide more detailed information.
References provide names, addresses, phone numbers, and titles.
References Provide on demand.
References Provide on-line Internet access to educational institutions immediately.
References provide sources used and are hyperlinked to technological info.
References provide upon request.
References provide valuable information to supplement academic credentials.
References provided are consistent with services required.
References Provides lists of references and related sites.
References Put in citations of any books or papers referred to.
References Put in citations of the books and papers referred to.
References range from the comprehensive to the specific.
References Read or make public comments about the site.
References Refer to our Bibliography for Selected Readings and Technical Documents.
References relate to school work and changes into adolescence.
References remain bracketed.
References Request three references, background information and an in-home estimate.
References require the applicant to provide the names and phone numbers of past employers.
References say it all.
References See Also makesegs for dividing into segments.
References see at the end.
References See bibliography for more detail on the references.
References See documentation for individual activities.
References See here .
References See Materials above.
References See our datasheets on books and supporting information on biofeedback.
References See printed booklist.
References See references page.
References See the Bibliography in the text.
References See the list .
References See the references below for more complete information and more advanced methods.
References See the section of references in the home page to see notes.
References See who buys here.
References seem fine.
References show questionable consis tency with stated beliefs or tradition.
References Stating that References are available upon request is optional.
References Take the oportunity to read a few of the letters of recommendation, from our customers.
References There are many references on the Web and in print to style sheets.
References There are many references out there for time series analysis.
References There are many references to web safe colors.
References There are many wonderful books about names from other cultures.
References There are really two parts to a reference citation.
References There are several schools of thought regarding references.
References There is no English paper.
References Think of a reference as a container for a value.
References typically appear on the skin of an object, and pointers on the inside.
References Use reference format in Instructions to authors.
References Use the author-date system for references in the text.
References used are available upon request.
References used are to be listed as a bibliography.
References used by author are available upon request.
References used by the author are available upon request.
References vary in strength and relatedness to the paper.
References vary on dates and cause of loss.
References View full-size introductory image.
References When looking for a good piano teacher, ask around.
References Write out journal names completely.
References sometimes reveal critical information about applicants.
References usually consist of information in parenthesis or square brackets within the text.
All reference dates in the monthly national estimates refer to the first of the month.
All reference is scanned materials, believed to be public domain.
All references are available at our office location upon request.
All references are available in downloadable versions for offline viewing, as well.
All references are available on the web.
All references are available upon request from the program author.
All references are available upon request.
All references are by name.
All references are detailed, thorough and complete.
All references are double-spaced.
All references are either Sturdy or Live.
All references are for information purposes only.
All references are from self-published sources.
All references are in Canadian dollars unless otherwise indicated.
All references are in print and electronic formats.
All references are in the English language.
All references are negative.
All references are now in the reference list.
All references are on computer databases and are immediately accessible.
All references are on reserve in the library.
All references are on the short loan collection in the library.
All references are relative to the launch sites.
All references are sound.
All references are subject to agreements with our clients.
All references are to be fully and properly cited.
All references are to be handed in with the paper for the group to receive credit.
All references are to be listed in alphabetical order at the end of the paper.
All references are to books in English.
All references are to British standards and clubs, unless otherwise indicated.
All references are to entry numbers in the guide.
All references are to Josephus' Jewish War .
All references are to mature factors unless otherwise indicated.
All references are to paragraph numbers.
All references are to scholarly articles.
All references are to the California Code.
All references are to the California Probate Code.
All references are to the following work.
All references are to the Illinois statutes except where specifically indicated.
All references are to the latter statute.
All references are to the most recent version of the statutes.
All references are to the third edition.
All references are to U.S. laws.
All references are to U.S. releases unless noted otherwise.
All references are to United States coins, unless otherwise noted.
All references are to working days.
All references are to works written in English only.
All references below are to the pages in the book.
All references below are to the textbook.
All references contain abstracts.
All references follow the noun.
All references give the same tonnage for both boats.
All references have information needed to retrieve the same publication.
All references have in-text citations.
All references have the title and keywords in English.
All references herein to employees, faculty, and students include both sexes.
All references made are for comparisons only.
All references refer to a common reference pool.
All references remain bracketed.
All references seem to mean to contain animals.
All references used by the authors of the website are available on the website.
All references used in the preparation of the material are to be cited.
Any reference including one in magazines is permitted.
Any reference is welcome.
Any reference made to a trademarked name is done so for the convenience of our customers.
Any reference made to the use of the stick implies any portion of the stick.
Any references are welcome.
Any references made are only for explanation and to the owner's benefit, without intent to infringe.
Every reference cited in the text is listed in the bibliography, and vice versa.
Every reference finishes with a period.
Every reference includes an abstract or brief summary.
Every reference is checked.
Many references appear parenthetically within the information.
Many references are also available by telephone.
Many references are available from pleased and repeat customers.
Many references are available upon request.
Many references are available.
Many references are on the Web.
Many references discuss the principles involved.
Many references exist on liquid crystals.
Many references exist on the topic of competency.
Many references exist on the topic of quality improvement.
Many references exist.
Many references foretell the future age.
Many references have abstracts or terse, pithy descriptions in lieu of an abstract.
More reference are available upon request.
More Reference works . . .
More references are available by request.
More references are available here.
More references are available upon request.
More References encyclopedias, dictionaries, thesaurus, etc.
More references obviously exist on specific syllabus issues.
More references welcome.
Most references appear in literature.
Most references are at the foot of particular articles.
Most references are brief.
Most references are clearly to the book of Psalms.
Most references are either in Spanish or English.
Most references are from articles already written and available on the internet.
Most references are from UK or Australian publishers.
Most references are North American but coverage is global.
Most references are reasonably accurate, but mainly due to memory, which can be off.
Most references are to articles in English and have English abstracts.
Most references are to German language sites.
Most references are to hear and report.
Most references are to the experience of colleges.
Most references concerning overall malaria control strategies and organization are also elsewhere .
Most references contain descriptions.
Most references describe development.
Most references describe phenomena.
Most references explain details.
Most references give little information regarding incubation times, etc.
Most references given are unsubstantiated at best.
Most references have a slightly different classification system.
Most references have abstracts.
Most references list their range as Virginia and south.
Most references mention dry branches and stems being most often infested.
Most references provide details.
Most references provide further information.
Most references provide information.
Most references provide the recommended soil type for a particular plant.
Most references recommend using DI water in a minimum of the anodizing tank and the seal tank.
Most references trace back to Hampshire.
Some reference is knowlege of human skin, some is occasional experiences holding reptiles.
Some reference is made to Australian regulations but no legislation or design guidance is listed.
Some reference works to be consulted when looking for a council document are the following titles.
Some references also suggest irrigating between sunset and sunrise.
Some references apply to two or more of the dimensions and are therefore listed under more than one.
Some references are actually a bit closer to home.
Some references are full text of articles.
Some references are here.
Some references are in html.
Some references are incomplete due to poor documentation at the source.
Some references are incomplete.
Some references are oganizations that conduct educational outreach and research.
Some references are to individuals leading their people against Rome for personal reasons.
Some references are written by astronomers.
Some references call it a drop down box.
Some references can be pure propaganda.
Some references can take far longer to obtain.
Some references come from books.
Some references consider anthraxolite to be a synonym for pyrobitumen .
Some references consider it the same as anthraxolite .
Some references draw inspiration.
Some references even suggest that the Roman pipers suffered lung damage as a result.
Some references explain observations.
Some references fully equate the testimony of males and females.
Some references give descriptions.
Some references have abstracts attached.
Some references have connotations.
Some references have spiritual connotations.
Some references help readers.
Some references just give a URL, or website address.
Some references link to full text electronic sources.
Some references link to full-text articles.
Some references only consider the last four to be the distinct phases of mitosis.
Some references provide backgrounds.
Some references refer to the gamma distribution with a single parameter.
Some references represent solutions to exercises.
Some references say that they're fragrant.
Some references say what type of tank they had, but more detailed records are harder to find.
Some references seem to refer to another organization with the same name.
Some references simply compile the history performed by others.
Some references suggest checking the pupils of the snake's eyes for identification.
Some references suggest leaving wine out when serving artichokes.
Referenceable customers are on the Web.
Referenced documents are available upon request.
Many referenced items are incomplete or unavailable.
All referenced material is from peer reviewed articles.
Referenced objects are instances with respect to only part of their stacks.
Referenced objects can be in any notation.
All referenced prices are United States Dollars.
All referenced trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
References Prices vary as listed below.
A referendum is a vote
Referendums are instruments for radical change.
Referendums are much more common.
Referendums are notoriously poor ways to make decisions in divided societies.
Referendums are real consultations with the public.
Referendums are votes.
Referendums can focus a nation's attention, so long as there are no more than two or three a year.
Referendums do carry a message.
Referendums go out tonight.
Referendums reflect the values that the citizens place on the agency.
Referendums represent taxes approved by voters.
Referendums require a majority to pass.
Referendums usually occur at different times to elections.
Referent power acts a little like role model power.
Referent power refers to a person who has desirable resources or personal traits.
Referent power uses the identification process.
A referent is a term
Referent is defined as the object or event to which a term or symbol is referred.
Referents are buffers that can be output before their final value is known.
Referential children talk about objects, while expressive children talk about feelings and needs.
Referential constraints are also unused.
Referential descriptions are also appropriate.
Referential integrity can also prevent accidental deletion or editing of data.
Referential integrity ensures that changes made in one datatable are reflected in a linked table.
Referential integrity is also part of a good list of features.
Referential integrity is assured for all relationship forms via tombstones.
Referential integrity is enforced.
Referential integrity is ensured.
Referential integrity is maintained through the use of foreign keys.
Referential members are like symbolic links.
Referential persistence is supported through the concept of ownership.
Referential processing refers to the cross-activation of the two types of memory codes.
Referential symbolism can aid in driving the cycle toward quiescence.
Most referral agencies offer special in-house deals to their own agents.
Referral agents earn a referral on referred agents transaction commissions for up to one year.
Referral assistance is also available to employees without charge.
Referral assistance is also available without charge for employees.
Referral assistance is available for both child care and elder care.
Referral assistance is available.
Referral assistance is provided when appropriate.
Referral bonus takes effect three months from the funding of the referred Account.
Referral bonuses take effect three months from the funding of the referred account.
Referral cards are available at all locations.
Referral cards are available upon request.
Some referral centers offer food and showers while waiting.
Some referral clerks specialize in referring specific types of workers, such as nurses.
Some referral clerks specialize in specific types of workers, such as nurses.
Referral fee means compensation for recommending or referring any service of a CPA to any person.
Referral firms are essentially marketplaces.
Referral form calculates an expiring discount code based on the number of people they refer.
Referral forms are available at all elementary schools or through the Quest office.
Referral forms are available at each district office or a referral can be made by phone.
Referral forms are available at each school site.
Referral forms are available from building principals or the gifted education office.
Referral forms are available in each school.
Referral forms are available in HR upon request.
Referral forms are available in the counseling office.
Referral forms are available in the school office.
Referral forms are available on request.
Referral forms are available online, at the library, and with the center assistant.
Referral forms are the responsibility of the patient.
Referral groups emphasize the referral.
Referral income increases dramatically because of improved follow up and monitoring.
Referral information is also available.
Referral information is available for general counseling and medical attention.
Referral information is available for on and off-campus services.
Referral information is available on the private rental units which are considered affordable.
Referral information is provided about other agencies that can assist in facilitating recovery.
Referral information is provided to students and tutors.
Referral information is provided, as well as a summary of facts about small business.
Referral marketing comes from two primary sources.
Referral programs are great, but they are passive in nature.
Referral programs go in here.
Every referral request is performed on an individual basis.
Referral resources are also available.
Referral roster connects clients with psychosynthesists all over the world.
Referral service is free to the public.
Referral service is free.
Referral service is offered as needed.
Referral service Refers a lead from a qualified customer to a participating seller.
Some referral services are nonprofit organizations sponsored by the local bar association.
Some referral services are specific, such as victim assistance or alcohol and drug lines.
Referral specialists are specialized patient care coordinators.
Referral time can vary but is generally less than six months.
Referral work is always the best.
A referral is a forwarding
Referral automatically retrieves caller information and quickly returns provider information.
Referral can be by the school or parent.
Referral can originate with patient, family, physician, or social services.
Referral comes by way of a phone call to the family.
Referral displays the distance from the caller to the selected provider s location.
Referral elsewhere is an option.
Referral is a process that Thais are familiar with.
Referral is a time-consuming process that causes nightmares in physician offices.
Referral is a way to show concern for the employee as well as for productivity.
Referral is about nine to twelve months from submission of completed dossier.
Referral is also available to inpatient programs if needed.
Referral is approx.
Referral is approximately eleven months from submission of completed dossier.
Referral is approximately six months from submission of completed dossier.
Referral is approximately six to eight weeks from application.
Referral is approximately six to nine months from submission of completed dossier.
Referral is automatic.
Referral is available upon request.
Referral is essential.
Referral is everfeel.
Referral is from Medical sources.
Referral is ginasbr, thanks.
Referral is good for the initial evaluation of the diagnosis stated on the original consultation.
Referral is imperative no matter how small the amount of blood.
Referral is indicated with severe displacement.
Referral is made at any appropriate time.
Referral is made at any time that seems appropriate for the case.
Referral is made by the patient's own family doctor or hospital consultant.
Referral is made for beneficial medication when appropriate.
Referral is made for bone-marrow transplantation, if indicated.
Referral is made only with the consent of the employee or family member seeking assistance.
Referral is made to address concerns regarding the child's emotional development.
Referral is made to Christian professionals when necessary.
Referral is made to community resources as needed.
Referral is made to ophthalmologist if a medical condition is discovered.
Referral is made to other services as needed.
Referral is mandatory and automatic for all eligible cases.
Referral is needed for all specialty services.
Referral is needed for possible surgery.
Referral is posted.
Referral is probably the most effective outreach source.
Referral is provided when necessary.
Referral is required prior to consultation appointment.
Referral is required.
Referral is stayed pending the decision on the objection.
Referral is still the surest way to choose a Denturist.
Referral is the big answer.
Referral is the most powerful pathway for any business to recruit newcustomers.
Referral is the only way out.
Referral is the truest gauge of customer satisfaction.
Referral is two to three months from submission of completed dossier.
Referral is usually through a digital photo, with medical reports and blood results.
Referral is via health professionals and social services.
Referral is via the local social services department.
Referral isa recommendation.
Referral occurs after the close of discovery.
Referral processes e.
Referral takes two forms.
Referral tends to be loyal customers.
Referrals abound from all over the United States and are a major part of their business.
Referrals allow one to avoid competition.
Referrals also arise from other hospitals in the Richmond District.
Referrals also come from friends, family members and even from the children themselves.
Referrals also come from other parts of the Characterization Facility.
Referrals also come from schools, other agencies, and clients themselves.
Referrals also contribute phenomenally to our growth.
Referrals are a good place to start.
Referrals are a great idea but their time is in the future.
Referrals are a great source of information.
Referrals are a great source of new clients.
Referrals are a great way to acquire new prospects.
Referrals are a great way to go.
Referrals are a great way to meet people.
Referrals are a key positive contributor to any business.
Referrals are a key strategy for an agency to have consistently high customer loyalty and retention.
Referrals are a routine part of health care.
Referrals are a terrific way to drum up new business quickly.
Referrals are a time and cost effective means of recruiting as well as an efficient job search tool.
Referrals are a way of life.
Referrals are advisably the best way to find a company.
Referrals are also available for scholarship programs and work opportunities in specific majors.
Referrals are also available to community resources.
Referrals are also available to Spanish-speaking consumers.
Referrals are also available.
Referrals are also shared.
Referrals are always a good source of information.
Referrals are always a good way to find a lender.
Referrals are always a good way to go.
Referrals are always helpful, too.
Referrals are always the best advertisements.
Referrals are always warmly appreciated.
Referrals are always welcome.
Referrals are always worth that extra effort.
Referrals are an essential element in managing care.
Referrals are an important part of any business.
Referrals are an important part of our business.
Referrals are an important source or our business.
Referrals are an integral part of our managed care processes.
Referrals are another hot-button issue.
Referrals are another problem when the church takes over a community hospital.
Referrals are available for consultants who can provide a fee-based indepth assistance.
Referrals are available for general legal matters.
Referrals are available for other counties and districts.
Referrals are available for other counties.
Referrals are available for other foreign languages.
Referrals are available for other parts of the country.
Referrals are available for resources on and off campus.
Referrals are available for specialized evaluation of alcohol and other drug problems at no charge.
Referrals are available from previous puppy owners.
Referrals are available from the chapter to other community based resources.
Referrals are available in Spanish and English.
Referrals are available on request.
Referrals are available to local mental health professionals as needed.
Referrals are available to professional translators for projects.
Referrals are available to testify to our concern for quality and customer satisfaction.
Referrals are available upon request.
Referrals are available when indicated.
Referrals are available.
Referrals are best when they are direct from the referral.
Referrals are both an efficient and productive approach to generating business.
Referrals are by probation order or a condition of parole.
Referrals are cases.
Referrals are common among real estate practitioners.
Referrals are complimentary to potential clients.
Referrals are confidential and can be made by anyone.
Referrals are cumulative in nature for the school year.
Referrals are down and fighting has decreased for the past several years.
Referrals are easier to procure as compared to the traditional insurance product pitch.
Referrals are fast and free.
Referrals are forwarding.
Referrals are from psychiatric emergency rooms only.
Referrals are from social service agencies.
Referrals are generally infants.
Referrals are gold.
Referrals are golden.
Referrals are good up to one year from the date of their submission.
Referrals are great and particularly referrals from current employees.
Referrals are hassle free and easy to obtain.
Referrals are helpful.
Referrals are key to making money.
Referrals are now the number-one source of new employees.
Referrals are often a source of new customers for our members.
Referrals are often important in order to provide callers with a comprehensive service.
Referrals are often the best advertisements, while architects are also a good place to start.
Referrals are one indication of great service.
Referrals are one level deep.
Referrals are only by the court.
Referrals are only good once.
Referrals are our leading source for new accounts.
Referrals are part of the practical advice.
Referrals are personal.
Referrals are pointers to other servers that are presumed to be closer to the desired data.
Referrals are popular here.
Referrals are possible.
Referrals are preferable to picking out someone at random from the phone book.
Referrals are probably our best source.
Referrals are pure gold.
Referrals are readily available.
Referrals are really easy.
Referrals are really the bread and butter.
Referrals are recommendations.
Referrals are state-wide.
Referrals are still one of the best ways to find a job from abroad.
Referrals are still the best bet.
Referrals are the basis for our helping others.
Referrals are the best approach for a prompt review.
Referrals are the best sign of a job well done.
Referrals are the best testimonials.
Referrals are the bread and butter of any private practice.
Referrals are the first place to start.
Referrals are the foundation of any good real estate business.
Referrals are the greatest form of advertisement of any sort.
Referrals are the key to a profitable wedding video business.
Referrals are the key to making significant amounts money.
Referrals are the lifeblood of many small businesses, and links are like referrals.
Referrals are the most economical promotion of all.
Referrals are the most productive.
Referrals are the most sincerest form of flattery .
Referrals are the most underutilized form of free marketing.
Referrals are the prerecorded messages which refer the caller to the new phone number.
Referrals are the ultimate compliment an agent can receive.
Referrals are through local health departments or directly from families.
Referrals are to no fee or low cost providers.
Referrals are to physicians within the group practice.
Referrals are useful.
Referrals are usually by appointment.
Referrals are valid for a specific period of time or number of visits.
Referrals are valuable.
Referrals are very valuable to the small business owner.
Referrals are way down.
Referrals are welcome and appreciated.
Referrals are welcome from any physician.
Referrals are welcome from any source.
Referrals are welcome from parents, educators, physicians and other health care providers.
Referrals are welcome from physicians and other health care providers, employers and self-referrals.
Referrals are welcome from physicians, other health professionals, employers and self-referrals.
Referrals are welcome, and volunteers are always needed.
Referrals are welcome, particularly for children with handicapping conditions or special needs.
Referrals are welcome.
Referrals are what it's all about.
Referrals Ask our own members to help identify prospects Monthly referral contests.
Referrals assist individuals in finding and using appropriate community resources.
Referrals assist individuals in finding and using appropriate medical and community resources.
Referrals boost bottom lines - relationships count.
Referrals can be five levels deep.
Referrals can be professional or personal.
Referrals can be self, school, or parent initiated.
Referrals can be very helpful if they are appropriately prepared.
Referrals can come directly from the child's familoy or by others involved with the child.
Referrals can come from a friend, from a teacher, as a self-referral or as a step in during a fight.
Referrals can come from a wide variety of sources.
Referrals can come from colleagues, present employees, and friends.
Referrals can direct clients to other providers.
Referrals can help patients narrow the search for a new doctor to a few candidates.
Referrals can take several weeks to several months to schedule an appointment.
Referrals can take up to three months for infant females and up to two months for infant males.
Referrals charge within lots tear either reply wimbledon tennis ball.
Referrals come directly from the court system.
Referrals come from a number of sources.
Referrals come from a variety of sources including self-referrals.
Referrals come from a variety of sources.
Referrals come from all over New York State.
Referrals come from churches around the country.
Referrals come from doctors, the hospital and other agencies.
Referrals come from friends, someone in church, someone in the neighborhood.
Referrals come from local community agencies and friends and family of students in the class.
Referrals come from local schools, physicians, therapists and parents.
Referrals come from many sources and parents can request the service.
Referrals come from patients and staff.
Referrals come from pediatricians throughout the community.
Referrals come from police, school personnel, parents and staff.
Referrals come from private and public sources throughout the community.
Referrals come from satisfied customers.
Referrals come from schools, parents, physicians and individuals themselves.
Referrals come from teachers, guidance counselors, parents or students.
Referrals come from the medical and educational profession as well as from other parents.
Referrals come from Utah and the surrounding intermountain states.
Referrals come from various community sources.
Referrals come from various human service agencies.
Referrals come from various individuals and organizations.
Referrals come in from across the world as a result of our presence on the Internet.
Referrals come largely from the local church community.
Referrals come through the clergy.
Referrals commonly come from family, the children themselves or their medical teams.
Referrals consistently rate as the highest quality applicants.
Referrals continue to come in at an amazing rate.
Referrals count only for customers signed up within specified contest periods.
Referrals -Direct the victim to community resources for further assistance.
Referrals earn add mssg.
Referrals Existing franchisees have friends, colleagues and customers.
Referrals gain within a affair than curse darts.
Referrals generally occur at the initial case management conference.
Referrals generally occur because of the efforts of the attorney who is receiving such referrals.
Referrals go a long way.
Referrals help immensely.
Referrals hurt till either canned food science diet.
Referrals indicated are for all alcohol policy violations.
Referrals is already another.
Referrals is another way.
Referrals is clearly the most profitable way to go.
Referrals is the name of the game for the big bucks.
Referrals link families with long term solutions for problems.
Referrals made as part of the disciplinary process are mandatory for students.
Referrals mostly come from agencies working with families.
Referrals occur from a broad base of physician specialties throughout the West Michigan area.
Referrals only count towards cash after they have accepted an offer.
Referrals originate from the North Bay Regional Center.
Referrals receive vouchers for six months of supplies.
Referrals Recording all referrals in detail is considered essential.
Referrals Refer the patient to available community resources .
Referrals require a physician order.
Referrals require an application, tour and intake interview.
Referrals run up to five levels deep.
Referrals start onto whatever contrast neither climb Poly spot.
Referrals try to meet the special needs of each family.
Referrals typically arise from agencies on campus.
Referrals typically come by way of parents, school or other medical professionals.
Referrals ultimately occur independent of hospital affiliation.
Referrals vary according to plan, see patient s I.D. card.
Referrals vary from country to country.
Referrals when writing, editing, and teaching opportunities arise.
Referrals work, and they're great to receive . . .
Referrals often come from parents, nurses, physicians, teachers and social service staff.
Referrals often result in fee-generating cases from member attorneys.
Referrals often work the other way around, too.
All referrals are anonymous.
All referrals are by appointment only.
All referrals are by physician prescription.
All referrals are confidential.
All referrals are duly acknowledged.
All referrals are free.
All referrals are from social service agencies.
All referrals are optional, except in some cases regarding substance use in the workplace.
All referrals are strictly confidential.
All referrals come through the juvenile justice system.
Every referral adds a free month.
Every referral is handled with the strictest confidentiality.
Many referrals center on education-related issues.
Many referrals come from parents with students who have gone through previous programs.
More referrals also equals greater job security.
More referrals equals a greater discount.
Most referrals are from counsel or self-referrals.
Most referrals are in the areas of family law, income maintenance, housing and consumer finance.
Most referrals come directly from primary care physicians.
Most referrals come from adult children of aging parents.
Most referrals come from hospitals, family members or physicians.
Most referrals come from inpatient settings.
Most referrals come from physicians or hospitals.
Most referrals come from the Fort Worth health department, local hospitals and private physicians.
Most referrals come from the state agencies.
Most referrals come from YOTs or self-referrals.
Most referrals fall into one of two categories.
Some referrals are no charge, e.g. self-help groups.
Some referrals come from doctors, schools, and various organizations.
A refill is a product
Refill boxes with rocks, coals, potatoes, week-old leftovers, or dog poo.
Refill canteens at every opportunity.
Refill canteens with treated water at every opportunity.
Refill capsules again and repeat.
Refill displays regularly to imply freshness and invite browsing.
Refill inks vary in quality.
Refill is needed for recreation on the reservoir and to provide water for power production.
Refill shells with mixture.
Refill skins and bake five minutes in a hot oven.
Refill skins and garnish each with slices of banana.
Refill skins, and bake five to eight minutes in very hot oven.
Refills apply only to qualifying products and to original professional products refillable bottles.
Refills are also available for the wooden keg.
Refills are also available.
Refills are also limited.
Refills are available along with training and inservice workshops.
Refills are available at many harbors.
Refills are available for all kits.
Refills are available for all our Kits.
Refills are available in one and five gallon containers.
Refills are available on all side dishes.
Refills are available too.
Refills are available.
Refills are easy.
Refills are effortless.
Refills are fill.
Refills are free.
Refills are good for the number of refills or the expiration date whichever comes first.
Refills are limited to the cases noted below.
Refills are located in coffee shops.
Refills are located in cups.
Refills are located in restaurants.
Refills are merchandise.
Refills are on the guest account.
Refills are prescription drugs.
Refills are ready for pickup the next duty day.
Refills are to be called in one duty day and picked up the next duty day.
Refills are used for coffee.
Refills are used for iced tea.
Refills are used for order.
Refills are used for prescriptions.
Refills are used for soda.
Refills are used for tea.
Refills are-on the house.
Refills cost extra.
Refills Refilling the pump is a painless procedure that is done as an out-patient.
Refills require a new prescription and application form from the physician.
Refills require another application form and prescription.
Refills require two hours notice.
Refills tank quickly, quietly.
Refills tanks with nitric acid solution, using pump.
Refills Use a new application.
Refills Use a new form.
Refills use a small quantity of foam concentrate and water.
Refills Use an entirely new application, just like first time. .
Refills Use entirely new application, just like first time. .
More refill scented critters are available.
Some refills require special arrangements, so please call several days in advance.
Refillable bottles are much heavier than non-refillable ones.
Refillable containers are very cheap at hardware stores.
Refillable holder holds all-natural treats.
Refillable planner includes calendar, note sheets, and phone and address book.
All refillable prescriptions are tax exempt on subsequent purchases.
Refilling are filling.
Refinanced mortgages are easier to navigate online than home purchase mortgages.
Refine sugar includes sugar.
Refine sugar includes white sugar.
Refined alignment enhances the benefits brought by the postures.
Refined aluminum is very lightweight, workable, and easily recycled.
Refined ambiance is what Holland America calls their upgraded service.
More refined analysis are in progress.
More refined analysis is in progress.
Refined beeswax is one of the best waxes there is.
Refined carbohydrates are universally OUT, including sugar and refined flour of all types.
Refined carbohydrates can cause rapid weight gain.
Refined carbohydrates create a special stress on the pancreas.
Refined cleanliness means refined mind.
Refined coal is cleaner and has nearly twice the heat value of unrefined coal.
Refined flour is used to make plain, white bread.
Refined foods are devoid of nutrients but high in calories.
Refined fructose is sweeter than granulated sugar.
Refined fuel is available from starport facilities.
Refined gasoline is transported by pipeline from the refinery to gasoline terminals.
Refined grains are low in fiber and in the protective substances that accompany fiber.
Refined grains have little or none.
Most refined grains are enriched.
Refined luxury is the key characteristic of the renovated public areas, restaurants, bars etc.
Refined menus are more intuitive, easier to navigate.
Refined oil gets thick, blackish and foamy after frying pakodas.
Refined oil is colorless and tasteless.
Refined oil is shipped to customers in New York and Chicago.
Refined oil is used as a lubricant.
Refined oil is used in microscopy.
All refined oils are bad.
Refined parameters are obvious by tick mark next to the value.
Many refined people use only one hand to eat at their meals.
Refined potash is de-watered, dried and sized.
Refined romance describes the unique mix of modern luxury and rustic charm.
Refined salt is the 'most yang' with eggs, meat, fowl, and fish approaching the mean.
Refined salt maintains the nutritive and organoleptic qualities of fodder.
All refined salt is, by law, only sodium chloride with all the trace minerals removed.
Refined sample reports.
Refined searches can produce more accurate and useful results.
Refined sugar can cause subclinical deficiencies and future health problems and illness.
Refined sugar causes the body to deplete chromium more rapidly.
Refined sugar comes from sugar cane for sugar beets.
Refined sugar comes from sugar cane or sugar beets, which are processed to extract the sugar.
Refined sugar disrupts the balance of vitamins and minerals in the body.
Refined sugar has many functions in food other than providing sweetness.
Refined sugar increases the amount of calcium lost through urine.
Refined sugar is a different animal.
Refined sugar is another no-no.
Refined sugar is bad news for everyone.
Refined sugar is condiments.
Refined sugar is devoid of nutrients and creates a greater endocrine stress on the body.
Refined sugar is made from raw sugar that has undergone a refining process to remove the molasses .
Refined sugar is poison.
Refined sugar is powder.
Refined sugar is responsible for most tooth decay.
Refined sugar is sweetener
Refined sugar is sweetener.
Refined sugar is the same whether it comes from sugar cane or sugar beet.
Refined sugar is white.
Refined sugars are probably responsible for the obesity of the Western world.
Refined sugars go by the names of glucose , dextrose and sucrose .
Refined sugars produce adverse reactions in all cells by causing wide variations in blood sugar.
Refined sugars provide calories, but they lack vitamins, minerals, and fiber.
Refined sugars stay in the mouth often long enough to react to the bacteria in plaque.
Some refined sugars use bone charcoal as a decolourant.
More refined systems do measure the intensity of the sine wave.
Refined taste is demonstrated in every detail.
Refined wheat seems to trigger wheezing in some people.
Refined zinc is marketed in Latin America, the United States and Asia.
Refinement fills in the pieces.
Refinement focuses on minimizing pain and distress of the animals used in experimentation.
Refinement involves finding systematic methods of rejecting equilibria as implausible.
Refinement is excellence.
Refinement is improvement.
Refinement is in order.
Refinement is in progress.
Refinement is perfection
Refinement occurs over time and through a myriad of circumstances and situations.
Refinement refers to techniques which reduce the pain and distress to which an animal is subjected.
Refinement requires time.
Refinement takes shape through the study of techniques and addition of skills.
Refinements appear throughout the document, on almost every page.
Refinements are also necessary to ensure that federal planning requirements are met.
Refinements are de rigueur to keep noise and smoke levels down.
Refinements are done to the plaster, details are fine tuned.
Refinements make for a quieter motor.
A refiner is a skilled worker
Refiners also earn up to about one cent per litre but on a multibillion-dollar investment.
Refiners are a more complex case.
Refiners are busy gobbling up oil to make gasoline for summer driving.
Refiners are skilled workers.
Refiners blend natural gasoline with other gasoline.
Refiners call that unrealistic and raise the specter of commerce-crippling fuel shortages.
Refiners can now rely on government to carry the cost of stockpiles.
Refiners can use same flexibilities offered in the national rule.
Refiners claim reformulated gasoline prices are high because supplies are low.
Refiners favor a regional approach.
Refiners have little choice but to continue using the additive . . .
Refiners hold back from filling their tanks.
Refiners produce gasolines with a range of octane ratings.
Refiners produce or buy crude oil and sell the petroleum products.
Refiners try to make every last drop of crude oil into products, but that's technically infeasible.
Most refiners settle for three or four stocks from which they blend their range of finished oils.
Some refiners make brown sugar by adding syrup to refined white sugar.
A refinery is a plant
Refineries are a mess.
Refineries are plants.
Refineries are the port's major industry.
Refineries are the single largest industrial source of benzene emissions.
Refineries are the single largest stationary source of VOCs, the primary precursor of urban smog.
Refineries buy the recycled metal and convert it back to pure copper.
Refineries convert crude oil into valuable, saleable products.
Refineries have (part) bases.
Refineries have (part) sections.
Refineries have another job.
Refineries have cooling systems that operate much like huge radiators.
Refineries have to retool their plants to process heating oil instead of gasoline.
Refineries hold oil.
Refineries operate at less than capacity . . .
Refineries operate only with locally produced oil.
Refineries owned by the integrated companies require more crude than the owners produce directly.
Refineries produce very little waste.
Refineries rely on four major processing steps to alter the ratios of the different fractions.
Refineries require no water, steam, instrument air or external fuel supply.
Refineries require technology.
Refineries serve as the bartenders of the oil industry.
Refineries then manufacture gasoline, diesel, asphalt, petrochemicals and other products.
Refineries use large quantities of LRGs and NGLs.
Refinery has an excellent secondary objective and a very good theme.
Refinery is a strategic web design and technology firm.
Refinery isa structure.
Refineries usually run at their peak capacities when gasoline demand is highest during the summer.
All refineries use distillation to separate crude oil into more useful components.
Most refineries have classical distillation columns.
Most refineries hold oil.
Most refineries operate highly complex and integrated production systems.
Most refineries require technology.
Some refineries destroy benzene by putting it in tanks filled with chemical-eating bacteria.
Some refineries have their workers on a rotating schedule.
A refining is a processing
Refining adds value by discovering relationships, performing synthesis, and abstracting.
Refining allows the average speaker to become good and the good speaker to become even better.
Refining can recycle oil again and again, compounding the savings.
Refining improves the texture of the chocolate.
Refining includes the extraction of gas and petroleum products.
Refining inherited methods adds new functionality to existing code or methods.
Refining is one of the most important reasons for growth of the Houston area.
Refining is the process of removing all the bad stuff.
Refining is the separation and purification of gold from other metals.
Refining is usually by electrolysis, but gold in ores is recovered by a smelting process.
Refining makes things more difficult.
Refining means to remove all of the impurities that are found.
Refining occurs after the department s direction has been formally refocused.
Refinings are manufacturing.
Refinings are processing.
Refinings are separatings.
A refit is an outfitting
Refit brushes to commutator.
Reflation equals increased public debt.
Reflation is inflation
Reflationary budgets increase total demand within the economy.
Reflect telescopes use mirrors.
Reflectance changes in ground vegetation Looking west near the southern end of the trail.
Reflectance describes how much visible light is reflected back toward the source.
Reflectance is a big issue.
Reflectance is a coefficient
Reflectance is controlled by composition of the rock type and surface maturity.
Reflectance is defined as the ratio of reflected to incident light.
Reflectance is shown as a percentage of the reflectance from the standard.
Reflectance is the ratio of light out to light in.
Reflectance is the ratio of the radiance from an object to the irradiance reaching the object.
Reflectance is the shaded relief method currently used.
Reflectance is used as a measurement of white cement quality.
Reflectance measures the degree of graphite crystallite order within the coal.
Reflectance refers to the percent of light of any given wave length that a surface reflects.
Reflectance remains constant for a given plant type in a given location.
Reflectance varies inversely with increasing roughness, organic matter content, and soil moisture.
Reflectance varies with angle of incidence.
Reflected sunlight is the most common external source of radiation sensed by passive instruments.
Reflected sunlight is the most common source of radiation measured by passive sensors.
Reflection coefficient is a function of angle.
Reflection groups are a part of the ongoing feedback loop.
Reflection maps are fake reflections, handeled as textures.
Reflection maps can be with planes, spheres or cubes.
Reflection mapping is used to produce the polished appearance of the metallic components.
Reflection mapping is very cool.
Reflection nebulae are a third type of gas-dust cloud found in the interstellar medium.
Reflection nebulae are also usually sites of star formation.
Reflection nebulae are blue for the same reason our sky is blue.
Reflection nebulae are cold un-ionized gas.
Reflection nebulae are colorful objects.
Reflection nebulae are dust clouds that reflect the light of stars nearby.
Reflection nebulae are dust clouds which are illuminated by the reflected light of nearby stars.
Reflection nebulae are visible primarily due to the light they reflect.
Reflection nebulae depend heavily on the presence of dust in the cloud.
Reflection nebulae reflect light from a nearby star.
Reflection nebulae reflect light from nearby stars .
Reflection nebulae reflect light from nearby stars.
Reflection nebulae reflect the light from nearby stars.
Reflection nebulae reflect the light of a nearby star from their constituent dust grains.
Reflection nebulae shine by reflecting light from nearby stars.
Reflection nebulas are nebulas.
Most reflection nebulae are blue because the tiny particles of dust that reflect are very small.
Some reflection nebulas reflect blue light.
Some reflection nebulas reflect light.
Reflections of Earth occurs on and above the lagoon.
Reflection of light is a function of colour only.
Reflection of light produces the image.
Reflection seismology is similar to sonar and echolocation .
Reflection symmetry is demonstrated and then rotation symmetry is explained.
Reflection symmetry is local.
Reflection adds perspective and can enhance communication between individuals.
Reflection allows a hitherto unknown aspect of our consciousness to emerge.
Reflection allows individuals to examine and modify personal perspectives.
Reflection allows one to expand one's own world view and sense of self.
Reflection allows the designer to control and process the design process.
Reflection allows theory to enrich skills.
Reflection also occurs with optical signals.
Reflection also raises questions that beg for answers.
Reflection begins and introspection is celebrated with altars of acorns, apples and oat sprigs.
Reflection brings meaning to an experience.
Reflection can be partial or complete.
Reflection can be thoughtful evaluation, contemplative meditation or creative envisionment.
Reflection can create a vision, a brilliance.
Reflection can dislodge thinking to a larger picture and more alternatives.
Reflection can happen at any point and at several points within a process.
Reflection can lead to powerful and extraordinary outcomes.
Reflection can occur at higher incident energies if the angle of incidence is away from normal.
Reflection can occur from buildings or from the earth itself.
Reflection can take a variety of both public and personal forms.
Reflection can take many forms.
Reflection can take numerous forms, and touch on an endless variety of issues.
Reflection challenges everyone.
Reflection coefficients for a model.
Reflection comes after receiving input from others.
Reflection confirms that physical conditions deeply affect the soul.
Reflection continues to be an important element in the self-assessment process.
Reflection creates a time of hope.
Reflection creates wisdom.
Reflection delays the echoes that are relative to the direct sound.
Reflection depends on our ability to use the tools of good listening.
Reflection enables students to critically think about their service experience.
Reflection ensures a search for meaning, an appreciation of uncertainty, and a responsible inquiry.
Reflection following each challenge focuses on the interaction between participants.
Reflection follows experience.
Reflection gives time and space for individual and organizational learning.
Reflection has acoustic characteristics.
Reflection has characteristics.
Reflection has different acoustic characteristics.
Reflection has different characteristics.
Reflection has problem invoking setters.
Reflection has two pathways, that of combining and of separation.
Reflection helps student to plan next step.
Reflection helps students to develop metacognitive awareness.
Reflection helps teachers to learn who they are as teachers and to be aware of how they teach.
Reflection implies some analysis of the information supplied by others.
Reflection includes action and thus calls for decision making on the part of the teacher.
Reflection involves a change in direction of the light ray.
Reflection involves a change in direction of the rf ray.
Reflection involves thinking things over.
Reflection involves two rays - an incoming or incident ray and an outgoing or reflected ray.
Reflection is a critical aspect of service lea rning.
Reflection is a critical component in service-learning.
Reflection is a crucial component of the community service experience.
Reflection is a difficult skill for children to practise in writing.
Reflection is a first step towards change.
Reflection is a key element of quality service-learning.
Reflection is a key part of learning.
Reflection is a key process for successful growth as a professional educator.
Reflection is a major component of the action research process.
Reflection is a major part of what students do during and after the trip.
Reflection is a most effective learning tool.
Reflection is a powerful mechanism and potentially dangerous.
Reflection is a powerful tool.
Reflection is a process that takes time.
Reflection is a social process.
Reflection is a special case of affine transformation .
Reflection is a symmetrical phenomena, that is, the incident and reflected angles are equal.
Reflection is a vital part of the process.
Reflection is a vital part of the teaching and learning experience.
Reflection is a way of constantly keeping things fresh and looking at different angles.
Reflection is action orientated.
Reflection is additive in nature.
Reflection is again the key.
Reflection is akin to meditation.
Reflection is also a key element of effective mentoring.
Reflection is also critical to the process of developing critical thinking skills.
Reflection is also multi-faceted.
Reflection is also necessary for the process of re-evaluation of one's beliefs and strategies.
Reflection is an entirely new part of our curriculum.
Reflection is an essential activity that takes place at key points throughout the work.
Reflection is an important aspect of the creative process.
Reflection is an important element of that process.
Reflection is an important part of the portfolio as well.
Reflection is an ongoing process that leads to personal and professional growth.
Reflection is another word for study.
Reflection is as essential as experience in service learning.
Reflection is at the heart of service-learning.
Reflection is consideration
Reflection is critical at every part of a service-learning experience.
Reflection is critical in challenging or reinforcing values.
Reflection is crucial to deep understanding of mathematical concepts.
Reflection is deep and strives for integration of larger ideas of lesson.
Reflection is dissipated in the circumstances of our environment.
Reflection is done in several ways.
Reflection is emphasised throughout the course to enhance the integration of theory and practice.
Reflection is encouraged primarily through writing, discussion and collaboration.
Reflection is encouraged throughout the program, as indicated earlier.
Reflection is equally important.
Reflection is essential after the performance in order to clarify and anchor the work.
Reflection is essential for transforming experiential education into learning.
Reflection is essential to performance in the classroom.
Reflection is examined in the next section.
Reflection is far more empowering than action in the days ahead.
Reflection is free for non-commercial educational use as outlined in the conditions of use .
Reflection is helpful.
Reflection is imagery.
Reflection is integrated to enhance the learning process and promote citizenship development.
Reflection is intended for use by language tools such as debuggers and class browsers.
Reflection is itself what it negates which is simple equality with itself or immediacy.
Reflection is less important than immediacy.
Reflection is located in introverts.
Reflection is located in mirrors.
Reflection is located in sea.
Reflection is mental exercises.
Reflection is mind's normal function.
Reflection is more prominent than activity.
Reflection is more than simply repeating what the other person says.
Reflection is often the result of asking simple questions.
Reflection is one of the most powerful yet underused business skills.
Reflection is only one, albeit essential, part of the international internship program.
Reflection is philosophical if it is analytical, critical, and evaluative.
Reflection is physical phenomenons.
Reflection is physical properties.
Reflection is primarily a function of the physical character of the surface of the target material.
Reflection is quiet and steady and is always on the edge of tunefulness.
Reflection is reflection after action.
Reflection is required to define a program.
Reflection is required.
Reflection is responsible for many interesting phenomena.
Reflection is seen as a means to enhance teaching as well as deeper level learning among students.
Reflection is singles.
Reflection is something that all professionals do naturally when given the time.
Reflection is something that happens at the surface of the mirror.
Reflection is spawned from argument.
Reflection is strong.
Reflection is the bending and return of light waves, heat, sound, etc. after hitting a surface.
Reflection is the bouncing back of a wave after striking a barrier.
Reflection is the bouncing of light off a polished surface.
Reflection is the bouncing of light off a surface.
Reflection is the bouncing of light off of a reflective surface, such as a mirror.
Reflection is the conscious review and critical analysis of the service performed.
Reflection is the creative and rewarding part of learning.
Reflection is the crucial piece that ties learning and service together.
Reflection is the key to getting meaning from service experiences.
Reflection is the key to wisdom.
Reflection is the key.
Reflection is the lifeline, the motivator, the encourager.
Reflection is the most basic form of research.
Reflection is the name of the process between essence and illusory being.
Reflection is the phenomena associated with mirrors.
Reflection is the process whereby an object reradiates incident luminous energy.
Reflection is the product of one reflection, itself.
Reflection is the recall or reexamination of experience in order to understand or to comprehend it.
Reflection is the reflection constant for diffuse reflection.
Reflection is the reflection constant for the background reflection.
Reflection is the return of light and other waves after striking a surface.
Reflection is the return of light rays from a surface.
Reflection is the very process of human evolution itself.
Reflection is the way to cross the magic boundary between names and life objects.
Reflection is transformation.
Reflection is used to construct or transform the learner's representation to reality.
Reflection is used to enable meta-level objects to customize distributed interactions.
Reflection is used to set the parameter.
Reflection is vital to everyone.
Reflection is when light bounces off an object.
Reflection is when light is reemitted from the medium from which it came.
Reflection is where either tracks reflect more or less light than the surrounding soil.
Reflection is worth knowing about in certain situations.
Reflection isa consideration.
Reflection leads to celebration, the final component of service-learning.
Reflection leads to some change.
Reflection leads to the identification of and solution to problems when they arise.
Reflection Let the students express their initial reaction to the various stories they have heard.
Reflection logs due.
Reflection Make a photograph where reflection of light is a main composition or interest point.
Reflection makes good the deficiency.
Reflection makes it evident that truth is found only in a judgment.
Reflection means the act of directing ones thoughts back upon oneself.
Reflection occur between consecutive footprint.
Reflection occurs before, during, and after the service experience.
Reflection occurs in electrical signals.
Reflection occurs in the atmosphere and on the Earth's surface.
Reflection occurs when a surface throws back the heat, light, sound etc that falls on it.
Reflection occurs when a wave encounters a steep obstacle, such as a large rock or a sea wall.
Reflection occurs when light rays strike a material and bounce off it.
Reflection occurs when there is a bouncing off of a barrier.
Reflection occurs within a social setting.
Reflection only raises it to analytical precision and clarity.
Reflection organizes the experience so meaning can be derived and learning maximized and focused.
Reflection promotes professional development.
Reflection provides a structured opportunity for students to learn from their experiences.
Reflection provides restrictions on requesting hosts, which is the standard method.
Reflection provides the mechanism to detect the available methods and produce the method names.
Reflection raises several points.
Reflection refers especially to the relation between phenomena and their Essence .
Reflection requires a society which teaches one to reflect and allows the freedom to do so.
Reflection requires that teachers be thoughtful and be able to evaluate themselves.
Reflection shows more integration of reading components.
Reflection shows that the body is the mother of the soul.
Reflection simply changes the direction of the light.
Reflection suggests the process of looking back on the past in order to construct meaning.
Reflection supports the concept of self-directed learning.
Reflection takes place at the boundary of the object.
Reflection takes place in a weekly seminar.
Reflection takes time.
Reflection then provides a principled means of realising open implementation.
Reflection There are many more.
Reflection therefore provides user-based security.
Reflection thus seeks to restore the unity of our experience, and is secondary reflection.
Reflection works now.
Reflections also serves as a reminder of upcoming events.
Reflections are a good example.
Reflections are a threat to a ghost hunter who is inexperienced with night vision.
Reflections are also a significant part of class time.
Reflections are an excellent way for parents to ensure that their children have a good self-concept.
Reflections are at times more real than the object they originate from.
Reflections are critical responses to the assigned readings.
Reflections are far more empowering and uplifting than actions and reactions in the days ahead.
Reflections are highly anecdotal and come with a strong dose of opinion.
Reflections are highly subjective, usually arising from experience.
Reflections are isometries that have infinitely many fixed points.
Reflections are like electrical echos.
Reflections are mirror-like images of objects within the work area.
Reflections are multiple.
Reflections are neither right nor wrong.
Reflections are original and specific to the particular pieces.
Reflections are rays of light which strike a surface and bounce back again.
Reflections are samples of tutor's SLOT email messages.
Reflections are spot on and the suspension works realistically.
Reflections are statements made by the parent about the emotional world of the child.
Reflections are tough, as are shadows.
Reflections are very sharp, indicating excellent crystallinity.
Reflections can be annoying and dangerous, if they blind drivers.
Reflections can be both desirable and detrimental.
Reflections can occur at both ends of the cable.
Reflections can provide information on near-surface structure.
Reflections challenges students to create art that supports a specific theme.
Reflections convey both distance and spatiality information to the auditory system.
Reflections Discuss the challenges and the opportunities of working in a group.
Reflections displays transcripts of oral histories and letters.
Reflections features special music and a light message.
Reflections follow a definite pattern.
Reflections generally affect polarization.
Reflections generally show up as ghosting in the picture on some or all channels.
Reflections give students an opportunity to learn about how they learn.
Reflections go beyond description and simple discussion.
Reflections has it's own crematory on site offering strictly private cremations.
Reflections help students bring closure to ideas.
Reflections helps parents recognize the continuous self-discovery process of their children.
Reflections includes classic and contemporary materials.
Reflections is a column of brief reflections on Scripture passages.
Reflections is a contest that encourages participation in the arts.
Reflections is a mix of both.
Reflections is a new program designed to assist breast cancer patients in the recovery process.
Reflections is a special store that fits breast prostheses and bras and provides other services.
Reflections is about the pictures seen in stone.
Reflections is an arts recognition and achievement program for students.
Reflections is an arts recognition and achievement program.
Reflections is far more than just an ordinary videotape.
Reflections is published twice annually.
Reflections is ready.
Reflections is the official publication of the society.
Reflections lack detail or support for evaluative statements.
Reflections Let's face it, weddings are usually the domain of the bride.
Reflections lose their meaning as a descriptor and room modes or resonances become important.
Reflections make illusions of space, imaginary corridors between darker reflections.
Reflections occur at interfaces between different materials.
Reflections occur from the surface of the earth and from buildings and walls.
Reflections operate in a similar fashion to a mirror.
Reflections operates at the leading edge of gaming technology.
Reflections play in loving eyes.
Reflections predominate on Begho pipes.
Reflections provides a delightful setting for small weddings, receptions and family gatherings.
Reflections reverse orientation.
Reflections SEE staff and participants reflect on each of the programs.
Reflections seeks to remedy that, encouraging school children to create beauty for themselves.
Reflections splash sprays of light, quilting surfaces in abstraction.
Reflections starts with several holes set amidst tall pines.
Reflections Switch to the Full Composite view.
Reflections transform and are transformed.
Reflections vary depending on what the students choose to reflect on.
Reflection always follows the law of reflection.
Reflection usually takes place following substantial activity.
All reflections are sharp, suggesting good crystallinity and compositional heterogeneity.
All reflections have mirror lines.
Many reflections are a combination of both diffuse and specular components.
Most reflection has acoustic characteristics.
Most reflection has characteristics.
Most reflection has different acoustic characteristics.
Most reflection has different characteristics.
Some reflection exercises.
Some reflection occurs at boundaries.
Some reflection takes places.
Some reflections are visible.
Some reflections exist in the data.
Reflective abstraction is a driving force in learning.
Reflective copper mesh to animate creative space.
Reflective cord is easier to lcate at night.
Reflective cord is easier to locate at night.
Reflective devices used in conjunction with photoelectric switches also require periodic cleaning.
Reflective displays are easier to see the more light there is.
Reflective distance creates a safe space for ecstatic sharing.
Reflective essays are a more formal example of journal entries.
Reflective experience are the threads of commonality that bind the elements together.
Reflective experiences are the threads of commonality that bind the elements together.
Reflective fabric keeps interior cooler during the hottest days, and warmer during cold weather.
Reflective fabrics are great because they'll show up when people are dancing.
Reflective foil helps shield sensitive scalp.
Reflective foil is laid over the subflooring.
Reflective foil requires an airspace next to the shiny surface to act as an insulator.
Reflective gear is important at night.
Reflective glare shows up as very bright light coming from the mirror.
Reflective graphics increase night visibility.
Reflective history ensures that the interpreting is discernible in the interpretation.
Reflective institutions promote continuous learning and growth for all.
Reflective integration is the focus of a three-discipline team examining a set of linked courses.
Reflective interviews require more time as they often lead to longer discussions of an issue.
Reflective journals are due.
Reflective labels are often costly and scarce.
Reflective learners prefer to carefully think about the information.
Reflective learners prefer to think about it quietly first.
Reflective learners prefer to think about new information first before acting on it.
Reflective learners understand who they are and how they feel.
Reflective light applies here, so long as the shot calls for it.
Reflective light offers the same intensity whether it reflects off black or white.
Reflective location labels for long distance scanning.
Reflective material does.
Reflective material is available.
Reflective material works only if there is a light source.
Reflective materials are also available in a variety of colors.
Reflective materials can work like insulation by reflecting heat away.
Reflective materials work only if there is a light source.
Reflective meters read the light that is reflected from the subject.
Reflective mulches repel aphids and protect cucurbitaceous crops from virus diseases.
Reflective numbers are desirable.
Reflective numerals are a good idea as they can be seen at night with just a small amount of light.
Reflective patches enhance nighttime visibility.
Reflective people wonder whether their perception of reality matches with reality itself.
Reflective practice calls for ongoing exercise of intellect, responsibility, and professionalism.
Reflective practice characterizes the work of the high school faculty and administration.
Reflective practice demands individual contemplation and collegial dialogue.
Reflective practice has both advantages and disadvantages.
Reflective practice involves examining beliefs.
Reflective practice is an important component of professional work.
Reflective practice is defined and described.
Reflective practice is the foundation of competence for our professional education candidates.
Reflective practice is the goal for the education candidate.
Reflective practice is the mindful review of one's actions specifically, one's professional actions.
Reflective practice is used to maximize effectiveness.
Reflective practice offers graduate students the opportunity to integrate theory with practice.
Reflective practice promotes both personal and professional growth.
Reflective practitioners seek to solve problems through an ethic inquiry about practical situations.
Reflective processors make sense of an experience by reflecting on and thinking about it.
Reflective processors prefer to reflect and think about the new information.
Reflective programs are a subset of the metaprograms .
Reflective rubies wink when Mars courts shimmy-dancer cosmic stars.
Reflective shafts increase the light provided.
Reflective sheeting is offered in engineering or high intensity grade.
Reflective sights are good from medium to short ranges and are useful in any light condition.
Reflective stripes are an important safety issue for night runners, bikers and boaters.
Reflective stripes increase visibility to help ensure a safer, more productive work environment.
Reflective students learn to approach material more systematically.
Reflective surfaces confuse the camera on the optical mouse.
Reflective surfaces illuminate nearby forms, even if weakly.
Some reflective surfaces prevent heat.
Reflective systems avoid the chromatic aberrations that can result from the use of lenses.
Reflective tape can also help.
Reflective tape comes standard on most jackets.
Reflective tape gives more visibility.
Reflective tape helps too.
Reflective tape increases nighttime visibility.
Reflective tape is a high intensity grade reflective pressure sensitive sheeting.
Reflective tape is an added safety feature.
Reflective tape is helpful, as is reflective clothing.
Reflective tape is required on harnesses.
Reflective tape is usually available in hardware, bicycle and sporting- goods stores.
Reflective tape is usually available in hardware, bicycle and sporting goods stores.
Reflective tape is usually available in hardware, bicycle, and sporting goods stores.
Reflective targets are available that allow use during daylight.
Reflective tasks close each lesson to highlight parts that work well and to adjust weaker parts.
Reflective teachers are never satisfied that they have all the answers.
Reflective teaching demands that the learner be kept perplexed, just short of frustration.
Reflective teaching encourages teachers to be students of teaching.
All reflective techniques suffer from perspective ambiguity .
Reflective thinkers display insight.
Reflective thought begins when the period of spontaneity closes.
Reflective thought takes time and is often built on others' ideas and comments.
Reflective trim can be harder to see when it is dirty.
Reflective trim is useful at night.
Reflective trim is visible only at night.
Reflective trim provides visibility in all conditions.
Reflective vests are mandatory at night.
Reflective waves use less energy than non-reflective waves.
Reflective windows can be deadly.
Reflective writing encourages analysis.
Reflective writing is critical to thinking deeply and finding real meaning in field experiences.
A reflectiveness is a trait
Reflectiveness combined with years of experience are key.
Reflectivity also refers to the degree by which precipitation is able to reflect a radar beam.
Reflectivity Defines how much the material reflects.
Reflectivity ensures safety in low light.
Reflectivity helps teachers learn from their past teaching experience.
Reflectivity helps teachers plan their lessons more quickly.
Reflectivity helps teachers remain current in their field.
Reflectivity is a critical factor and varies by types of substrates and reflective layers.
Reflectivity is a language's ability to deal with itself.
Reflectivity is a measure of the returned radar power.
Reflectivity is a physical property
Reflectivity is a ratio of the returned energy to the emitted energy.
Reflectivity is a rough measure of the hardness or roughness of the sea bed.
Reflectivity is a specifiable item in paint selection.
Reflectivity is another name for brightness.
Reflectivity is contoured as marked and differential reflectivity is color shaded.
Reflectivity is described in terms of albedo, which is the percentage of light that's reflected.
Reflectivity is described in terms of albedo.
Reflectivity is the amount of transmitted power returned to the radar receiver.
Reflectivity is visible features.
Reflectivity isa definite quantity.
Reflectivity shows a doughnut hole-signifying a bounded weak echo region.
Reflectivity varies with wavelength.
Reflector telescopes are cheaper to make than refractors of the same size.
Reflector telescopes are great for deep-sky objects.
Reflector telescopes have lenses.
Reflector telescopes use a concave mirror at the bottom of a tube to focus the light.
Most reflector telescopes have lenses.
Some reflector telescopes have ability.
Some reflector telescopes have superior ability.
A reflector is a device
Reflector alerts drivers to the presence of the user.
Reflector can be damage by sharp instrument, so be cautious of children or animals playing nearby.
Reflector is a dura white powder coated reflecting surface.
Reflector is a specially engineered aluminum reflector that provides precise beam control.
Reflector is any substance from which light can be reflected.
Reflector is integral with lamp.
Reflector is used as a target, the size and shape of which can be freely chosen.
Reflector isa device.
Reflector provides a class index syllable running as a background thread.
Reflector scopes, on the other hand, use a concave mirror rather than an objective lens.
Reflector works incrementally and allows large files to be loaded.
Reflectors also exhibit a defect called coma.
Reflectors are a sort of conference server.
Reflectors are auto parts.
Reflectors are automotive products.
Reflectors are available as vests, straps, tape and plastic pieces that mount to bicycles.
Reflectors are available in the area adjacent to the theater lobby.
Reflectors are available to help maximize light output while using minimal energy consumption.
Reflectors are devices.
Reflectors are generally more unwieldy.
Reflectors are good for observing more diffuse light sources such as galaxies and starclouds.
Reflectors are great for adding a little light back into the dark areas.
Reflectors are inexpensive and are mountable almost anywhere on a bike.
Reflectors are less costly, which allows larger mirrors with more light gathering.
Reflectors are much easier to make and can be made very, very large.
Reflectors are much easier.
Reflectors are on the sides, front, and rear for night time driving.
Reflectors are placed around aquarium lights to guide and direct their light downward.
Reflectors are the cheaper way to go.
Reflectors are the least expensive type of telescope per aperture size.
Reflectors are the most economical for a given aperture size.
Reflectors are to be made by attaching aluminum foil or reflective mylar film to cardboard.
Reflectors are usually less expensive for the amount of aperture.
Reflectors are usually shorter, fatter and open at the top.
Reflectors are very sensitive to mounting location and orientation.
Reflectors bounce the image off of a large primary mirror in the back.
Reflectors can also increase the amount of radiation striking the collector face.
Reflectors can contain address for both local and remote users.
Reflectors can rescue some of the light lost in fixtures.
Reflectors come in a wide variety of optical configurations.
Reflectors come in various sizes and colors - silver, gold, black or white.
Reflectors cost less per inch of aperture - the diameter of the primary mirror or lens.
Reflectors gather light with a focusing mirror instead of a lens.
Reflectors have (part) sections.
Reflectors have more light gathering power than refractors of the same aperture.
Reflectors have sites.
Reflectors have, in place of large, expensive, heavy lenses, mirrors to form the image.
Reflectors help control the temperature by concentrating the sun's rays onto the cooking area.
Reflectors make a big difference when a subject is in a shady or dark spot.
Reflectors placed behind the evacuated tubes can help to focus additional sunlight on the collector.
Reflectors tend to be bulky, and require more maintenance than other telescopes.
Reflectors use a curved mirror located at the bottom end of the telescope.
Reflectors use a pair of mirrors to collect and focus the light.
Reflectors utilize a parabolic mirror that reflects the image to a focal point.
Reflectors work great at the back of the bicycle.
All reflectors are clean and intact.
Every reflector is a different size, to maximize the sound dispersion.
Most reflectors have sites.
Some reflectors are easy and fun to build.
Some reflectors have fronts.
Some reflectors have their primary mirror secured in the cell with glue.
A reflex action is a response
Reflex actions are a special case .
Reflex actions are a special case.
Reflex actions are more deep-seated and arose genetically first.
Reflex activity begins with the development of the brain and nervous system.
Reflex activity is lost for a variable period, and there is urinary and fecal retention.
Reflex agents execute actions based entirely on their internal production rules.
A reflex arc is a neural structure
Reflex arcs are simple neural pathways, linking a receptor and an effector.
All reflex arcs have five components.
Reflex behavior is important in the behavioral response of lower animals.
Reflex capability increases top speed slightly.
Reflex changes increase problems with mobility and safety .
Reflex control is described as a valuable component of robust, autonomous systems.
Reflex epilepsy is epilepsy
Reflex epilepsy is relatively uncommon.
Reflex finder is on the bed.
Reflex incontinence is the loss of bladder control due to impaired nerve function.
Reflex incontinence occurs in persons with spinal cord damage.
Reflex lens is an alternative term for mirror lens .
Reflex massage starts the calmative action that brings relief to tense nerves and knotted muscles.
Reflex movements improve.
Reflex points are massaged clearing the bodys energy channels.
Reflex reactions tend to wane among the elderly.
Reflex reserve requires different packing techniques.
A reflex response is a response
Some reflex responses go to completion independently of the consequences of behavior.
Reflex sensitivity varies among individuals.
Reflex technology enables shock to be valved for greater control. . .
Reflex technology enables shock to be valved for greater control.
Reflex testing is an important diagnostic toolfor assessing the condition of the nervous system.
A reflex is a response
Reflex isa reaction.
Reflex isa response.
Reflexes are a form of instinct.
Reflexes are a type of instinct.
Reflexes are actions that serve to protect and stabilize the human body.
Reflexes are all normal and equal.
Reflexes are automatic, unconscious responses to a certain stimuli.
Reflexes are bodily functions that require no input from the brain.
Reflexes are brisk, including a jaw jerk.
Reflexes are down, but sensation is pretty much intact.
Reflexes are easy to test and quantify.
Reflexes are essentially an involuntary motor response to a sensory stimulus.
Reflexes are essentially normal.
Reflexes are fast, unconscious muscular reactions that occur due to unexpected physical stimuli.
Reflexes are hypoactive.
Reflexes are normal and symmetric.
Reflexes are normal.
Reflexes are of two types, unconditioned and conditioned.
Reflexes are often abnormal.
Reflexes are out of sync.
Reflexes are pre-programmed stereotypical responses to specific sensory stimulation.
Reflexes are preserved until very late in myopathy.
Reflexes are quicker.
Reflexes are reactions of relatively simple nervous mechanisms.
Reflexes are simple, stereotyped motor responses to a stimulus.
Reflexes are slower than usual and motor skills are impaired.
Reflexes are specific and predictable and are usually purposeful and adaptive.
Reflexes are specific, predictable, involuntary responses to a particular type of stimulation.
Reflexes are symmetric and normal.
Reflexes are the newborn's most obvious organized patterns of behavior.
Reflexes are usually absent or greatly reduced.
Reflexes are usually absent.
Reflexes are usually normal.
Reflexes are very important to a dog's everyday life.
Reflexes automatically take over forcing air back into the lungs.
Reflexes can be many things.
Reflexes have a normal return phase.
Reflexes have responses.
Reflexes involve no decision-making.
Reflexes reflect the muscles and roots levels from which they are derived.
Reflexes represent the simplest forms of behavior .
Reflexes seem generally poor.
Reflexes seize control.
Reflexes tend to be slow.
Reflexes travel along the line of least resistance.
Reflexs are actions.
Reflexs are reaction.
Most reflexes have responses.
Most reflexes seem useful.
Some reflexes have a combination of nervous and endocrine response.
Some reflexes involve both systems.
A reflexion is a remark
Reflexion is an infinite series of consecutive negations starting from the quality studied.
Reflexions sur la violence.
Reflexions sur le syndrome malin des neuroleptiques.
Reflexions sur les moyens de lutte contre les acariens pyroglyphides des poussieres domestiques.
Reflexions sur les procedures de transfert de la marmotte alpine.
Reflexions sur les rapports entre l'ecologie et la paleoecologie marines.
Reflexiones is a very good resource for biographical information, list of prizes and conferences.
Reflexive case is used for the second appearance of someone in a sentence .
A reflexive pronoun is a personal pronoun
Reflexive pronouns are pronouns that are used with reflexive verbs.
Reflexive pronouns refer to the subject of the sentence or clause in which they appear.
Reflexive response is a necessity in a complex, dynamic environment.
A reflexive verb is a verb
Reflexive verbs are verbs where the action is done to oneself, common in most European languages.
Reflexive verbs require a pronoun in front when they are conjugated as single-word verbs.
A reflexive is a personal pronoun
Reflexives are over-rated in importance by most language schools.
Reflexives generally refer to the subject of the clause in which they stand .
Reflexives refer to the subject.
A reflexivity is a relation
Reflexivity is a formal property of some genetic sequences.
Reflexivity is something directed toward oneself.
Reflexivity is the ethnographer of the text.
Reflexivity is the turning back of an action onto the actor.
Reflexivity is vital.
Reflexivity is, therefore, a kind of additional stage in the scientific epistemology.
Reflexivity means that self-awareness is part of the environment.
Reflexivity requires the student to be actively monitoring their cognitive process.
A reflexology is a psychology
Reflexologies are massages.
Reflexologies are medical treatments.
Reflexology adds the perfect finishing touch.
Reflexology affects more than just the feet.
Reflexology aids the improvement of circulation and releases stress with in the body.
Reflexology aims to improve nerves and blood supply in a natural way.
Reflexology also reduces stress by bringing the body into a deep state of relaxation.
Reflexology can act as a type of preventative maintenance.
Reflexology can benefit, and be enjoyed by, everyone.
Reflexology can negate the effects of stress while it helps the body relax.
Reflexology can restore and maintain the body's natural balance and encourage healing.
Reflexology dates back to ancient times.
Reflexology elicits painful or tender areas with actual or potential disorder.
Reflexology encourages a positive outlook and opens pathways to increased energy and renewal.
Reflexology focuses on the pressure points on the feet.
Reflexology focuses the massage on the feet and hands.
Reflexology has ancient foundations and has evolved into the modern world.
Reflexology helps break up congestion, which can develop, dissolving blocked energy.
Reflexology helps the body to normalize by improving the blood and nerve supply to all the organs.
Reflexology helps the circulation in general.
Reflexology helps with relaxation and feelings of well being.
Reflexology improves circulation.
Reflexology improves nerve and blood supply to help bring about homeostasis.
Reflexology improves nerve and blood supply, and helps nature to normalize.
Reflexology induces a deeper relaxation, reduces stress, aids sleep and increases energy levels.
Reflexology is a big stress and tension reliever.
Reflexology is a complement to standard medical care.
Reflexology is a complement to traditional medical treatments.
Reflexology is a completely safe, natural aid to restoring the body s healthy balance.
Reflexology is a deep compression massage done with the thumbs on feet and hands.
Reflexology is a deep compression massage of pressure points on the feet.
Reflexology is a distinct native healing tradition.
Reflexology is a focused pressure technique, usually directed at the feet or hands.
Reflexology is a gentle compression technique used on the hands and feet.
Reflexology is a gently non-intrusive touch therapy applied to the feet.
Reflexology is a great way to promote health and well- being.
Reflexology is a growing modality in the field of natural health.
Reflexology is a Homeopathic way of helping the body to heal itself.
Reflexology is a master body of knowledge onto itself.
Reflexology is a method for activating the healing powers of the body.
Reflexology is a method of gaining access to the body s energy system.
Reflexology is a natural healing art.
Reflexology is a natural,relaxing holistic therapy beneficial for everyone.
Reflexology is a non-nude service.
Reflexology is a novel form of acupressure employing foot or hand massage.
Reflexology is a relaxing, non-invasive healing art that has been around for centuries.
Reflexology is a safe treatment promoting homeostasis.
Reflexology is a safe, easy and beneficial method of treatment.
Reflexology is a safe, natural aid to restoring the body's own healing potential.
Reflexology is a serious advance in the health field.
Reflexology is a simple, natural and harmless way to health.
Reflexology is a skilled treatment of massage and pressure points on the feet.
Reflexology is a specific pressure technique which works on precise reflex points On the feet.
Reflexology is a technique of applying controlled pressure to specific spots to relax muscles.
Reflexology is a technique that people can learn and self-administer.
Reflexology is a therapeutic form of foot massage whose benefits affect the entire body.
Reflexology is a unique modality in the health field.
Reflexology is a unique practice, separate from massage.
Reflexology is a very old treatment modality.
Reflexology is a very relaxing, balancing and sedating treatment.
Reflexology is a wonderful healing art.
Reflexology is a wonderful therapy to relieve stress and it's harmful effects.
Reflexology is an age-old health practice.
Reflexology is an alternative therapy based on massage of the feet.
Reflexology is an American refinement of Oriental wisdom.
Reflexology is an ancient holistic therapy that helps to relieve stress, tension and aching feet.
Reflexology is an ancient method of activating the healing powers of the body.
Reflexology is an Eastern massage therapy that manipulates hands and feet.
Reflexology is an easy way to target some pregnancy troubles.
Reflexology is an elective for the program.
Reflexology is an excellent too to use when our physical selves feels ill or out of sorts.
Reflexology is an ideal mix of both old and new skills to activate the healing powers of the body.
Reflexology is an ideal way of treating children.
Reflexology is an Oriental massage therapy that manipulates hands and feet.
Reflexology is based on the premise that all nerve endings run to the feet.
Reflexology is based on theories that nerve pathways exist throughout the body.
Reflexology is based on zone theory .
Reflexology is basically a massage performed on the feet - which can relax the entire physical body.
Reflexology is believed to stimulate and revitalise the energy flow.
Reflexology is claimed to be particularly effective in the reduction of stress and tension.
Reflexology is easy to learn, and easy to do.
Reflexology is focused pressure technique, usually directed at the feet or hands.
Reflexology is good for the young and elderly.
Reflexology is great for the elderly and also for children.
Reflexology is included among services.
Reflexology is known as an archetypal form of therapy.
Reflexology is like exercise.
Reflexology is mentioned as one of the ten therapies being studied.
Reflexology is more precise.
Reflexology is more than a foot massage.
Reflexology is one of the fastest growing holistic therapies now gaining worldwide acceptance.
Reflexology is one of the massage techniques a person can learn to self-administer.
Reflexology is one of the most accessible forms of alternative therapy.
Reflexology is one of the most popular forms of complimentary therapies.
Reflexology is possibly another candidate for being 'notsoalternativeanymore'.
Reflexology is powerful preventative health care.
Reflexology is practiced in many Amish families.
Reflexology is primarily a relaxation technique.
Reflexology is recommended for chronic conditions such as asthma, headaches and migraines.
Reflexology is relaxing and reduces stress.
Reflexology is scheduled by appointment only.
Reflexology is simple, safe, effective and pleasurable.
Reflexology is the application of specific pressures to reflex points in the hands and feet.
Reflexology is the manual stimulation of the hands and feet.
Reflexology is the massaging of feet to diagnose and cure disease.
Reflexology is the massaging of specific points on the foot that correspond to organs of the body.
Reflexology is the next step up from regular foot massage.
Reflexology is the skilled massage of very specific zones in the feet.
Reflexology is the study of the reflexes of the feet corresponding to every part of the body.
Reflexology is the use of pressure on the feet and hands by a trained individual.
Reflexology is used around the world in early Indian, Chinese and Egyptian cultures.
Reflexology is used around the world, in early Indian, Chinese and Egyptian cultures.
Reflexology is used primarily for relaxing tension.
Reflexology is very good for asthma.
Reflexology is well-known for reducing levels of mental and physical stress.
Reflexology promotes relaxation and healing.
Reflexology promotes relaxation and improves circulation.
Reflexology reduces stress and tension, and is considered an effective relaxation technique.
Reflexology reduces stress in all parts of the body by generating deep, calm relaxation.
Reflexology releases tension, stress, blockages and poisons from the body.
Reflexology relieves many conditions and is especially effective for stress and tension.
Reflexology relieves stress and releases energy flow through the body.
Reflexology relieves stress and releases energy flow throughout the body.
Reflexology relieves stress and stimulates circulation.
Reflexology relieves stress and tension.
Reflexology serves as a unique tool to maintain or establish a link between adult and child.
Reflexology stimulates the blood circulation which helps to unblock nerve impulses.
Reflexology therapeutically reduces stress and tension throughout the whole body.
Reflexology truly does work.
Reflexology uses foot massage at specific points to stimulate healing in other parts of the body.
Reflexology utilizes the map on the soles of the feet.
Reflexology works on points below the skin by gentle compression.
Reflexology works the nerve endings in the hands, feet, and ears.
Reflexology works to clear the body of accumulated toxins.
Reflexology works to relax the entire body and restore it's functions to normal.
Reflexology works with the nervous system.
Reflexology works without a diagnosis if administered correctly.
Reflexology often helps restoring the balance.
Reflexology sometimes causes the pain to be worse later in the day or evening.
Reflowed surface is very shiny and reflective.
Reflux can be anything from a nuisance to a nightmare.
Reflux can be problematic in imaging.
Reflux can be very obvious or pretty subtle.
Reflux can mimic allergies, chemical exposure, and residual effects of upper respiratory infections.
Reflux can set off bradycardia.
Reflux commonly occurs.
Reflux is pathology
Reflux is pathology.
Reflux occurs due to a short muscle wall backing the ureter as it enters the bladder.
Reflux occurs most commonly on the left side and the associated renal unit is dysplastic.
Reflux occurs when stomach acid backs up into the esophagus.
Reflux occurs when stomach contents come up into the esophagus.
Reflux occurs when the ureter enters the bladder abnormally.
Refolded molecules induce the same change in still more proteins.
Reforestation aims at restoring the diverse forest geography.
Reforestation allows increased growth without effecting grain, strength, color, etc.
Reforestation brings land back into production.
Reforestation can create as many jobs as deforestation did in decades past.
Reforestation improves the mechanical behavior of soils, thus restoring the stability.
Reforestation is an important function in the conservation of New Jersey's forests.
Reforestation is an ongoing commitment.
Reforestation is an ongoing process throughout the country.
Reforestation is difficult, with wood so scarce and valuable.
Reforestation is essential to maintaining the wealth of the forest.
Reforestation is good for the environment, good for economy and good for the industry.
Reforestation is just one part of managing forests for today and tomorrow.
Reforestation is minimal, and a secondary forest growth has replaced the virgin rain forest.
Reforestation is neglected and ineffective, leaving hillsides vulnerable to erosion.
Reforestation is one possibility.
Reforestation is reclamation.
Reforestation is rehabilitation
Reforestation is required.
Reforestation is the answer.
Reforestation is the building block by which tomorrow s forests are constructed.
Reforestation is widely recognized option for mitigating the effect of greenhouse gases emission.
Reforestation Learn how to choose and plant native trees along key tributaries.
Reforestation requires production of seedlings in specialized nurseries.
Most reforestation is in pines.
Most Reform congregations appear to be moving back to tradition.
Reform groups call poverty a human rights violation.
Reform groups deny the accusation, which they paint as political posturing.
Reform groups have their qualms about the new board.
Reform movement is movement
Reform movement is movement.
Reform movement is present, but somewhere on the roadsides.
Reform movements are like that.
Reform movements come and go with the personalities and personal fortunes of the reformers.
Reform movements fail because no one can come up with an idea that works better than the old one.
Every reform movement has a lunatic fringe.
Reform agendas, if they are ambitious, are never the easiest course.
Reform aims at replacing a centralized monopoly with decentralized competitive practices.
Reform also acts as a clearinghouse for the work of other law reformers.
Reform also has implications for medical education.
Reform also rejects the faith tenets of other religions as a matter of first principles.
Reform also requires a different mindset in politics.
Reform also stresses equality between the sexes.
Reform based on the integration strategy has the potential to strengthen minority education.
Reform begins with little people.
Reform begins, then, with a reflection upon our republican principles.
Reform believes in reducing the size of government, cutting taxes and cutting the federal budget.
Reform can also automate printing, faxing and e-mails delivery.
Reform can also automate printing.
Reform can be painful.
Reform can get pretty arbitrary country by country.
Reform can level the playing field.
Reform can mean many things.
Reform can only succeed if it is broad and comprehensive, attacking many problems simultaneously.
Reform can operate as anesthesia or adrenaline, depending on who controls the terms of the debate.
Reform can sensibly begin by addressing the glaring contradictions of the current policy.
Reform can support any application that supports form printing.
Reform can t wait.
Reform catalyzed by engagement is most extensive, however, in the transformation of the workplace.
Reform comes and goes.
Reform confuses teachers and creates variations in quality.
Reform encompasses real change, and improves the plight of the majority.
Reform explicitly rejects any attempt to get culture exempted from the treaty.
Reform Find out what's happening in community organizing for school reform.
Reform happens at the polls.
Reform happens only when all constituencies realize the importance of student outcomes.
Reform happens when people are willing to do the tough thing, even the radical thing.
Reform has advantages for the military as well.
Reform has been too long in coming, says the governor, and something is better than nothing.
Reform has impact.
Reform has no gratitude, no prudence, no husbandry.
Reform has overwhelming public support, and government has financial control.
Reform has some of the outward trappings of a third-party movement.
Reform has the better buzz, Nazis have the cool outfits.
Reform has to do with changing the system.
Reform here is long overdue.
Reform implies a change, but it doesn t say in what direction.
Reform implies constant activity and re-evaluation and reforming.
Reform inevitably involves the adjustment of relations of every part concerned.
Reform is a genuine, growing social movement.
Reform is a journal of national and international law reform.
Reform is a long process which is far from concluded.
Reform is a long-term path.
Reform is a process that requires deliberation and explanation.
Reform is a way of life in education.
Reform is about giving people choice.
Reform is accompanied by pain, and also takes a long time to bear fruit.
Reform is accompanied by sacrifice.
Reform is accomplished if the government achieves what people demand.
Reform is achieved in two interrelated ways from within and without.
Reform is almost capitalist, while traditional parties are welfare statist.
Reform is always a beautiful word on the lips of the reformer.
Reform is always a gradual process.
Reform is always painful.
Reform is always the creation of new usages.
Reform is an important part of it.
Reform is an ongoing process.
Reform is basically about strategies, abolition is the ultimate goal. . . .
Reform is beingdebated to raise wholesale prices.
Reform is campaigns.
Reform is cultivated in colleges as well as schools.
Reform is Dead.
Reform is designed to bring about change.
Reform is emphatically federalist, while the traditional parties are centralist.
Reform is essential to reverse the current decline.
Reform is essential, in order to curb child abuse and protect innocent families.
Reform is expensive.
Reform is futile.
Reform is hampered by stigma.
Reform is hard but failing to reform is even harder.
Reform is hard, but European taxpayers are digging deep in their pockets to help smooth the way.
Reform is improvement
Reform is improvement.
Reform is in everyone's interest.
Reform is in the air.
Reform is in the shared interest of all, East and West alike.
Reform is in the works, albeit slowly.
Reform is inevitable.
Reform is largely home-grown.
Reform is like clear-cutting.
Reform is likely to be a slow process, however.
Reform is linked here .
Reform is long over due.
Reform is long overdue to simplify the delivery of financial service regulation.
Reform is long overdue.
Reform is most advanced in Latin America and the Caribbean.
Reform is much more than dollars and cents.
Reform is necessary in order to put taxpayers and businesses on equal footing.
Reform is necessary to ensure that the health care system continues to function at an optimal level.
Reform is necesssary.
Reform is needed as soon as possible.
Reform is needed for several reasons.
Reform is needed in both arenas.
Reform is needed now.
Reform is needed to attract our brightest lights to public service.
Reform is needed to help place more children in a safe, permanent home.
Reform is needed to improve our education system.
Reform is needed to set education first before athletics.
Reform is needed.
Reform is no easy task, and the price of making a mistake can be enormous.
Reform is no less a synonym for change than words such as progress or growth.
Reform is no longer a Jewish faith.
Reform is now a considerable village with brick stores and a railroad.
Reform is now the official opposition to the government.
Reform is on side.
Reform is on the agenda, and some progress is being made.
Reform is our survival and our future.
Reform is overdue.
Reform is part of the educational process in the State of Alabama.
Reform is pointless because the state was effect of unjust social system.
Reform is populist, federalist and almost capitalist.
Reform is possible Turkey has many of the institutions necessary to safeguard human rights.
Reform is pretty broad though.
Reform is promoted as a tool to remedy identifiable problems in school- ing.
Reform is school and district based rather than a result of state policy.
Reform is self improvement.
Reform is something that is a process that goes on like reconciliation.
Reform is such a sensitive topic, it is so easy to have misunderstanding.
Reform is sure to be a national issue.
Reform is the burning issue under discussion.
Reform is the catalyst to quality - the key to helping make Michigan schools the best in the world.
Reform is the goal .
Reform is the key.
Reform is the most liberal of the major movements within Judaism today.
Reform is the natural result of revival in the church.
Reform is the only entry ticket.
Reform is the only hope.
Reform is the only party opposed to the treaty.
Reform is the same thing.
Reform is the word that describes the change in persons life.
Reform is therefore necessary for ensuring sound financial foundations.
Reform is therefore the prerequisite for a sustainable health system over time.
Reform is truly a misnomer.
Reform is under way in Germany too.
Reform is very much stalled.
Reform is vital.
Reform is well overdue.
Reform isa improvement.
Reform leads to proposals.
Reform means different things to different constituencies.
Reform means difficult professional and perhaps personal change.
Reform means real change, structural changes.
Reform means taking a measure of political power out of the hands of the wealthy corporate elite.
Reform means to change.
Reform needs The present Language Act is, for some parts, difficult to understand.
Reform never begins at the top or with the large institution.
Reform never ends.
Reform obviously is needed.
Reform ought to make things better.
Reform pits one region against another.
Reform Provides support and guidance to all who seek fundamental change in American schools.
Reform rabbis back same-sex unions .
Reform rabbis can do anything they want ritually.
Reform rabbis often simply have a naming ceremony.
Reform rabbis, however, vote to affirm same-sex unions.
Reform remains a myth.
Reform requires that teachers learn new roles and ways of teaching.
Reform reveals the size of the deficit in the old system.
Reform revolves around calls for grade retention and teaching phonics.
Reform seeks to improve the system as it stands , never to overthrow it .
Reform seeks to improve the system as it stands, never to overthrow it.
Reform speeds up the development of productive forces.
Reform starts by liberating the educators.
Reform starts from the top down.
Reform still has a long way to go.
Reform still is needed in a system that accords blacks fewer rights than it accords whites.
Reform supports that stance.
Reform takes many shapes, tailored to the needs of each community.
Reform takes time.
Reform tends to center on individuals, where Reconstructionism tends to center on the community.
Reform threatens their financial as well as their religious interests.
Reform upholds the ideal of some sort of personal autonomy based on informed choice.
Reform votes yes on same-sex unions.
Reforms also focus on reducing the time children spend in the child welfare system.
Reforms appear safe The convening of Mexico's congress last week was a historic event.
Reforms are a controversial business.
Reforms are a key slogan for the party.
Reforms are a sine qua non for increased efficiency.
Reforms are also in progress in other important areas of social welfare.
Reforms are another area of critical importance.
Reforms are enacted to the constitution.
Reforms are from without - conversion from within.
Reforms are in order.
Reforms are in progress, though the economy remains in a difficult state of transition.
Reforms are likely to continue to play a role in shaping the country's policies.
Reforms are much needed.
Reforms are now in an implementation phase, at all educational levels, although at different paces.
Reforms are political .
Reforms are possible.
Reforms are slow, however.
Reforms are unavoidable given the testimony heard today.
Reforms are under way on a broad front.
Reforms are under way to move to a bicameral parliament in Uzbekistan too.
Reforms associated with liberalisation typically imply a difficult transition period.
Reforms can go only so far.
Reforms can improve the masses' living conditions, temporarily and in a small way.
Reforms can reduce litigation expenses, lighten regulatory pressures, and improve company morale.
Reforms come from the bottom.
Reforms detrimental periodontal exudation.
Reforms have to happen swiftly.
Reforms imposed by force upon the external world have a very short life because they have no roots.
Reforms is a pretty odd web site, that falls under the category of interesting eye candy.
Reforms leading to privatization are under way to reduce the government enterprises.
Reforms lefts which peel quickly down a shallow reef.
Reforms naturally imply belief in the usefulness, or indispensability, of the thing to be reformed.
Reforms occur when a deeper trench connects two shallower sandbars or reefs.
Reforms presuppose further training of teachers.
Reforms proceed simultaneously in a number of areas, and hence tend to overlap one another.
Reforms require adequate resources, implementation time, time to adjust and refine processes.
Reforms slip away.
Reforms stall and opportunity is lost.
Reforms still reach only a small percentage of public-school students.
Reforms always adopt the appearance of a cultural revolution.
Reform often upsets old habits and mindsets.
Reforms usually change some procedure or rule that affects how the school operates.
All reform is evolutionary.
Any reform is a controversial process.
Every reform granted by capitalism is a concealed measure of reaction.
Every reform has unintended consequences.
Every reform provokes reaction.
Many reforms are already firmly established within the fiscal management framework.
Many reforms can, and indeed used to be, pushed through by presidential decree.
Many reforms proposed in either system simply shift costs from one side to the other.
Many reforms receive heavy criticism.
More reform is necessary for the country to advance to the next level.
More reforms are under discussion to attack the deficit on public sector pensions.
Most reform has impact.
Most reform leads to proposals.
Most reforms are knee-jerk reactions to exaggerated cultural trends.
Most reforms call for blending vocational education with challenging academics.
Most reforms favor a one-payer national health insurance.
Most reforms require some resources in order to be developed and expanded.
Most reforms share a basic premise.
Some reform is possible.
Some reform reduces poverty.
Some reforms are the responsibilities of the borrowing countries.
Some reforms can prove they work, according to the guide.
Reform.the buck stops here.
A reformation is improvement
Reformation begins with reconsecration.
Reformation changes society.
Reformation fails to take root.
Reformation implies a change of character and moral dispositions.
Reformation is a never-ending task for two reasons.
Reformation is also available in the case of mutual mistake.
Reformation is brought to Latvia by German preachers.
Reformation is entirely different.
Reformation is one thing, demolition another, and restoration still another.
Reformation is only halfway between corruption and restoration.
Reformation is the recovery of biblical truth that leads to the purifying of one's theology.
Reformation signifies a reorganization, a change in ideas and theories, habits and practices.
Reformation starts in the heart of the individual.
Reformations are improvement.
Reformations are religious movement.
Reformation always needs further reform, it only brings more misery, more destruction.
Every reformation requires such a proclamation.
A reformer is apparatus
Reformers also accuse trial lawyers of taking vantage of juries.
Reformers also are troubled about the generally poor performance of minority students.
Reformers also can see their best efforts undermined by politics.
Reformers also claim the current system has deeper flaws.
Reformers also note a growing interest in marriage education.
Reformers are apparatus.
Reformers are clamoring for adoption of methods used in specialized boutique schools.
Reformers are disputants.
Reformers are happy to have any good example to illustrate the evils of the system.
Reformers are on the defensive, while conservatives are on the rise.
Reformers are on the march.
Reformers are part of oil refineries.
Reformers are right to emphasize a combination of privatization, competition, and regulation.
Reformers are still very expensive.
Reformers are the ones who are the least enthusiastic.
Reformers are unanimous in wanting lower taxes, smaller government and freer markets.
Reformers be of good cheer.
Reformers believe it is good government in action.
Reformers believe just as fervently that it is the old hard line which risks collapse.
Reformers believe they are prompted by pent-up frustration at years of repression.
Reformers can enhance their clout in the face of setbacks, if their commitment is strong.
Reformers claim to decry the national debt.
Reformers come and reformers go.
Reformers come to a bad end.
Reformers criticize the government for regressive legislation and inordinately long sentences.
Reformers face an uphill battle.
Reformers gain a majority of seats in first round polls.
Reformers gain a majority of seats in the first round polls.
Reformers hail the changes as major steps toward self-sufficiency for the poor.
Reformers indeed seem more focused elsewhere, like on their internal rivalries.
Reformers know everyone can make a difference.
Reformers note, correctly, that the amounts have risen dizzyingly in recent years.
Reformers openly challenge the political system in Atlantic Canada.
Reformers point to a slew of problems overdue for correction.
Reformers processing natural gas, for example, tend to produce carbon dioxide.
Reformers recognize that to do so requires changes in every part of the educational system.
Reformers reinforce majority in parliament .
Reformers represent the people in their neighborhoods.
Reformers say the program has gone too far and accomplished little.
Reformers say the threat of a takeover has even forced other districts to shape up on their own.
Reformers say they want to make the system less friendly to incumbents.
Reformers tend to underestimate public understanding of the issue and enthusiasm for reform.
Reformers try to put the country in order but to no avail.
Reformers typically advocate either a ban on soft-money or full public funding of campaigns.
Reformers use a platinum-based catalyst to promote the desired reaction.
Reformers always take themselves too seriously.
Reformers sometimes decry today's political advertising as repetitious and reductive.
Many reformers agree.
Many reformers believe that integration requires monumental restructuring of high schools.
Most reformers agree that change takes time.
Most reformers believe that it is best to teach kids honestly about substances and their dangers.
Most reformers have wider social agendas.
Some reformers believe that hope for the reservation communities future lies with tribal colleges.
Some reformers prefer to retain taxes in order to take from the rich and give to the poor.
Some reformers say Florida and Texas come closest.
Some reformers say the answer is money.
Some reformers urge public funding of elections.
A reformism is a doctrine
Reformism is planned by capital.
Reformism now gets in the way.
Reformist illusions undermine the development of such struggles . .
Reformist lawmakers say restoring a free press in Iran is a top legislative priority.
A reformist is a person
Reformists are under siege from all directions.
Reformists intend to use their newly-found legislative muscle to change how government works.
Reformists say that in all the cases, the changes worked against their candidates.
Many reformists welcome better ties with the United States.
Some reformists accept a child born of Zoroastrian mother and non-Zoroastrian father.
Some reformists say they want to liberalize election procedures so that they are less restrictive.
Reformulated fuels appear to have the biggest impact.
Reformulated fuels can achieve the same benefits without contaminating water supplies.
Reformulated gasolines are high in octane and low in pollution-causing contaminants.
Refract telescopes use lenses.
Refracted light can be deceptive.
Refraction indices are fairly abstract.
Refraction of light is important in the construction and physics of lenses.
Refraction of light makes a fish appear lower in the water than it really is.
Refraction of sound can occur in.
Refraction also causes illusions.
Refraction also causes some areas to be more prone to bigger waves than others.
Refraction appears to bend the float where it is visible beneath the water.
Refraction causes beams.
Refraction causes some light waves to bend and pass through the side walls.
Refraction changes the direction of the ray.
Refraction depends on layers to increase in velocity with depth.
Refraction depends on thickness.
Refraction does occur and the ray is bent toward normal.
Refraction does occur but the effect of the bent light actually cancels itself out.
Refraction involves light.
Refraction is a change in direction of a wave because of a change in propagation speed.
Refraction is a change in wave direction when waves pass from one medium into another.
Refraction is a function of the observed pressure and temperature.
Refraction is a link to a web page discussing refraction.
Refraction is a physical phenomenon
Refraction is a standard concept from the production system literature.
Refraction is also the operative process controlling profiled rear projection surfaces.
Refraction is an image source from knife edged plateaus on the specimen.
Refraction is caused by sound entering the new medium at an angle.
Refraction is caused by the change in speed experienced by a wave when it changes medium.
Refraction is caused by the difference in the speed of the radiation in the two media.
Refraction is caused by two effects.
Refraction is considered the main factor in transmission. .
Refraction is demonstrated using a water tank.
Refraction is dependent on the speed at which light travels.
Refraction is due to the scattering of the light by the atoms that make up the material.
Refraction is evident if the pan, object, and light source are kept stationary.
Refraction is nothing but bending of the light rays.
Refraction is performed on almost all complete eye exams.
Refraction is physical phenomenons.
Refraction is seen most often when a wave passes from one medium to a different medium .
Refraction is seen most often when a wave passes from one medium to a different medium.
Refraction is the bending of a light ray as it passes from one medium to another.
Refraction is the bending of a ray of light.
Refraction is the bending of light as it moves from one material to another.
Refraction is the bending of light as it moves through different media.
Refraction is the bending of light as it passes from one medium to another of different density.
Refraction is the bending of light as it passes through an object.
Refraction is the bending of light as it passes through two materials of different density.
Refraction is the bending of light cause by a speed change when it passes through different media.
Refraction is the bending of light rays upon passing from one transparent medium to another.
Refraction is the bending of light when it passes from one medium to another.
Refraction is the bending of light.
Refraction is the bending of sound waves from their original path.
Refraction is the bending of waves.
Refraction is the bending which is caused by changing speed.
Refraction is the change of direction that occurs when the medium changes.
Refraction is the effect on a wave when there are changes in a medium.
Refraction is the process by which the eye bends light to form an image on the retina.
Refraction is when light passes through the object but is bent in the process.
Refraction isa phenomenon.
Refraction Now place the straight stick partially into the jar of water.
Refraction occurs as light passes through small lenses seated at distant intervals.
Refraction occurs at surfaces or interfaces just as reflection does.
Refraction occurs because waves travel at different velocities in different media.
Refraction occurs four times, as the light intersects the vessel s inner and outer surfaces .
Refraction occurs when a light ray changes mediums.
Refraction occurs when light enters the eye through the cornea and lens.
Refraction occurs when light passes from one medium to another medium.
Refraction occurs when waves are bent by shallow water.
Refraction refers to how a lens, such as a cornea, bends light rays.
Refraction refers to the ability of the eye to focus light.
Refraction refers to the bending or deflection of the light rays.
Refraction refers to the deflection of a ray of light as it enters the eye.
Refraction refers to the way the cornea and lens bend light rays to focus properly on the retina.
Refractions are often variable and inconsistent.
Refractions generally occur along the top of the water table and the uppermost bedrock formation.
Refractions take forever to calculate.
Refractions often continue to change through the teenage years into the early twenties.
Refractions often result in a prescription for glasses or contact len ses.
More refraction means the more spreading out of light and so they appear larger.
Most refraction causes beams.
Most refraction depends on thickness.
Most refraction involves light.
Refractive complications can include regression and scar formation.
Refractive effects can also significantly enhance scatter volume.
Refractive error is clearly the largest cause of decreased vision in third world countries.
Refractive error is treated with glasses and patching of the normal eye.
Refractive error returns to the original, as does the corneal topography.
Refractive errors are fairly obvious to a person.
Refractive errors are generally correctable by glasses, contact lenses, or refractive surgery.
Refractive errors can create distortions.
Refractive errors cause a disturbance in the way that light rays are focused within the eye.
Refractive errors occur when the cornea fails to focus light rays precisely on the retina.
Refractive errors tend to be inherited, but there is no pattern of inheritance.
Refractive experts tackle education.
A refractive index is a ratio
Refractive index is a function of wavelength, so blue light brought to focus nearer than red light.
Refractive index is a measure of the degree to which a medium bends light.
Refractive index is a numerical value indicating the light bending power of a medium such as glass.
Refractive index varies with position for inhomogeneous materials.
Refractive indexs are ratios.
Some refractive indexes have distinct values.
Some refractive indexes have values.
Refractive lenses have stronger depolarized backscatter responses.
Refractive myopia is attributed to the condition of the refractive elements of the eye.
Refractive power is both a function of curvature and the change in refractive index.
Refractive procedures can successfully offer lens-free living to a large number of patients.
Refractive status refers to how the eye bends and focuses the light coming in.
Most refractive surgeons lose a lot of patients to follow-up.
Most refractive surgeons provide only one type of excimer laser.
Refractive surgeries are safe and very effective.
Refractive surgery alters the anterior cornea in an attempt to correct vision.
Refractive surgery can partially correct presbyopia through monovision.
Refractive surgery improves vision by permanently changing the shape of the cornea.
Refractive surgery induces optically abrupt changes in shape in the midperiphery of the cornea.
Refractive surgery is an exciting alternative to traditional corrective lenses.
Refractive surgery is another option for correcting hyperopia.
Refractive surgery is based on special imaging of the cornea obtained by the computer.
Refractive surgery is considered an elective procedure.
Refractive surgery is designed to correct distance vision only.
Refractive surgery is here to stay.
Refractive surgery is now an accepted main stream therapy option.
Refractive surgery is performed predominantly in private centers.
Refractive surgery is simple, straight forward surgery done on an outpatient basis.
Refractive surgery offers an alternative to dependence on glasses and contact lenses.
Refractive surgery offers an alternative to dependence upon glasses or contacts for many people.
Refractive surgery offers patients an alternative to corrective eyewear.
Refractive surgery treats refractive errors of the eye.
Refractive surgery using the latest techniques is a strength of the department.
Many refractive surgery recipients regularly post messages.
A refractivity is a bending
Refractivity is a function of both temperature and water vapor.
A refractometer is an instrument
Refractometers are very handy and require no batteries or reagents.
Refractometers are well suited for determining the density of syrup at room temperature.
Refractometers gives a good indication of the success of the methods used by the grower.
Refractometers measure the change in the direction of light as it passes from air into water.
Refractometers use a scale to quantify the effect that dissolved solids in water have on light.
A refractoriness is a trait
Refractoriness is a state of unresponsiveness to a stimuli.
Refractory disease means that the leukemia failed to go into remission following treatment.
Refractory disease means that the leukemia has failed to go into remission following treatment.
Refractory disease means the cancer is no longer responding to treatment.
Refractory linings are high-temperature resistant materials used to line furnaces and boilers.
Refractory linings vary based upon chemical waste stream and temperature profiles within the unit.
Refractory materials are in use in almost all heavy industry.
Refractory materials are used to line high-temperature ovens.
Refractory materials are used to line the inside of high-temperature ovens.
Refractory materials are used to line the inside of ovens used to maintain very high temperatures.
Refractory metals are a class of metals that are extraordinarily resistant to heat and wear .
A refractory period is time
Refractory periods limit the rate at which signals can be transmitted down the neuron.
A refractory is a liner
Refractories play an integral part in the processing of cement and minerals.
Refractory equals loss of erection.
Refractory means to obstinately resist authority or control.
Refractory refers to the time the nerve is unresponsive.
A refrain is music
Refrains are music.
Refrains are part of songs.
Refrains are regularly repeated sections of music that most often occur in larger forms of music.
Refrains are very difficult to use successfully because they generally repeat the identical lines.
Refrains bind several together.
Refresh rate is a techno-term for how fast the screen image is updated.
Refresh rate is configurable.
Refresh rate is determined by the total number of rows that have to be refreshed in a memory chip.
Refresh rate is irrelevant on LCDs, which are usually optimized for a fixed resolution.
Refresh rate is measured in Hz, or times refreshed per second.
Refresh rate is the number of rows that have to be refreshed.
Refresh rate is the vertical frequency, or the rate at which each pixel on a screen is re-drawn.
Refresh rates are adjustable in one hertz increments.
Refresh rates are also a function of the monitor.
Refresh rates are also important.
Refresh rates are identical to a wired version.
Refresh rates can be much slower, as they hold images much longer.
Refresh rates measure how fast the screen is repainted.
Refresh rates refer to how many times the screen is repainted in a second.
Refresh rates vary between resolution and the higher the rate the better.
Refreshed workers mean higher productivity and less accidents.
Refreshing flavors are more appealing than the texture.
Refreshment hour follows the service.
Refreshment stop follows.
Refreshment time follows.
Refreshment time is where L aughter usually heard the loudest.
Refreshment comes in all shades and flavors.
Refreshment here means more than a cold drink on a hot day.
Refreshment is a snack
Refreshment is bites.
Refreshment is rejuvenation.
Refreshment lies at the end of the tongue, and the stratified hum of memory.
Refreshment stand open in season.
Refreshment stand open with hot dogs, whimpies, homemade pie, coffee and soda.
Refreshment stops along the way.
Refreshments add to the friendly, relaxed atmosphere.
Refreshments allow a chance to talk before the talk starts.
Refreshments are also available for the opening.
Refreshments are also available.
Refreshments are also availahle.
Refreshments are also on sale.
Refreshments are also part of the event.
Refreshments are always a big part of the celebration.
Refreshments are always available and offered.
Refreshments are always available from the hutch in the sitting room on the second floor.
Refreshments are always available in the thatched shelter in the centre of the camp.
Refreshments are always available with a bottomless cookie jar for the sweet tooth at heart.
Refreshments are always available.
Refreshments are always good ideas.
Refreshments are always nice.
Refreshments are always plentiful.
Refreshments are always welcome.
Refreshments are as close as the wet bar.
Refreshments are available after meetings.
Refreshments are available afterwards.
Refreshments are available all day long.
Refreshments are available all morning.
Refreshments are available and a coin donation can be made at the door.
Refreshments are available and coffee is Free .
Refreshments are available and door prizes given at intermission.
Refreshments are available and it's a good day's pleasure.
Refreshments are available and spouses are welcome.
Refreshments are available and there is a raffle for herp supplies at the end of the meeting.
Refreshments are available any time.
Refreshments are available as well as compact discs of some of the song repertoire.
Refreshments are available as well as games for kids.
Refreshments are available as well.
Refreshments are available at a concessions stand outside the stage area.
Refreshments are available at a nominal cost.
Refreshments are available at all times.
Refreshments are available at any time.
Refreshments are available at many properties.
Refreshments are available at the beach during the swimming season.
Refreshments are available at the beautiful stone and timber bathhouse.
Refreshments are available at the break.
Refreshments are available at the concession stand.
Refreshments are available at the end of our meetings.
Refreshments are available at the finish of the race.
Refreshments are available at the refreshment stand and there are booths with prizes.
Refreshments are available before and after each talk.
Refreshments are available before and after the service.
Refreshments are available before the seminar in the commons room.
Refreshments are available by donation.
Refreshments are available during a short intermission.
Refreshments are available during intermission.
Refreshments are available during the day.
Refreshments are available en route.
Refreshments are available every afternoon in the parlor.
Refreshments are available following the ceremony.
Refreshments are available following the tours.
Refreshments are available for a small charge during the interval.
Refreshments are available for a small fee.
Refreshments are available for guests in the late afternoon.
Refreshments are available for parties in small tea room by previous request.
Refreshments are available for purchase with coupons only.
Refreshments are available for purchase.
Refreshments are available for sale before the show and during intermission.
Refreshments are available for students and faculty immediately preceding the seminar.
Refreshments are available for the invited.
Refreshments are available from a mobile kiosk.
Refreshments are available from one of several cafes nearby.
Refreshments are available immediately before the talk.
Refreshments are available in concession stands before concerts and during intermission.
Refreshments are available in heated building that is accessible to the snowmobile trails.
Refreshments are available in heated that is accessible to the snowmobile trails.
Refreshments are available in our country market.
Refreshments are available in the afternoon and evening.
Refreshments are available in the lower lobby for consumption outside the auditorium.
Refreshments are available in the nearby candy and pop machines.
Refreshments are available in the north cloister of the monastery, which is also worth seeing.
Refreshments are available in the parlour throughout the day.
Refreshments are available in the restaurant.
Refreshments are available in the vending machine area just off the lounge.
Refreshments are available indoors and out.
Refreshments are available indoors and outdoors throughout the evening program.
Refreshments are available on board.
Refreshments are avail-able on board.
Refreshments are available on both levels of the lobby prior to the performance and at intermission.
Refreshments are available on the boat and personal coolers are welcome.
Refreshments are available on the boat.
Refreshments are available on the bus after the hike and during the ride home.
Refreshments are available right next to the commons.
Refreshments are available through out the day.
Refreshments are available throughout the course.
Refreshments are available throughout the day.
Refreshments are available, butthe tavern itself is a real treat for history buffs.
Refreshments are available, so come on out and play some bingo.
Refreshments are available, there are toilets in the building, and wheelchair access is no problem.
Refreshments are available, too.
Refreshments are available.
Refreshments are close at hand.
Refreshments are extra.
Refreshments are for sale at the modern boat rental building.
Refreshments are for sale on board, and luncheons are available as well.
Refreshments are for sale prior and during the event.
Refreshments are free, but donations are always welcome.
Refreshments are free.
Refreshments are inclusive of tea breaks.
Refreshments are just at the back of the room here.
Refreshments are lavish.
Refreshments are magnets for people looking for a boost of energy during a long conference day.
Refreshments are normally available.
Refreshments are often available at regular monthly meetings, usually sponsored by product vendors.
Refreshments are on sale in the hangar.
Refreshments are on sale.
Refreshments are on the corner beside the catastrophe insurance van.
Refreshments are out all night.
Refreshments are part of the experience.
Refreshments are potluck.
Refreshments are provided when requested, free of charge as well as lots of encouragement.
Refreshments are ready after the service.
Refreshments are served on board and booking is advised.
Refreshments are simple.
Refreshments are usually available after the speaker.
Refreshments are very inexpensive.
Refreshments are welcome.
Refreshments Bring a picnic lunch .
Refreshments Buy a plastic cauldron or use a black pot for serving the food.
Refreshments can serve as a comfortable icebreaker.
Refreshments consist of bottled water, sodas, fruit juice, coffee, iced tea and hot tea.
Refreshments follow each presentation.
Refreshments follow in the fifth floor lounge.
Refreshments follow talk.
Refreshments follow the ceremony.
Refreshments follow the discussion and members are encouraged to stay on and mingle.
Refreshments follow the lecture.
Refreshments follow the meeting.
Refreshments follow the presentation.
Refreshments follow the program.
Refreshments follow the readings.
Refreshments follow the service.
Refreshments follow the two-mile walk.
Refreshments following the program can provide a fellowship time.
Refreshments Have on hand a variety of ingredients for participants to make their own banana splits.
Refreshments help people to relax.
Refreshments help workgroup meetings run better.
Refreshments includes complementary buffet and beverages.
Refreshments including the famous blueberry soup are available at all the service points.
Refreshments make the time pass more quickly.
Refreshments precede the review.
Refreshments round out a wonderful afternoon.
Refreshments servd by friends group.
Refreshments then follow with Stories of the evening's events.
Refreshments typically feature sodas, coffee, cookies and treats.
All refreshments are to be purchased from the vending machines located in the visiting room.
More refreshment stands for quicker service.
Refried beans are beans.
Refried beans are dishs.
Refried beans are just as they sound fried.
Refried beans are paste.
Refried beans are similar to baked beans in appearance but rather darker.
Refried beans smooth out the texture and salsa updates the taste.
Refrigerant certifications are also desirable along with basic computer skills.
Refrigerant gas carries heat to the indoor unit.
Refrigerant industry valves.
Refrigerant liquid carries heat to the outdoor unit.
Refrigerant oil presents another problem caused by moisture.
Refrigerant vapor is admitted to the shell and condenses on the outer surfaces of the tubes.
Refrigerant vapor is admitted to the shell, and condenses on the outer surfaces of the tubes.
Refrigerant carries heat between the units.
Refrigerant flows at a rate that exactly matches compressor capacity.
Refrigerant flows helically in a single plane where the axis of the spiral is horizontal.
Refrigerant is a substance
Refrigerant is substances.
Refrigerants can be a liquid or a vapor, depending on their temperature and pressure.
Refrigerants never wear out and refrigerant coils are completely sealed, closed systems.
All refrigerants are dangerous.
Many refrigerants used in distributed systems can pose difficulties.
More refrigerant is needed in the summer through fall months because of the ambient temperature.
Most refrigerants also increase global warming because they are powerful greenhouse gasses.
Some refrigerants exhibit high pressures.
Some refrigerate storage improves germination.
Refrigerated bread gets stale faster.
Refrigerated capsules remain stable until the expiration date printed on the label.
Refrigerated chillers are expensive.
Refrigerated containers are available new or refurbished.
Refrigerated dough uses primarily baking powder to make the dough rise.
Refrigerated fixation is superior to fixation at room temperature.
Refrigerated food spoils rapidly when power is lost.
Refrigerated goods experience a significant greater rate of spoilage due to extreme heat.
Refrigerated grapes keep one to two weeks.
Refrigerated medicines go in the kitchen refrigerator.
Refrigerated milk needs to be kept cold and frozen milk kept frozen on the trip to the hospital.
Refrigerated operations require even more power due to the compressors for temperature control.
Refrigerated pickles have a fairly short shelf life.
Refrigerated potatoes are likely to turn dark when cooked.
Refrigerated samples are also acceptable.
Refrigerated samples are stable for up to two weeks.
Refrigerated spaces can take any type of temperature control unit.
Refrigerated storage extends the period of acceptable quality of perishable seasonal products.
Refrigerated storage is far too small and antiquated.
Refrigerated storage is neither necessary nor recommended.
Refrigerated storage is recommended for brown rice.
Refrigerated thawing is the safest method to use if time permits.
Refrigerated trucks are always preferable, but are often prohibitively expensive.
Refrigerated trucks are ideal because they maintain the proper temperature and moisture.
Refrigerated vestibule allows for the pre-staging of loads.
Refrigeration units are welcome.
Refrigeration units let boats stay out longer and catch more fish.
Refrigeration units maintain an ice skating surface even in mild weather.
Refrigeration Units maintain proper temperatures.
Refrigeration accelerates crystallization.
Refrigeration affects the taste and is highly discouraged by the makers.
Refrigeration also helps preserve pea's texture and nutritional value.
Refrigeration also preserves the taste and texture.
Refrigeration assures the shelf life through the vial s dating.
Refrigeration can cause discoloration.
Refrigeration can encourage the greens to turn black.
Refrigeration can lengthen the shelf life of some of the more perishable products.
Refrigeration can turn the leaves black.
Refrigeration causes excess moisture.
Refrigeration causes moisture.
Refrigeration causes starch to turn to sugar.
Refrigeration causes the fries to be darker, possibly sweeter, and waxy in texture.
Refrigeration halts the progression of the disease.
Refrigeration has an essential part to play in the economics of most countries.
Refrigeration helps soften the bitter taste.
Refrigeration increases the staling process.
Refrigeration inhibits growth of the bacteria, and proper cooking eliminates the risk.
Refrigeration is a cooling
Refrigeration is a firm specialty.
Refrigeration is a safeguard.
Refrigeration is advised, but do let it come to room temperature before serving it.
Refrigeration is also available.
Refrigeration is an important tool in the temperature management of perishables.
Refrigeration is available for students to store prescribed medication if necessary.
Refrigeration is available in all camp locations for campers with packed lunch from home.
Refrigeration is available in the clubhouse.
Refrigeration is available.
Refrigeration is best.
Refrigeration is built-in below the helm seat.
Refrigeration is controlled by time.
Refrigeration is cooling.
Refrigeration is fine if the bottles are unopened.
Refrigeration is human activities.
Refrigeration is key to keeping bacteria levels low as well.
Refrigeration is low enough to stop the growth of most microbes.
Refrigeration is monitored by a time-temperature device.
Refrigeration is much more than an equipment story.
Refrigeration is necessary to keep the food safe to eat.
Refrigeration is needed to control bacterial growth, and keep the food safe.
Refrigeration is one method of removing moisture from compressed air.
Refrigeration is one of the most expensive uses of energy.
Refrigeration is one of the most widely used preservation techniques in the industrialized world.
Refrigeration is only a means to an end.
Refrigeration is optimal.
Refrigeration is optional.
Refrigeration is perhaps the best all-around method for preserving a specimen.
Refrigeration is perhaps the highest area of demand of electricity in the home.
Refrigeration is preferable.
Refrigeration is preservation
Refrigeration is preservation.
Refrigeration is provided and a microwave is available for warming.
Refrigeration is provided and lunch time is supervised by our teaching assistants.
Refrigeration is provided by cryocoolers, eliminating the handling of liquid cryogens.
Refrigeration is provided for frozen and fresh perishables.
Refrigeration is recommended for added longevity.
Refrigeration is recommended for open-containers.
Refrigeration is recommended to prevent the oils from becoming rancid.
Refrigeration is recommended.
Refrigeration is required.
Refrigeration is still best for long term storage of unopened insulin vials.
Refrigeration is the first step in proper egg handling.
Refrigeration is the key to handling holiday leftovers safely.
Refrigeration is the main thing.
Refrigeration is the most energy expensive item in the kitchen.
Refrigeration is the only preservation method to be used on samples taken for biological analysis.
Refrigeration is the preferred method of preservation.
Refrigeration is the process of cooling a space or substance below environmental temperature.
Refrigeration is the single most important factor in maintaining the quality and safety of milk.
Refrigeration is the single most important factor in maintaining the safety of milk.
Refrigeration is therapy.
Refrigeration is too cold for chocolate and causes chocolate to become white or discolored.
Refrigeration is typically the largest consumer of electrical energy in an energy efficient home.
Refrigeration is unnecessary.
Refrigeration is vital to the health and well being of people living in developing countries.
Refrigeration isa process.
Refrigeration keeps plants fresh for days if stored in air-tight bags.
Refrigeration kills flavor in fresh tomatoes.
Refrigeration maintains quality for several weeks.
Refrigeration makes the flesh of a tomato mealy and flavorless.
Refrigeration only halts germ growth.
Refrigeration presents another opportunity to reduce energy use, for both small and large customers.
Refrigeration prevents bacterial reproduction.
Refrigeration prevents growth.
Refrigeration prevents reproduction.
Refrigeration promotes granulation.
Refrigeration promotes mold as a result of condensation on their surface.
Refrigeration remade the kitchen and dining room with deep freezers and frozen foods.
Refrigeration requires a lot of power.
Refrigeration ruins it, even if it's vacuum-packed.
Refrigeration slows bacterial growth.
Refrigeration slows degradation and maintains the viability of the bacteria.
Refrigeration slows down chemical reactions and enzyme activities.
Refrigeration slows down the enzyme activity, but it doesn t halt it.
Refrigeration slows down the ripening process.
Refrigeration slows other bacterial growth.
Refrigeration slows the growth of bacteria, molds, and other micro-organisms.
Refrigeration slows the loss of quality over time.
Refrigeration speeds the crystalization process.
Refrigeration speeds up crystallization.
Refrigeration stops the fermentation process.
Most refrigeration causes excess moisture.
Most refrigeration causes moisture.
Most refrigeration prevents bacterial reproduction.
Most refrigeration prevents growth.
Some refrigeration is available for students to store prescribed medicine if necessary.
Refrigerator magnets are also available on our order form.
Refrigerator magnets are located in fridges.
Refrigerator magnets can help teach the shapes of the alphabet.
Refrigerator magnets makes wonderful gifts as well.
A refrigerator is a household appliance
Refrigerator also stays.
Refrigerator becomes a freezer with the turn of a dial.
Refrigerator can be electic or propane as are the lights.
Refrigerator clean up is complete.
Refrigerator comes next.
Refrigerator freezes everything even when turned to warmest setting.
Refrigerator has ice maker.
Refrigerator has interior light to view contents at a glance.
Refrigerator haul off too.
Refrigerator hold school papers, photos and grocery lists.
Refrigerator is available on request.
Refrigerator is available to keep things chilled.
Refrigerator is available to store lunches.
Refrigerator is equipped with ice maker.
Refrigerator is natural non living things.
Refrigerator is no good.
Refrigerator is the left door.
Refrigerator is the top door.
Refrigerator is too cold.
Refrigerator is very heavy.
Refrigerator isa commodity.
Refrigerator isa goods.
Refrigerators add convenience to dormitory life.
Refrigerators also don t control humidity, important in keeping corks moist and securely sealed.
Refrigerators are also available in full view glass door models.
Refrigerators are also available upon request.
Refrigerators are avaiable on request.
Refrigerators are available as well as king and queen sizedbeds.
Refrigerators are available for each room at a nominal cost.
Refrigerators are available for rent at a nominal fee.
Refrigerators are available for storing some lunch items if necessary.
Refrigerators are available from the bookstore for rent.
Refrigerators are available in some rooms.
Refrigerators are available in the common rooms.
Refrigerators are available on deluxe and suite room.
Refrigerators are available on each floor.
Refrigerators are available on request.
Refrigerators are available on site.
Refrigerators are available upon request and the hotel offers on sight laundry facilities.
Refrigerators are available upon request for in-room use.
Refrigerators are available upon request.
Refrigerators are available.
Refrigerators are caves.
Refrigerators are electric while ranges are propane gas.
Refrigerators are for the use of the campus residents only.
Refrigerators are in the rooms or available with free soft drinks.
Refrigerators are located in apartments.
Refrigerators are located in food.
Refrigerators are located in garages.
Refrigerators are located in homes.
Refrigerators are located in houses.
Refrigerators are machines.
Refrigerators are major users of electricity.
Refrigerators are on the way.
Refrigerators are one more area of concern.
Refrigerators are one of the largest consumers of power in the average household.
Refrigerators are part of the room furnishings at no additional cost.
Refrigerators are readily available nowadays in every kitchen.
Refrigerators are small, requiring frequent trips to the grocery store.
Refrigerators are the biggest energy hogs in the home.
Refrigerators are the biggest energy users among household appliances.
Refrigerators are to be kept in good repair.
Refrigerators are used for cool things.
Refrigerators are used for cooling drinks.
Refrigerators are used for freezing food.
Refrigerators are very inefficient because of insufficient wall insulation.
Refrigerators are virtually essential for residents who plan to do their own cooking.
Refrigerators become a freezer with the turn of a dial.
Refrigerators Call for assessment and pick-up.
Refrigerators can be huge consumers of energy.
Refrigerators can display recipes containing only the ingredients on their shelves.
Refrigerators can now detect if the beer supply is low.
Refrigerators come in different sizes.
Refrigerators come with many options.
Refrigerators come with or without ice makers.
Refrigerators contain little moisture.
Refrigerators contain moisture.
Refrigerators have (part) refrigeration systems.
Refrigerators have (part) sections.
Refrigerators have advantage.
Refrigerators have capacity.
Refrigerators have circuits.
Refrigerators have cool capacity.
Refrigerators have food.
Refrigerators have many advantage.
Refrigerators have to be heated, rather than cooled, to preserve food.
Refrigerators hold food.
Refrigerators Never put more than one major appliance on an electric circuit.
Refrigerators offer more than size.
Refrigerators preserve food.
Refrigerators tend to be both damp and full of odors.
Refrigerators tend to be small because most cheeses, veggies and meats are fresh.
Refrigerators tend to be smaller, manual defrost models, which accounts for their lower consumption.
Refrigerators tend to vibrate and wine doesn t like to rock n roll.
Refrigerators use a little less than one fifth of all the electricity consumed in the homes.
Refrigerators Use explosion-proof refrigerators for cold storage of flammable chemicals.
Refrigerators use more electricity than an other item in the home.
Refrigerators use more energy when located near a heating vent or stove.
Refrigerators use more power than any other appliance in the home and deserve special attention.
Refrigerators use one-sixth of a home s energy.
Refrigerators use one-sixth of a home's energy.
Refrigerators vary in size and in the clearance space they require.
Refrigerators often contain freezer compartments as well as ice-making machines.
All refrigerators can moan, groan, or sizzle.
Most refrigerators are dry deserts inside that wilt vegetables.
Most refrigerators contain little moisture.
Most refrigerators contain moisture.
Most refrigerators have a light bulb that goes on when the door is opened.
Most refrigerators have advantage.
Most refrigerators have capacity.
Most refrigerators have circuits.
Most refrigerators have cool capacity.
Most refrigerators have food.
Most refrigerators have many advantage.
Most refrigerators hold food.
Some refrigerators defrost automatically.
Some refrigerators fill with ice.
Some refrigerators have high humidity levels.
Some refrigerators have high levels.
Some refrigerators have humidity levels.
Some refrigerators have levels.
Some refrigerators qualify for the tax credit.
A refueling is provision
Refueling Be cautious during refueling.
Refueling can be a deck refueling or an inflight refueling.
Refueling is a win.
Refueling is also important.
Refueling is easier, too.
Refueling is easy, just a matter of replacing tanks.
Refueling is extremely convenient.
Refueling is quick and simple.
Refueling is required every four hours.
Refueling is simple, but time consuming.
Refueling takes eight seconds.
Refueling takes six minutes.
Refueling takes too long with that wimpy can.
Refueling Turn off the chainsaw to refuel.
Refuelings are filling.
Refuelings are fuelings.
Refuge provision is overstretched.
Refuge created by mixing seed in the hopper is ineffective.
Refuge has extreme adult content and special warnings apply.
Refuge is a terrifying journey into avant-garde, subtly thematic territory.
Refuge is an individual perception.
Refuge is assistance
Refuge is dominated by brome grass which covers the upland areas.
Refuge is down road on right.
Refuge is functionally an island of wildlife habitat in a sea of cotton fields.
Refuge is located at the mouth of the Mississippi River.
Refuge is more a feeling of comfort, safety and belonging.
Refuge is only in one's own kamma.
Refuge is open daylight hours year-round.
Refuge is open daylight hours.
Refuge is open from sunrise to sunset.
Refuge is required.
Refuge is shelter.
Refuge is the most important prerequisite to enter into the practice of discipline.
Refuge means the potential of providing a hiding-place.
Refuge permits required for all hunts.
Refuge plays an integral role in recovery of endangered red wolf.
Refuge purposes The purposes specified in or derived from the document that created the refuge.
Refuge remains an option for many men and women.
Refuge serves as an important stop over point for neotropical migratory birds.
Refuge simply means that the garden provides a sense of being protected and comfortable.
Refuge spacing similarly affects reef-associated species from three phyla.
Refuge tries to provide that setting.
Refuge wetlands, consequently, have become more valuable to faunal communities.
Refuges are a place where all wildlife species can be observed in natural settings.
Refuges are areas where susceptible corn cultivars are planted.
Refuges are cheap.
Refuges are first for wildlife - both above and below water.
Refuges are ideal places for people of all ages to explore and connect with the natural world.
Refuges are more than that, and deserving of at least equal treatment within the agency.
Refuges are needed for hiding from predators, sleeping, storing food, and having and rearing young.
Refuges are vital for habitats and overall conservation of many birds.
Refuges can benefit communities in many ways.
Refuges Find information on wildlife and plants, habitat, people and public use and more.
Refuges have a community environment which consists of a large number of people.
Refuges use administrative procedures and guidelines as necessary to manage hunting programs.
All refuge has access to stairwells for a vertical evacuation.
All refuges are open from sunrise to sunset.
All refuges have an on-going maintenance program for trail work and signs.
All refuges remain in effect.
Many refuges are close to urban areas and almost every part of the country has a refuge nearby.
Many refuges serve birds migrating from or to other countries.
Most refuges allow individuals to erect a temporary blind.
Some refuges only take younger boy children.
A refugee camp is shelter
Refugee camps are civilian.
Refugee camps are overcrowded, and sanitation facilities are still rudimentary.
Refugee camps have a sound all their own.
Refugee camps have the highest priority for achieving vaccination for every infant and child.
Refugee camps provide an ironic case in point.
Most refugee camps are the dens of mosquitoes, scorpions and snakes.
Refugee children are also at risk of being recruited and used as child soldiers.
Refugee children constitute approximately half of the world's refugee population.
Refugee children mind their parents' bags.
Many refugee children continue to suffer human rights abuses in countries of asylum.
Many refugee children miss significant years of education due to dislocation and flight.
Many refugee crises have their origin in abuses of human rights.
Refugee women are vulnerable to violence at every stage of their flight.
Refugee women face ongoing violations of their human rights.
Refugee women form the central force to re-establishing the returnee community.
Refugee women remain physically vulnerable in the country of asylum.
Refugee women view the question of repatriation with mixed options.
A refugee is an expat
Refugee claims from the same country often raise issues that recur in many cases.
Refugee claims in Canada.
Refugee flows as grounds for international action.
Refugee flows inevitably have an impact on other immigrant categories.
Refugees achieve durable solutions one at a time - individually.
Refugees achieve durable solutions one at a time individually.
Refugees also complain that they are being treated harshly by Russian soldiers.
Refugees also continue to face significant obstacles in deciding whether to return.
Refugees also increase the community's tax base with the purchase of goods and local services.
Refugees also make jobs.
Refugees also offer the employer bilingual and bicultural skills.
Refugees appear with horror stories.
Refugees apply for protection outside the United States.
Refugees apply from abroad and are subject to a numerical limit.
Refugees are a commodity to be traded for political ends.
Refugees are a godsend to Ireland.
Refugees are a key element in American foreign policy.
Refugees are a king of political football.
Refugees are a problem in many areas of the world especially in Africa.
Refugees are a real, global responsibility.
Refugees are a symptom of a deeper malaise in the polities from which they have fled.
Refugees are afraid to return, fearing attacks by Albanian extremists.
Refugees are also likely to have been traumatised by what they have seen.
Refugees are also subject to other welfare laws.
Refugees are also under pressure to leave their host countries or areas.
Refugees are also vulnerable to abuse in the community such as organized crime, including extortion.
Refugees are among brethren once more, unknowingly bringing hardships dire.
Refugees are among the most vulnerable groups in our world.
Refugees are among the most vulnerable members of society.
Refugees are among the most vulnerable of our sisters and brothers.
Refugees are an increasing problem in the world.
Refugees are an international responsibility.
Refugees are as diverse a group as any other people.
Refugees are autochthonous populations expelled from their land.
Refugees are by definition outside the borders of their coun- try.
Refugees are by definition people who have had to leave their homes.
Refugees are civilians.
Refugees are different from immigrants.
Refugees are different from migrants.
Refugees are eager to begin work and get a fresh start in a new community.
Refugees are economic migrants who come here to get a better life.
Refugees are eligible for eight months after arrival in the country.
Refugees are eligible to adjust to immigrant status one year after their arrival.
Refugees are eligible to apply for energy assistance at a designated local government office.
Refugees are eligible to apply for lawful permanent residency after one year.
Refugees are especially prone to exclusion.
Refugees are everywhere, without possessions or a place to go.
Refugees are exempt.
Refugees are exiles.
Refugees are farmers, nomads, monks and nuns.
Refugees are first and foremost people.
Refugees are forced to flee home to escape things like war.
Refugees are here just to take our jobs and increase their standard of living.
Refugees are human beings who deserve to enjoy their human rights without discrimination.
Refugees are invitees.
Refugees are like uprooted trees.
Refugees are more critical of the negotiations than non-refugees.
Refugees are much more than images of despair crying out for charity.
Refugees are obviously just spongers who have come here to live of our taxes.
Refugees are of every race and religion and can be found in every part of the world.
Refugees are on the move by the millions.
Refugees are only eligible to become naturalized citizens after they have been here five years.
Refugees are part of the human family.
Refugees are people who have been forced by persecution and violence to leave their homes.
Refugees are people who have been forced to run away from their country.
Refugees are people.
Refugees are refugees for a reason.
Refugees are remarkable for their capacity to rebuild.
Refugees are safe here, but that's about all.
Refugees are survivors.
Refugees are the great survivors of our times and they deserve our respect and our solidarity.
Refugees are the living casualties of continued war and persecution in the world.
Refugees are therefore wholly dependent on external support for their livelihood.
Refugees are usually unable to find employment or are denied the opportunity to do so.
Refugees are victims of persecution and forcible displacement.
Refugees are without adequate food, and are extremely thin and demoralized.
Refugees are without sanitation, food, water, and shelter.
Refugees are, by definition, angry, frustrated and bitter people.
Refugees Arrive from Europe.
Refugees arrive in the first world, sometimes exhausted and traumatised, but alive.
Refugees arriving by boat represent their worst nightmare.
Refugees become extremely vulnerable to food insecurity.
Refugees begin pouring out of Chechnya.
Refugees begin to be diverted to New Zealand.
Refugees Begin to Return Home.
Refugees benefit particularly from the regular support group sessions conducted at the shelter.
Refugees born here know no other country.
Refugees build our nation.
Refugees can and have the capacity to offer substantially to society.
Refugees can apply for resettlement in third countries.
Refugees can be suspicious.
Refugees can create a strain on resources and the political environment of an accepting state.
Refugees can no longer contact their families directly.
Refugees can now seek asylum in two of the Baltic States.
Refugees can often find material needs, but one of the most difficult losses to fill are friends.
Refugees can receive service for up to five years from the date of arrival.
Refugees can sometimes still hear the sound of artillery shells and gunfire.
Refugees can then choose the best treatment plan for themselves.
Refugees come in all the time, requiring more classroom space.
Refugees come to Australia in one of two ways.
Refugees come to Iran from Afghanistan and Iraq.
Refugees complain of harassment by Guinean soldiers and police, including robberies and rapes.
Refugees complain of shortage of food and lack of medical facilities in the camps.
Refugees constitute a rather special category of the population.
Refugees constitute one faction of the total immigrant student population.
Refugees continue to arrive in Albania in sporadic movements from Kosovo and Montenegro.
Refugees continue to arrive in Albania via Montenegro.
Refugees continue to cross the border into China in unknown, but significant, numbers.
Refugees continue to flee Kosovo.
Refugees continue to flee to Tanzania and the rebels have threatened to bomb the camps in Tanzania.
Refugees continue to flee, with no end in sight.
Refugees continue to flood out of Kosovo.
Refugees continue to flow by the thousands out of Kosovo, Serbia's rebellious southern province.
Refugees continue to line up at Russian border checkpoints, trying to leave the country.
Refugees continue to move from host families and private accommodations into the camps.
Refugees continue to return.
Refugees continues to arrive in sporadic fashion.
Refugees contribute positively to economic growth of countries of asylum.
Refugees cower in ditches.
Refugees delight in simple joys of life in Colorado .
Refugees describe their lives in terms of abnormality.
Refugees deserve our respect.
Refugees discuss their flight from Kosovo .
Refugees do compete for jobs but they are also consumers.
Refugees don t get a choice about coming to Glasgow - they are just sent.
Refugees encounter many hardships during their first years of resettlement.
Refugees even allege that Russian forces have been bombarding refugee columns.
Refugees face a number of serious micronutrient deficiencies.
Refugees face an uncertain welcome.
Refugees face special needs and a special type of poverty.
Refugees feel free to return to Rwanda without fear of persecution or harassment.
Refugees flee Communist soldiers, escaping across the Mekong River into Thailand.
Refugees flee war and persecution.
Refugees flee war, crossing borders in massive numbers.
Refugees fleeing the fighting in Angola face an uncertain fate in Namibia.
Refugees flood in from all corners of Southeast Asia, sometimes pursued by soldiers.
Refugees get all sorts of handouts from the government.
Refugees get housing and welfare benefits before Irish people.
Refugees get the same social welfare as Irish people.
Refugees happen when ecumenicism fails, as when multi-ethnic Bosnia was fractured.
Refugees have a right to decide where to seek asylum.
Refugees have a right under international law to claim that protection.
Refugees have access to food, shelter, clean water, and medical care.
Refugees have access to the same medical care and educational institutions as Icelandic nationals.
Refugees have common experiences as well which are deepened and striking.
Refugees have few choices, including becoming a refugee.
Refugees have fewer rights than many persons charged with criminal acts.
Refugees have more rights than citizens.
Refugees have much to offer the communities in which they resettle.
Refugees have no legal status in Kenya.
Refugees have nowhere to turn to.
Refugees have the right to make their way to safe shores.
Refugees have to line up for food, water and phone calls.
Refugees have to queue for up to three hours to get the permits.
Refugees here play an important role.
Refugees keep coming, but security has tightened up to extreme measures.
Refugees keeps coming across the border, but it seems to be more or less all over now.
Refugees lack adequate shelter, sanitation, and water.
Refugees lack self-representation.
Refugees languish in inhuman conditions in the no-man's land between Kosovo and Macedonia.
Refugees learn to improvise.
Refugees leave their home countries and come to the U.S. for freedom.
Refugees Leave their homes because of perceived or actual violence.
Refugees leave their homes, families, friends and jobs, for many reasons.
Refugees live outside in cars, buses railway wagons and tented camps.
Refugees look for the closest, safest places.
Refugees make up about two thirds of the entire Palestinian population.
Refugees meet with public figures of culture, art and science.
Refugees migrate by the millions.
Refugees mingle with pirates along the porous borders, fishermen with zealots.
Refugees monitor the news in the Internet trailer.
Refugees mostly live in self-constructed mud houses.
Refugees move because they have to.
Refugees move from town to town.
Refugees normally respect local rules governing the use of natural resources.
Refugees now endure different kinds of hardships.
Refugees number many thousands.
Refugees only become refugees by leaving their country.
Refugees place a strain on the host nations, cities, or towns when too many arrive at once.
Refugees pour into neighboring countries.
Refugees present challenges for teachers in the classroom and because of funding cutbacks.
Refugees receive a similar assessment after they arrive in the United States.
Refugees receive little food and medicine, and are provided with inadequate shelter.
Refugees relieve themselves in the same creek where they bathe their children.
Refugees repatriate in such difficult circumstances for a variety of reasons.
Refugees report having seen women, children and old people being run over by tanks and others shot.
Refugees report that the famine has undermined popular support for the current political leadership.
Refugees report torturing in public, like the notorious 'Ringing of the Bell'.
Refugees resettling in the United States normally undergo a mandatory health assessment.
Refugees return and try to rebuild their lives on land riddled with mines.
Refugees return from Afghanistan and Turkmenistan.
Refugees return to areas that saw the worst atrocities in the war.
Refugees say entire towns are being emptied by Serb forces on the rampage.
Refugees say people are being killed as they try to flee the Russian bombardment.
Refugees say that thousands more are heading for Albania.
Refugees say the camps are cramped and the roofs leak during rains.
Refugees say they get little treatment for medical problems.
Refugees say they have been forced to leave their homes by Serb forces.
Refugees set up makeshift homes in tents and lean-tos along the highway to La Lima.
Refugees show up in Hazel Park who have been out of school in their homeland for many years.
Refugees speak about their native country and country of asylum.
Refugees speak about themselves, their history and their future.
Refugees stay an average of two months.
Refugees still return from neighboring countries.
Refugees stream across borders.
Refugees take home the lessons they learn during their asylum.
Refugees tell of leaving behind looted stores, burned homes and fallow fields.
Refugees testify that once they are on the move, the paramilitaries disappear.
Refugees then go to the camp administration and are registered as camp residents.
Refugees there say they are running out of provisions.
Refugees total a third of the capital city Tirana's population.
Refugees trudge off an empty stage into the mists of an uncertain future.
Refugees try to find their way home, often only to find their cities burned and leveled.
Refugees trying to reclaim their old homes face an often painful game of musical chairs.
Refugees wait for relief workers to hand out bread.
Refugees often come from a home environment different from that in which they seek sanctuary.
Refugees often find good, well paid work within the first two or three months of arrival.
Refugees often have little idea about where they are going.
Refugees often have to wait in line for hours to get hold of a paracetamol.
Refugees often spend a long time in camps before they can enter America.
Refugees sometimes move in both directions between neighboring African countries.
Refugees usually leave with little warning and endure great hardships during their flight.
All refugees are eligible.
All refugees forfeit their visible belongings, particularly houses and lands, to the state.
All refugees have shelter and food.
All refugees here are political dissidents.
Every refugee has a tragic and moving story.
Every refugee sells food, the price drops locally, farmers have no incentive to grow food.
Many refugees already live in such houses.
Many refugees are anxious to return to their homes but are skeptical until the guns are gone.
Many refugees are reluctant to move though, as they are still trying to trace family members.
Many refugees arrive daily and hourly.
Many refugees arrive in Britain traumatised and terrified of being sent back.
Many refugees claim that soldiers have summarily executed civilians and tortured rebel fighters.
Many refugees clearly support the armed guerrillas fighting for an independent state.
Many refugees come from parts of the world where torture is still prevalent.
Many refugees consider souls to be attached to different parts of the body.
Many refugees continue to lack access to proper medical care.
Many refugees enroll in employment training programs to become certified in a specific worldwide.
Many refugees flee to the United States as a final attempt to save themselves and their families.
Many refugees have nothing to return to.
Many refugees have only plastic sheeting for shelter during the rainy season.
Many refugees live in refugee camps.
Many refugees receive public assistance.
Many refugees return home when the situation in their country of origin stabilizes.
Many refugees return to their home, a process called repatriation.
Many refugees return to their homeland when democracy is restored and persecution stops.
Many refugees say they are haunted by the inspection process long afterward.
Many refugees talk about their individual experiences.
More refugees arrive daily because of oppressive measures by Burma's military regime.
More refugees flee south.
More refugees go south.
More refugees live in Iran than in any other country in the world today.
Most refugees apply for permanent immigrant status when they become eligible to do so.
Most refugees are from Sudan.
Most refugees are illegal immigrants and more than half are children and women.
Most refugees are in the developing world because that is where most conflicts are taking place.
Most refugees are of urban origin and live in or around the capital cities.
Most refugees are unable to return home.
Most refugees are women and children.
Most refugees are women, children and elderly people who require special attention.
Most refugees arrive with all of their possessions in one plastic bag or suitcase.
Most refugees continue to work while they further their education.
Most refugees eventually find shelter with Albanian family, but the country is saturated.
Most refugees express resentment and anger at the prospect of further transfers to other camps.
Most refugees have some identity documents.
Most refugees laugh openly when asked if the war has been won.
Most refugees remain dependent well beyond a year.
Most refugees report that the city was largely emptied.
Most refugees struggle each day simply to find food and accommodation.
Some refugees agree.
Some refugees are busy pitching their tents, others come and go fetching water or food.
Some refugees come by plane and are welcomed by their sponsors at the airport.
Some refugees describe seeing houses and apartments in flames as they left the city.
Some refugees eventually go home.
Some refugees have diarrhea.
Some refugees however have needs which go beyond what is normally available.
Some refugees live in a camp of delapidated unfinished buildings.
Some refugees return, finding their houses bombed, burnt or looted.
Refund checks are limited to one per semester.
Refund checks are prepared the fifth week of the semester.
Refund checks are prepared the sixth week of the term.
Refund checks are still written by hand, so please be patient with our system.
Refund checks require approximately two weeks to process.
Refund date is based on the last day of attendance.
Refund form is available Online.
Refund information is listed there as well.
Refund information is posted on each machine.
Refund information is updated each weekend.
Refund information is updated weekly.
Refund interest accrues only on the tax principal overpaid.
Refund machine is by ticket counter.
Refund payments vary from a check to an international money order.
Refund percentage is based on the last date of attendance recorded by the college.
Refund policy is confusing and arcane.
Refund policy stands for online, fax and mail payments.
Refund requests are no longer necessary.
A refund is a payment
Refunds affect the student's balance only.
Refunds apply for tuition and fees only.
Refunds apply to internet orders only .
Refunds apply to the academic year of withdrawal only.
Refunds apply to tuition.
Refunds are also available by mail.
Refunds are also available via mail.
Refunds are also on the rise.
Refunds are also up over last year.
Refunds are an administrative decision.
Refunds are another story.
Refunds are applicable to the goods only.
Refunds are as noted above.
Refunds are at the discretion of the management.
Refunds are automatic when a program is canceled.
Refunds are automatic when programs are canceled or schedule changes prohibit attendance.
Refunds are available after two refund periods have passed.
Refunds are available approximately three days before classes begin.
Refunds are available at point of purchase unless otherwise noted on the linked page.
Refunds are available at point of purchase.
Refunds are available at points of purchase.
Refunds are available at the place of purchase.
Refunds are available at the point of purchase.
Refunds are available by the semester, if one no longer wishes to park on campus.
Refunds are available for credit only.
Refunds are available for more or less all costs arising in business.
Refunds are available for tuition only.
Refunds are available from point of purchase.
Refunds are available from some health funds.
Refunds are available if requested at least two days prior to the program.
Refunds are available if requested one day prior to the seminar.
Refunds are available if the room can be rebooked.
Refunds are available in cases of extreme disappointment.
Refunds are available in two forms, check or direct deposit.
Refunds are available on a pro-rata basis.
Refunds are available on a pro-rated basis.
Refunds are available on a prorated basis.
Refunds are available on cancellations made at least seven days prior to publication.
Refunds are available on the following schedule.
Refunds are available only according to the schedules listed.
Refunds are available only before the first day of class.
Refunds are available only during the first week of the semester.
Refunds are available only if the program is canceled.
Refunds are available only if the space can be re-booked for the entire reservation period.
Refunds are available only when an event is canceled or rescheduled.
Refunds are available the first three weeks of the semester.
Refunds are available to entities that overpay value added tax.
Refunds are available to patients.
Refunds are available under certain circumstances.
Refunds are available until one week before a class begins.
Refunds are available until the fourth week of the semester.
Refunds are available up to five days prior to an event.
Refunds are available up to five days prior to the program.
Refunds are available up to one week before a performance.
Refunds are available upon request during the fifth week of instruction for fall and spring.
Refunds are available upon written application.
Refunds are available when a vending machine malfunctions.
Refunds are available when the payment plan overpays the student account.
Refunds are available within seven days from the date of the purchase of the permit.
Refunds are available.
Refunds are by check.
Refunds are dependent on students having paid more than the minimum required tuition.
Refunds are discretionary.
Refunds are either system-generated or manual.
Refunds are for all full days students reside off campus.
Refunds are for damaged pieces only.
Refunds are for full purchase price, excluding delivery charges.
Refunds are for merchandise only.
Refunds are for the actual price of the item only, shipping charges are non-refundable.
Refunds are generally available the following business day after the cancellation announcement.
Refunds are in the form of a check only.
Refunds are in the form of a credit good for the next season of participation.
Refunds are in the form of credit to the charge card number used in the original purchase.
Refunds are less any deposits lost to vendors.
Refunds are less common.
Refunds are limited and fall within a very condensed time frame.
Refunds are limited to defective merchandise.
Refunds are limited to registration fees.
Refunds are limited to students who comply with withdrawal procedures.
Refunds are limited to the amount charged.
Refunds are limited to the amount of the purchase item.
Refunds are limited to the purchase price.
Refunds are made to the payer only and standard refund policies apply.
Refunds are mailed to the address provided at time refund is requested.
Refunds are never to be made from cash receipts .
Refunds are on a case by case basis.
Refunds are on a prorated basis, dependent upon the time of cancellation.
Refunds are only applicable for students withdrawing from all classes.
Refunds are only applicable to cancellations received in writing.
Refunds are only available at the point of purchase.
Refunds are only available for current accounts that submit a refund request in writing.
Refunds are only available if an event is cancelled.
Refunds are only available to the original purchaser of an item.
Refunds are only possible if the property is re-let.
Refunds are payments.
Refunds are possible if reservation can be rebooked on a night to night basis.
Refunds are possible if the club is advised two weeks prior to the first class.
Refunds are possible only with two weeks notice, no exceptions .
Refunds are possible.
Refunds are pro-rated according to time passed in the activity.
Refunds are pro-rated according to time spent in the activity.
Refunds are pro-rated on credit courses of less than semester length.
Refunds are pro-rated to the portion of class completed before withdrawal.
Refunds are pro-rated weekly for three weeks from the first day of class.
Refunds are rare.
Refunds are subject to a cancellation fee.
Refunds are subject to applicable departmental policies.
Refunds are subject to certain determinations.
Refunds are subject to certain restrictions.
Refunds are subject to federal and state income tax withholding.
Refunds are subject to return of goods.
Refunds are subject to tax withholding according to federal and state tax law.
Refunds are subject to the following cancellation schedule.
Refunds are subject to the following criteria.
Refunds are subject to the individual policy of selected accommodation.
Refunds are subject to the refund conditions of the insurance company holding the policy.
Refunds are subject to the return policy listed above.
Refunds are subject to the tuition refund schedule.
Refunds are subject to the withholding of any advances made on federal loans.
Refunds are the same as deposits Domestic Beer is exempted from being registered.
Refunds are up over last year as well.
Refunds arrive in four days.
Refunds attract a booking fee.
Refunds begin the third week of the term.
Refunds can be from financial aid, student loans or tuition on a canceled class.
Refunds can only be for the full account balance.
Refunds can only be in GB pounds on a British cheque, or credit card refund.
Refunds can result in penalties.
Refunds can take over a month to come through.
Refunds can take up to five weeks to be processed.
Refunds can take up to six weeks to be processed.
Refunds can take up to three months to be processed.
Refunds Check the academic calendar for full and half refund date for each session.
Refunds come in four annual installments.
Refunds cover product purchase price plus any applicable sales tax.
Refunds exclude shipping and taxes.
Refunds exclude shipping.
Refunds follow the schedule as posted below.
Refunds given if notified before the class begins.
Refunds normally take a minimum of four weeks to be processed.
Refunds normally take four to six weeks to process .
Refunds only apply to tuition, room, board and activity fee charges.
Refunds provide a sound justification for lavish spending somewhere special.
Refunds range from a full day to a full month.
Refunds receive market rate interest.
Refunds Refer to the school catalog for details.
Refunds require a signed request from a parent.
Refunds require cancellation two or more days prior to the scheduled arrival date.
Refunds require copy of original invoice.
Refunds require four to six weeks for processing.
Refunds require seven day notice of cancellation.
Refunds take a few weeks to process.
Refunds take a minimum of five weeks to process.
Refunds take about four to six weeks to receive.
Refunds take about four weeks.
Refunds take about two weeks and confirmation is immediate.
Refunds take about two weeks.
Refunds take approximately four weeks to be processed.
Refunds take approximately four weeks to process.
Refunds take approximately three to four weeks to process.
Refunds take approximately three weeks to process after notification is received.
Refunds take approximately twenty working days to process.
Refunds take approximately two weeks to process.
Refunds take four to six weeks to process.
Refunds take four weeks to process.
Refunds take from four to six weeks to be processed and are mailed directly to the student .
Refunds take from two to four weeks to process.
Refunds take from two to three weeks to process.
Refunds take six to eight weeks to be processed.
Refunds take six to eight weeks.
Refunds take two to four weeks to process.
Refunds take two to three weeks.
Refunds take up to four weeks to process.
Refunds take up to six weeks to process.
Refunds tend to be somewhat unpopular, though.
Refunds There are no refunds.
Refunds typically take from four to six weeks to be processed.
Refunds typically take up to four weeks to process after they are approved.
Refunds vary according to the appropriate deadlines and types of materials.
Refunds sometimes can take up to two billing cycles if paid by credit card.
Refunds usually require two to four weeks for processing.
Refunds usually take three to six weeks to process.
All refunds apply to instructional, general and non-resident fees only.
All refunds are at the discrection of management.
All refunds are by personal check even if the item was paid for by credit card.
All refunds are contingent on the student's full compliance with official withdrawal procedures.
All refunds are contingent upon the date of the written notification.
All refunds are dependent on the amount of service provided.
All refunds are exclusive of finance charges.
All refunds are for credit only.
All refunds are for raw food cost only.
All refunds are for the full purchase price less shipping.
All refunds are less the financial aid trust fee and recreational center fee, if paid.
All refunds are payable in the same manner as the original purchase.
All refunds are pro-rated based on the date of withdrawal.
All refunds are subject to a processing fee.
All refunds are subject to a request for reimbursement of fees.
All refunds are subject to approval.
All refunds are subject to incurred costs for hotel, air and ground services where applicable.
All refunds are subject to presentation of official documentation.
All refunds are subject to presentation of official military documentation.
All refunds are subject to the discretion of the store manager.
All refunds are subject to verification by an auditor at a later date.
All refunds are to be calculated from the first day of classes of a given semester or term.
All refunds are to the original buyer.
All refunds exclude shipping and handling charges.
All refunds exclude shipping charges.
All refunds require a valid cash register receipt.
All refunds require original store receipt.
All refunds require that the student complete an official withdrawal form.
All refunds take approximately six weeks to process.
All refunds take approximately two weeks to be processed and mailed.
All refunds take eight to ten weeks to process.
Any refund amounts, however, are confidential.
Any refund is subject to the percentage refund schedule.
Any refunds are at the sole discretion and subject to the policies of the suppliers.
Any refunds are entirely at the discretion of the directors.
Any refunds are less packaging and shipping.
Most refunds are available during the first weeks of the quarter.
Most refunds are the result of financial aid in excess of university charges.
Most refunds take six to eight weeks.
Some refunds ask for a code number copied from the product package.
Refundable compensation works better when the programmer is an independent contractor.
Refundable credits appear as negative liabilities.
Refundable credits are always worth in real dollars what they're worth on paper.
Refundable credits provide assistance to families with incomes too low to claim traditional credits.
Refundable deposit is required.
Refundable tokens convey a share of the available terminal time.
Refunded contributions are to be treated as taxable income.
Refundings are payments.
Refurb parts are an alternative to new and sometimes can accommodate a line down situation.
Refurb prices are lower as available. .
Refurbished look is very pleasing.
Refurbishment costs are only a fraction of what it costs to purchase new gear.
Refurbishment photos are available in a new photo album.
A refusal is denial
Refusal can lead to arrest, serving of a court order, and a charge of contempt of court.
Refusal can result in being sent to a prison camp.
Refusal carries the risk of being teased, taunted or ousted from the group of friends.
Refusal is also grounds for suspension or revocation of any certificate or rating.
Refusal is based solely on the behaviour of the person.
Refusal is disobedience.
Refusal is one year revocation.
Refusal is punishable with a sentence of two years.
Refusal is treated the same as a high degree of intoxication.
Refusal means something.
Refusal thus stands for the indescribable personality within.
Refusal voids any job offer.
Refusals are a particularly important part of that growth.
Refusals are denial.
Refusals are messages.
Refusals turn into acceptances.
Refusal usually has to do with commercial use or unsavory brand appropriation.
Any refusal is looked at from each individual employee s view.
Any refusal now is because they already know what the answer is going to be.
Most refusals occur after paramedic evaluation.
Refuse is waste
Refuse rides in cars that have door locks controlled by the driver.
All refuse is removed and reported to the DNR for reference.
Refutation is a complete waste of time and effort.
Refutation is answers.
Refutation is evidence
Refutation is evident, but incomplete.
Refutation is the overturning of some given fact.
Refutation is the process of finding flaws in the opponent s arguments, reasoning and evidence.
Refutation requires empirical support d.
Refutation takes up over four-fifths of the third affirmative and negative speeches.
Regal mountains rise from tidewater to overlook a mostly undeveloped, isolated landscape.
Regal seed are readily available and well adapted statewide.
Regal tangs are shy algae eaters.
Regal team removes bolts connecting fuselage and separates wing from fuselage.
Regalia is a clothing
Regalia ordering information is included within the mailing packet sent to each candidate.
Regard is a detail
Regard is affection.
Regard is greeting.
Regard is to be had to the special importance of the public interest in freedom of expression.
Regard offers an excellent opportunity for researchers to publicise their work.
Regard spills as extremely hazardous and clean up promptly.
Regards also offers handy printing formats.
Regards reprints, here's a useful trick.
Some regard eclipses as the cutting off of sunlight by a shadow.
Regardless parents are still more strict on girls.
A regatta is meet
Regatta check measurement and rating services.
Regatta cover for hull and plank.
Regatta does the simple things, such as grilling and frying, well.
Regatta is an annual event which includes numerous one-design fleets from throughout the ares.
Regatta raises money for Alaskan charities.
Regatta reaches the finish line.
Regattas are fun events that many of our members participate in.
Regattas are meet.
Regattas are sailboat races.
Regattas take precedence over classes.
Most regattas are in early fall and offer chances for novices to try competition.
Most regattas have events for all the family to join in after the serious racing is over.
Most regattas have strict limits on the type of boats which enter.
Regclean cleans registry from all the trash, dead links etc.
Regency Park has big balconies, a hot asset to attract Caucasian expats.
Regency Park has very big balconies but many units have dated kitchen cabinets and bathrooms.
Regency romances tend to highlight particular gender issues.
A regency is a rule
Regencies are positions.
Regencies are rules.
Regency can create a distinctive online store that can produce results.
Regency has the experience and security that players worldwide have enjoyed and come to expect.
Regency is a fine provider of raised printed and genuine engraved wedding stationery.
Regency is a safe, reliable and confidential place to enjoy online gaming action.
Regency is almost always better.
Regency is perhaps one of the narrowest frameworks in which to set a romance.
Regency is proficient in the critical dynamics of real estate.
Regency is the next period of formation.
Regency manufactures the finest fireplace products in the world.
Regency offers the best and most effective locations in Southern California.
Regency Offers the finest in freestanding gas stoves and inserts.
Regency organizes and holds art auctions on behalf of nonprofit corporations.
Regency produces two gas fireplaces with limitless facia choices.
Regency provides customers a safe, convenient and entirely legal wagering environment.
Regency uses a standing pilot ignition system, just like a gas water heater.
Regency uses silver bullet.
Regency uses Web contactors periodically on projects.
Most Regencies focus on the aristocracy.
Regenerate men have two opposite moral tendencies contesting for empire in their hearts.
Some regenerate pasture has conservation values.
Some regenerate pasture has values.
Regenerate people are new creations.
Every regenerate person believes the gospel.
Some regenerate tails consist of cartilaginous materials.
Some regenerate tails consist of materials.
Regeneration absolutely has a bearing on salvation, and therefore is a primary doctrine.
Regeneration appears to be sufficient and the tree is sometimes planted on farmland.
Regeneration arises from decay.
Regeneration begins when a set volume has been used.
Regeneration can also mean the replacement of lost body parts.
Regeneration can also replace body parts in certain organisms.
Regeneration can cut downtime in half when soloing.
Regeneration can occur even after the application software is implemented.
Regeneration can occur through sprouting from rhizome fragments in the substrate.
Regeneration can take up to a year.
Regeneration comes from natural seedfall, direct seeding or by planting seedlings.
Regeneration consists of stripping with low pressure steam followed by air drying.
Regeneration contains three types of fiber to maintain intestinal integrity.
Regeneration creates a sludge problem.
Regeneration critically turns on the individual member.
Regeneration cuts in aspen, oak thinnings, and some salvage.
Regeneration depends on growth from dormant buds on protected stem portions and rhizomes.
Regeneration does the same thing.
Regeneration follows degeneration.
Regeneration follows generation in the development of man.
Regeneration implies a form of re-creation, or to make over, into a better form or condition.
Regeneration indicates the ability to regrow a missing part.
Regeneration involves soaking the beads or zeolite in a stream of sodium ions.
Regeneration involves the overthrow of the ruling loves of self and the world.
Regeneration is a complete change.
Regeneration is a form of mitosis, where body parts can be regrown.
Regeneration is a gradual process taking many years, involving effort, love, good works.
Regeneration is a magazine dedicated to matters of faith and culture for a new generation.
Regeneration is a mental necessity.
Regeneration is a momentary act, bringing a person from spiritual death to life.
Regeneration is a moral necessity.
Regeneration is a mystery.
Regeneration is a process by which organisms develop or regenerate their lost or worn-out parts.
Regeneration is a reconstruction
Regeneration is a spiritual quickening, a new birth.
Regeneration is a whole change.
Regeneration is absent while riverbanks are broken down by cattle watering in the river.
Regeneration is accomplished either by helicopter or by hand.
Regeneration is achieved by introducing a concentrated sodium solution into the resin bed.
Regeneration is achieved by ultrafiltration and the freezing out of soda.
Regeneration is also necessary from the viewpoint of man.
Regeneration is an asexual method of reproduction.
Regeneration is an instantaneous work.
Regeneration is an intensely solemn thing.
Regeneration is another form of asexual reproduction.
Regeneration is another word for the same thing.
Regeneration is automatic and based on conductivity readings.
Regeneration is automatic and flow-meter initiated.
Regeneration is birth, sanctification is growth.
Regeneration is carried out by eluting the column with a concentrated solution of the desired ion.
Regeneration is carried out through direct sowing and seedlings.
Regeneration is clearly a new creation, and is clearly central to salvation.
Regeneration is clearly superior to any kind of transplantation or artificial tissues.
Regeneration is common in plants, where cuttings can grow into a new plant.
Regeneration is common in plants.
Regeneration is controlled by a potentiometer across the feedback winding of the tuning coil.
Regeneration is done counterflow to the process flow direction.
Regeneration is finally about leadership.
Regeneration is good in wet areas.
Regeneration is great at lower levels and it remains useful even at higher ones.
Regeneration is imminent.
Regeneration is increasingly easier than retrieval.
Regeneration is instantaneous and is accomplished solely by the power of the Holy Spirit.
Regeneration is instantaneous.
Regeneration is just that.
Regeneration is mainly by root suckering following cutting of tree.
Regeneration is minima or absent.
Regeneration is necessary for two reasons.
Regeneration is never the context.
Regeneration is now a part of the training schedule as a whole.
Regeneration is of the counter-current type.
Regeneration is offered.
Regeneration is one and the same in all saints.
Regeneration is permanent.
Regeneration is presumably by seed.
Regeneration is repair on the large scale.
Regeneration is resurgent morphogenesis.
Regeneration is revival.
Regeneration is simply the pulse-beat of the eternal life throbbing in human hearts.
Regeneration is simultaneous with the new birth.
Regeneration is the ability of the stem cells to divide and produce new neurons.
Regeneration is the ability to re-grow lost body parts.
Regeneration is the beginning of that change.
Regeneration is the beginning of the ongoing renewal in the life of a believer.
Regeneration is the development of a new organism for a part of the parent organism.
Regeneration is the development of a new organism from a part of the parent organism.
Regeneration is the development of a new organism from part of the parent organism.
Regeneration is the effect produced by the Holy Spirit in effectual calling.
Regeneration is the impartation of divine life effecting a change in the believer's nature.
Regeneration is the initiation and the center of our experience of salvation .
Regeneration is the method by which plants reproduce themselves.
Regeneration is the new birth, sanctification is the growth that necessarily results from it.
Regeneration is the process of burning off the collected particulate by means of oxidation.
Regeneration is the reactivation of development so that a missing body part grows back .
Regeneration is the reactivation of development so that a missing body part grows back.
Regeneration is the root and sanctification is the bud, blossom and fruit which it produces.
Regeneration is the same thing as being born again.
Regeneration is the theological word applied here.
Regeneration is then unlikely even if the shrub is watered and trimmed later.
Regeneration is therefore a spiritual resurrection.
Regeneration is through seed.
Regeneration is what happens to the spirit of the believer.
Regeneration is when part of a living organism is cut off and that part grows back.
Regeneration is when there is a new organism that is formed from part of the parent organism.
Regeneration isa process.
Regeneration means breathing new life into what has come from the past.
Regeneration normally occurs within four months.
Regeneration occurs at a furious speed beneath the white oak tree.
Regeneration occurs in both plants and animals.
Regeneration occurs on the southwest end and occasionally cloud rotation develops.
Regeneration occurs when a part of a simple organism seperates and makes an entire new organism.
Regeneration occurs when part of an animal breaks off and the animal grows it back.
Regeneration precedes faith.
Regeneration processes at some reach.
Regeneration puts on new events each month.
Regeneration Receive a set number of health and armor every second.
Regeneration refers to a total cellular make-over.
Regeneration refers to reversing the ion exchange operation.
Regeneration relies on development.
Regeneration requires an addition of phytohormones to the medium.
Regeneration shows some specialized cells can switch fates.
Regeneration takes place in the gaps that occur when old trees fall.
Regeneration thus is relative and is determined or influenced by the part affected.
Regeneration uses bioelectric energy to heal wounds.
Regeneration always results in a new way of living.
Regeneration usually takes up to one year to complete.
Most regeneration relies on development.
Some regeneration affects responses.
Some regeneration becomes considerable problems.
Some regeneration becomes problems.
Some regeneration follows fire.
Some regeneration involves responses.
Some regeneration occurs at the cut ends of fibres.
Some regeneration requires ability.
Regenerative capacities differ between the peripheral nervous system and central nervous system.
Regenerative cells are very small and form a layer just beneath the basal lamina of the ampulla.
Regenerative cycles communicate clear messages of hope and continuity amidst fragmented daily life.
Regenerative effects help to soften wrinkles and treat fine lines around the eyes.
Regenerative energy is sky-rocketing in Germany.
Regenerative feedback is another name for positive feedback.
Regenerative heating is one of the stages in suction gas heating.
Regenerative procedures are lengthy.
Regenerative procedures are unpredictable and often times require a second surgery.
Regenerative repeaters are complex opto-electronic devices.
Regenerative repeaters create brand new pulses to send along the line.
Regent bowerbirds are fruit eaters and live mainly in the upper levels of forest trees.
Regent bowerbirds are important members of native ecosystems.
Regent bowerbirds breed once yearly.
Regent bowerbirds have bowerbirds.
Regent bowerbirds have population size.
Regent bowerbirds have size.
Regent bowerbirds prefer dense trees and gullies.
Regent bowerbirds spread wings.
Most regent bowerbirds have bowerbirds.
Most regent bowerbirds have population size.
Most regent bowerbirds have size.
Most regent bowerbirds spread wings.
Regent Park is great golf course, and Springfield is going to be great.
Regent parrots are popular in captivity.
A regent is a member
Regent also offers a number of degree programs via the Internet.
Regent also offers doctorates in communication and leadership studies.
Regent combines theatrical, television and Internet expertise.
Regent describes the situation in Kazakhstan as ''difficult''.
Regent develops three basic community models to provide options, choice, and appropriate care.
Regent embraces the Judeo-Christian tradition and enjoys a highly ecumenical environment.
Regent entre os melhores do mundo.
Regent fights for the ball.
Regent has an excellent reputation among seasoned travelers.
Regent has many friends and alumni in the area.
Regent hears complaints about student testing .
Regent is a distinctive school with a distinct mission.
Regent is a great hotel.
Regent is a holding company in the radio broadcasting business.
Regent is a superior clone.
Regent is an environment designed for living.
Regent is blessed to have many donors who help offset the total cost of education.
Regent is committed to providing support for students to the extent that our resources permit.
Regent is designed to deliver the right messages to a specifically targeted audience.
Regent is surrounded by an abundance of waterways and a kaleidoscope of historic sites.
Regent is the only university in South Hampton Roads to offer a law degree.
Regent isa member.
Regent now stands as one of the fastest growing universities in America.
Regent offers predominantly graduate-level study.
Regent offers selected titles in Regent bindings.
Regent offers two models of housing for residents with a primary diagnosis of dementia.
Regent places high importance on the whole student.
Regent prepares men and women to make a positive impact upon American society and the world.
Regent provides a hybrid of a limited on-campus residency with most of the curriculum online.
Regents also approve the first degree candidates in technical colleges.
Regents approve resolutions , partnership with bookseller.
Regents approve science and tech.
Regents are analogous to board or council members in other organizations.
Regents are interested in course content.
Regents are public officials.
Regents are responsible for updating any rate changes into their payroll system.
Regents are rulers.
Regents are to make awards on the basis of plans submitted by campuses.
Regents attempts to operate as an extension of the family.
Regents attend other events also, such as special meetings and visits to campuses.
Regents authorize new physical education building.
Regents authorize resumption of investments in companies doing business in South Africa.
Regents can do a great deal to maximize the benefits of educational programs.
Regents drive is the first street encountered traveling west of the turnpike on Colorado.
Regents fund a new library for the college.
Regents have (part) arms.
Regents have (part) body substances.
Regents have (part) cell membranes.
Regents have (part) cells.
Regents have (part) corpi.
Regents have (part) cytoplasm.
Regents have (part) heads.
Regents have (part) human bodies.
Regents have (part) legs.
Regents have (part) material bodies.
Regents have (part) necks.
Regents have (part) nuclei.
Regents have (part) personality.
Regents have (part) plasma membranes.
Regents have (part) sections.
Regents have (part) vacuoles.
Regents have degrees.
Regents have eight-year terms, while the student member serves for two years.
Regents have the ability to exclude university investments in individual stocks.
Regents have ultimate say on whether the recommendations get approved.
Regents have unilateral power to make decisions which affect students.
Regents hear report, recommendations on ag.
Regents hold frequent open forums for gauging public opinion about different subjects.
Regents ignore advisory panel.
Regents impose student tuition for the first time.
Regents incorporate by charter.
Regents is actually a baby in British terms.
Regents is very modern.
Regents plan to put more weight on diversity in job evaluations given university presidents.
Regents propose innovative educational reforms.
Regents receive no salary but are compensated for travel expenses.
Regents recommend two-year budget.
Regents serve a maximum of two three-year terms.
Regents serve eight-year terms and are chosen during general elections by voters statewide.
Regents serve six-year terms, with the exception of a student regent who serves for two years.
Regents serve staggered six-year terms, making four seats open every two years.
Regents serve without compensation.
Regents serve without pay for six-year terms.
Regents start work on final budget One year.
Regents swear to uphold and defend the U.S. Constitution and the California Constitution.
Regents vote to add two more to the board.
Most regents are alumni.
Most regents have degrees.
Some regents are adamant that no new programs be accepted.
Some regents continue war.
Some regents ensure tasks.
Some regents follow death.
Some regents help aspects.
Regents college offers exams which satisfy requirements for professional education.
Regents exams are academically more rigorous than RCTs.
Regents exams are three weeks away.
Regexec performance is poor.
Regexp patterns are typically much smaller than sequences.
Reggae artists sing and perform, but they are the actors as well.
Most Reggae fans attribute their first exposure to the music to their college years.
Reggae music has, and continues to leave an impact on the international scene.
Reggae music is a powerful instrument for change in a world that sorely needs transformation.
Reggae music is designed to uplift, comfort and awake the masses.
Reggae music is everywhere, evoking a pleasantly hypnotic ambience.
Reggae music is much more than just drum, bass, strings, and words strung together.
Reggae music is much more than melody and sounds.
Reggae music is music for the oppressed, it's a music of hope.
Reggae music is pumped in to complete the scene.
Reggae music is quite prominent today in the United States, parts of Africa, and of course Jamaica.
Reggae music is the face Jamaica displays for itself.
Reggae music is the popular music of the movement.
Reggae music is the uncensored truth.
Reggae music is very much an inversion of traditional rock music.
Reggae music is very popular and influenzas many young adults.
Reggae music is very popular, underground, in America.
Reggae music livens a catamaran cruise to one of Jamaica's most beautiful coves.
Reggae music pushes audio equipment to the extreme.
Reggae music seems to have moved to a less positive type of music.
Reggae people can recognize each other on the street.
Regime change is obviuolsly desirable.
Regime theory is a theory of the formation of channels in material carried by the stream.
A regime is polity
Regime is very active in the propaganda for separation of man and woman.
Regime is well to the right of centre.
Regimes are a new and important concept in the management of Pacific salmon.
Regimes are extractive regimes based on clientelism.
Regimes are what other nations have.
Regimes can, of course, change very quickly.
Regimes have an easier time with their persecutions if no one is watching.
Regimes vary as much as one can vary the form or arrangement of rule among the parts.
All regimes attempt to stay in power by improving the situation of their countries.
All regimes pay lip-service to representative government.
All regimes promise happiness, but dreadful things have happened in that name.
All regimes require consent for secondary uses.
Any regime based on such a method is fatally flawed.
Any regime can work, they argue, provided it is backed by sound economic fundamentals.
Any regime introduced from the outside is usually a problem.
Every regime claims to stand above classes, safeguarding the interests of the whole.
Every regime craves international legitimacy of some sort.
Many regimes profess to be on the side of the common man.
Some regimes are better with some therapists and for some patients.
Some regimes have a real material interest in limiting confrontation.
A regimen is a program
Regimen adheres to the health system's medication use policies.
Regimen is appropriate for the disease states being treated.
Regimen slows diabetic complications.
Regimens are complex and doses vary depending on a patient's weight and body surface area.
Regimens are complex and doses vary depending on patients weight and body surface area.
Regimens are plans.
Regimens are usually unrealistic.
Regimens change, doses get adjusted, or people die.
Regimens currently are three-drug therapy requiring specific times for taking each day.
Regimens vary from centre to centre.
All regimens are in adult dosages only.
Many regimens are extremely complex, toxic and produce debilitating side effects.
Many regimens produce undesirable sedative effects or side reactions.
Most regimens have side effects that, for some, outweigh the benefits.
Most regimens use a combination of chemotherapy with or without radiation.
Some regimens also add other drugs, such as asparaginase or cyclophosphamide.
Some regimens mix very well with chemotherapy.
Some regimens profoundly improve the quality of life for many women.
A regiment is a force
Regiments are clannish, and companies are clannish.
Regiments evacuate bodies to that point.
Regiments often take their name from a one-time association with the royal family.
All regiments are New York regiments, unless otherwise noted.
All regiments have their own monument.
Most regiments have three steps.
Regimental guards patrol the light.
Regimental guards stand watch in front of sherbert-colored houses.
Regimental rosters are of little help.
Regimental staffs plan for and provide security from ground and air attacks.
Regimentation is a characteristic of totalitarian societies.
Regimentation is imposition
Regimentation spells the doom of initiative.
Regimentings are controllings.
Region codes are part of the DVD specification.
Region codes prevent playback of certain DVDs in certain geographical regions.
Region coding is one bit on the disc, which the player checks.
Region growing means that voxels are collected starting from a set of seed points.
Region inference infers a region for each object.
Regions of interest are generally small subsets of the simulation.
Every region of Turkey is now a region of war.
Region V is made up of Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio and Wisconsin.
Region V is made up of schools in Illinois, Indiana, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Ontario and Manitoba.
A region is a location
Region also covers all adjoining States in the U.S., and Alaska.
Region appears to be in decay phase.
Region cheat in several week but spoke egyptian food.
Region checking The dvd player checks the regional coding of the dvd disc.
Region combines maps, a major tool of geographers, with culture to identify patterns.
Region continues in decay phase mostly in trailing area.
Region continues in slow decay phase.
Region continues to decay and become less complex since yesterday.
Region continues to decay mostly in the trailing spots.
Region continues to devolop positive polarity satellite spots.
Region continues to grow and increase in magnetic complexity.
Region continues to operate within Resources.
Region continues to slowly decay.
Region continues to slowly develope in magnetic complexity.
Region continues to slowly grow.
Region Enter the traveler's abbreviated state name.
Region Enter the vendor's abbreviated state name.
Region first appears in London, Ontario.
Region has a common, consistent and recognizable email system.
Region has a well devopled trailing spot now.
Region has east-west running neutral line making the orientation of spots north and south.
Region has mixed polarities mostly in the trailing irregular shaped spots.
Region has mixed polarity and an abnormal rotation.
Region has of little monkey hence swell all american power pull corp.
Region has of little monkey hence swell inca table saws.
Region has of little monkey hence swell tile spacers.
Region has two delta configurations and several areas of strong mixing.
Region includes California and Nevada, with members throughout the western states.
Region involves how far the bank can move paper for same-day processing.
Region is a contiguous set.
Region is a mixture of the new and old.
Region is a specific data type.
Region is an area that has many different places in it, all of which are the same in some way.
Region is area surrounded with administrational boundaries.
Region is blown out.
Region is categorical while score is continuous.
Region is disrupted.
Region is huge.
Region is important.
Region is in early phase of resource life cycle.
Region is in mature phase of resource life cycle.
Region is known as the Valley of the Sun.
Region is large and rural, with fewer teachers and tech people.
Region is now in a slow decay phase.
Region is on the west limb.
Region is prime for a resident ballet company.
Region is south of Spain.
Region is stable or is in beginning of decay.
Region is still bright in H-alpha.
Region is the cradle of modern civilization.
Region is the hiking region defined on the main hiking page .
Region isa location.
Region know through none pool billiards.
Region Learn more about medicinal plants here.
Region lies separate form the rest of Europe.
Region located between the pubic arch anteriorly, coccyx posteriorly, ischial laterally.
Region locates regions of constant luminance and Find.
Region looks at differences between the jobs.
Region maintains greatest level of oversight.
Region makes a big difference.
Region makes Offer like neglect with that polartec duffle coat whether swing before many strength.
Region means region of the country for which the fees are reported.
Region means two or more States participating in the project.
Region now has a large leading spot and a delta configuration has formed in the trailing spot.
Region now has a well developed leading spot and serveral scattered trailing spots.
Region occupied by the button is specified in the constructor.
Region remains dry.
Region remains green.
Region s leading VCs meet Malaysian new-economy companies.
Region shows decay in the leading spots but some growth in the trailing spots.
Region shows stronger mixing than a couple of days ago also.
Region still remains small and compact.
Region supports efforts to minimize grant reports.
Region takes conservative view.
Regions allow for faster vector analysis.
Regions also have their own agendas, traditions, and special concerns.
Regions also introduce a new level of subsetting of existing surfaces.
Regions also play into the salary mix.
Regions also provide field equipment, such as goals, nets and flags.
Regions also vary significantly in their capacity to generate employment.
Regions anticipates continued cost benefits over time, as well.
Regions appear in alphabetical order.
Regions appear stable.
Regions are a coverage feature class that repesent a spatial feature as one or more polygons.
Regions are a fruitful source of ideas.
Regions are a useful way to organize information.
Regions are always artificial and are generalizations which contain exceptions.
Regions are areas of the state that span or encompass multiple counties.
Regions are areas that are unified in some way and give identity to the people living there.
Regions are areas that reside within the state.
Regions are basically upper memory blocks.
Regions are different in their characteristics, yet they often have similar planning needs.
Regions are disjoint and their union is the whole image.
Regions are divisions of Earth space which are similar or linked in some way.
Regions are dominated by vegetation.
Regions are explicit coordinate spaces.
Regions are free to go beyond the GCR minimums at their discretion.
Regions are free to opt for open or closed board meetings.
Regions are fundamental organizing units of geography.
Regions are geographical associations.
Regions are groups of counties.
Regions are human constructs that can be mapped and analyzed.
Regions are increasingly autonomous as well.
Regions are locations.
Regions are North America versus Eurasian sites.
Regions are perfect for asking questions concerning intersection, adjacency, and containment.
Regions are responsible for all program implementation.
Regions are responsible for developing and implementing station-specific system management policy.
Regions are responsible for ensuring that inspectors are assessed regularly.
Regions are responsible for forwarding all documentation as required.
Regions are responsible for planning and coordinating their own conferences.
Regions are simply ways of organizing our own descriptions of the world.
Regions are sites.
Regions are states.
Regions are the basic building blocks of a piece.
Regions are the partnership between specific geographic synods and the churchwide organization.
Regions are thus important players in the global economy.
Regions are to geographers as time periods are to historians.
Regions are used as a basic framework for description and comparison.
Regions ask difficult questions.
Regions assemble judges to select winners.
Regions become sources.
Regions can assimilate and spread new ideas and policies.
Regions can be any size.
Regions can be arbitrarily long, arbitrarily overlapping, and arbitrarily nested.
Regions can be departmental turf, geographical areas, or both.
Regions can be discontinuous.
Regions can be formal, functional, or vernacular.
Regions can be geographically distinct habitats like mountain vs. flatland .
Regions can be geographically distinct habitats like mountain vs. flatland.
Regions can include states, counties, zip codes, census tracts, or block groups.
Regions can receive inquiry names from the party via e-mail.
Regions can shape their economic future.
Regions can spend the reserve on eligible work in the preservation and improvement subprograms.
Regions change over months.
Regions Click on a region to see detailed information about branch locations in that area.
Regions Click on the region to see openings in that area.
Regions Click the region to jump to the contact person for that area.
Regions conclude local competition in the spring.
Regions conduct conferences and competitions in the fall within their own area and members.
Regions consist of both student and professional chapters.
Regions consolidate tickets with similar values to create a market.
Regions contain atoms.
Regions contain cavities.
Regions contain elements.
Regions contain habitats.
Regions contain materials.
Regions contain skeletal elements.
Regions contain suitable habitats.
Regions contain tissue.
Regions contain vegetation.
Regions contain water.
Regions contain xylem tissue.
Regions contribute records and locations and in return receive the full database.
Regions contribute to development.
Regions contribute to economic development.
Regions contribute to results.
Regions correspond to density.
Regions cover areas.
Regions covered include eastern and western Europe.
Regions covered include Europe, Latin America, the United States, and the Middle East.
Regions covered include Western Europe and Russia, the Americas and Asia.
Regions covered include Western Europe and Russia, the Americas, and Asia.
Regions currently being studied include the Southern Ocean and North Atlantic.
Regions depend on climates.
Regions differ producing differing sets of plants and animal species.
Regions divide the world into manageable units for geographic study.
Regions dominated by anticyclones tend to have light winds and generally clear skys.
Regions equalize in wealth.
Regions experience annual temperature.
Regions experience blizzards.
Regions experience climates.
Regions experience darkness.
Regions experience dry seasons.
Regions experience earthquakes.
Regions experience eclipse.
Regions experience erosion.
Regions experience fog.
Regions experience frequent fog.
Regions experience heavy rain.
Regions experience high temperature.
Regions experience long dry seasons.
Regions experience major earthquakes.
Regions experience rain.
Regions experience seasons.
Regions experience temperate climates.
Regions experience temperature.
Regions experience total eclipse.
Regions experience urbanization.
Regions experience wind erosion.
Regions extend from surfaces.
Regions fight over resources.
Regions generally hold one conference each year, focusing on continuing development topics.
Regions generate their own enthusiasm.
Regions generate wind.
Regions get heavy rain.
Regions get little sunlight.
Regions get precipitation.
Regions get rain.
Regions get rainfall.
Regions get sunlight.
Regions grow and decline for a variety of reasons, many of which are market-driven.
Regions grow citrus plants.
Regions grow plants.
Regions guided by dashed lines include influence of the microwave instability.
Regions has six acquisitions pending in Georgia, Alabama, Arkansas and Florida.
Regions have a good measure of self-government under regional councils.
Regions have additional properties.
Regions have advantage.
Regions have assessments of varying amounts.
Regions have atmospheric water.
Regions have bed capacity.
Regions have benefits of being together.
Regions have biodiversity.
Regions have capacity.
Regions have channels.
Regions have cities, counties and rivers included.
Regions have climates.
Regions have comparative advantage.
Regions have customs.
Regions have density.
Regions have different density.
Regions have discretion to decide which of the two provisions is appropriate for the site.
Regions have dry seasons.
Regions have electrical properties.
Regions have features.
Regions have food.
Regions have gravity.
Regions have habitats.
Regions have heat.
Regions have hot summer.
Regions have life.
Regions have light wind.
Regions have low density.
Regions have mangrove trees.
Regions have mild climates.
Regions have officers.
Regions have own customs.
Regions have patterns.
Regions have peculiar properties.
Regions have precipitation.
Regions have properties.
Regions have purple flags with silver emblems and lettering, identifying the Region.
Regions have quality.
Regions have rail transportation.
Regions have rain.
Regions have rainfall precipitation.
Regions have rainfall.
Regions have seasons.
Regions have snow.
Regions have some control over the activity of the communes.
Regions have some sort of characteristic that unifies the area.
Regions have stories.
Regions have structures.
Regions have summer.
Regions have sunlight.
Regions have terrains.
Regions have thickness.
Regions have to be convex, connected and without holes.
Regions have tradition.
Regions have transition zones.
Regions have transportation.
Regions have trees.
Regions have variation.
Regions have warm summer.
Regions have water.
Regions have wind.
Regions have zones.
Regions Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Regions hold the players and other objects for one screen of the world.
Regions include areas.
Regions include capital cities.
Regions include cities.
Regions include countries.
Regions include develop countries.
Regions include grassland.
Regions include major cities.
Regions is a search tool designed to help find data with a particular geographic dimension.
Regions is similar.
Regions is tough.
Regions lead to employment.
Regions Learn about the regions which comprise France.
Regions link Armenia, Iran, Lebanon, Pakistan, Turkey, etc.
Regions offer care.
Regions offer conditions.
Regions offer environmental conditions.
Regions offer favorable conditions.
Regions offer medical care.
Regions offer opportunity.
Regions offer tremendous opportunity.
Regions outlines the division of labor within the state.
Regions possess birds.
Regions possess butterflies.
Regions possess mammals.
Regions possess snakes.
Regions possess vertebrates.
Regions present barriers.
Regions present energy barriers.
Regions produce thunderstorms.
Regions produce violent thunderstorms.
Regions provide a context for discussing similarities and differences between parts of the world.
Regions provide examples.
Regions provide food.
Regions provide habitats.
Regions provide local activities and publish individuals newsletters with items of local interest.
Regions provide quality assurance for the data provided by the States within that Region.
Regions provide shelter.
Regions provide suitable habitats.
Regions receive abundant rainfall.
Regions receive abundant winter rainfall.
Regions receive energy input.
Regions receive heavy rainfall.
Regions receive heavy snowfall.
Regions receive input.
Regions receive plentiful rain.
Regions receive precipitation.
Regions receive rain.
Regions receive rainfall.
Regions receive snowfall.
Regions receive sunlight.
Regions receive winter rainfall.
Regions report growth.
Regions require low maintenance.
Regions require maintenance.
Regions see death.
Regions see snakebite death.
Regions select their RBCs however they choose.
Regions serviced include North America, Australasia, South Africa, and Europe.
Regions share complete sequence identities.
Regions share features.
Regions share identities.
Regions share sequence identities.
Regions sharing similar cultural traits are formal regions.
Regions show growth.
Regions show sustain growth.
Regions showing the sharp drop in transmission are indicative of defects such as, delaminations.
Regions specify the type of compression used.
Regions sponsor special education events such as leadership training, workshops and seminars.
Regions suffer from deficiencies.
Regions supply new blood to the central organisation.
Regions support eukaryotic life.
Regions support life.
Regions take part on a rotational basis.
Regions talk about separating from the province.
Regions tend to specialize in the production of whatever it is that they can best produce.
Regions used are dark, medium dark and bright region.
Regions vary in different sections.
Regions usually take great interest in such a program.
All regions are available.
All regions are examples of unity in diversity.
All regions contain stories of national interest.
All regions have an existing client base.
All regions have an extra day as a statutory holiday.
All regions have at least one except, region G and E that is northern Maine.
All regions have certain characteristics in common.
All regions have several test beds from different branches of industry.
All regions plan to meet and develop a more detailed plan to handle the additional traffic impacts.
All regions require that both parents appear in court for an adoption hearing.
Any region is valid, including positive and negative coordinates, and spanning of unit cells.
Every region comes under the supremacy of the constitution.
Every region does it differently.
Every region features a wide range of packages.
Every region has a comprehensive manual backup system to manage trains.
Every region has a different business cycle.
Every region has a different climate, geography, and community of living things.
Every region has a different forwarding address .
Every region has an executive and a training assistant.
Every region has by now good trainers who can assume the task.
Every region has only a single climax community towards which all communities are developing.
Every region has something different to try.
Every region has specialties, and there is most certainly a wine for every taste.
Every region is blessed with untold and untapped lodes of wealth available for our use.
Every region is included and people from all walks of life are included.
Every region is under the greatest challenge that they have ever faced.
Every region offers different foods and a wide range of wines and local beers.
Every region offers something a little bit special.
Every region reflects different demographics, different needs.
Many regions also offer course work to satisfy many of the Basic certification requirements.
Many regions also require permits to remove trees.
Many regions also sponsor production competitions.
Many regions are still only accessible by air.
Many regions are unfamiliar.
Many regions are worth discussing.
Many regions combine two shows into a weekend to reduce annual travel expenses.
Many regions deserve more interest.
Many regions encourage and support collaborations across member institutions.
Many regions face far more severe effects of natural capital depletion.
Many regions have a raptor rehabilitation center that cares for injured birds of prey.
Many regions have a regional viewing brochure and site-specific brochures.
Many regions have abundant, quality wind resources.
Many regions have magazines which set aside space for the announcement of upcoming community events.
Many regions have only one doctor, and some have none.
Many regions have several towns with the same name.
Many regions have starkly different microclimates .
Many regions have well-known symbolic icons which personify their cultural roots.
Many regions remain rainless for years.
Many regions run their own championships.
Many regions specialize in a particular commodity.
Many regions work together through state initiation.
Most regions also have their own local publications.
Most regions are dominated by vegetation.
Most regions are well represented, with the exception of Africa.
Most regions become sources.
Most regions bunch just below the all-Russian mean for students in higher education.
Most regions change over months.
Most regions contain about four or five districts.
Most regions contain atoms.
Most regions contain cavities.
Most regions contain elements.
Most regions contain habitats.
Most regions contain materials.
Most regions contain skeletal elements.
Most regions contain suitable habitats.
Most regions contain tissue.
Most regions contain vegetation.
Most regions contain water.
Most regions contain xylem tissue.
Most regions contribute to development.
Most regions contribute to economic development.
Most regions contribute to results.
Most regions correspond to density.
Most regions cover areas.
Most regions depend on climates.
Most regions experience annual temperature.
Most regions experience blizzards.
Most regions experience dry seasons.
Most regions experience earthquakes.
Most regions experience frequent fog.
Most regions experience heavy rain.
Most regions experience high temperature.
Most regions experience long dry seasons.
Most regions experience major earthquakes.
Most regions experience total eclipse.
Most regions experience wind erosion.
Most regions extend from surfaces.
Most regions generate wind.
Most regions get heavy rain.
Most regions get little sunlight.
Most regions get precipitation.
Most regions get rain.
Most regions get rainfall.
Most regions get sunlight.
Most regions grow citrus plants.
Most regions grow plants.
Most regions have a dispo clothing manufacturer to make union-mandated work clothing.
Most regions have a head office and district offices.
Most regions have a standard time and a daylight time and thus two possible abbreviations.
Most regions have active local chapters with regular meetings and activities.
Most regions have additional properties.
Most regions have advantage.
Most regions have atmospheric water.
Most regions have bed capacity.
Most regions have below average crime, with criminals concentrated in a few blighted areas.
Most regions have biodiversity.
Most regions have capacity.
Most regions have channels.
Most regions have climates.
Most regions have comparative advantage.
Most regions have customs.
Most regions have density.
Most regions have different density.
Most regions have dry seasons.
Most regions have electrical properties.
Most regions have food.
Most regions have gravity.
Most regions have habitats.
Most regions have heat.
Most regions have hot summer.
Most regions have life.
Most regions have light wind.
Most regions have low density.
Most regions have mangrove trees.
Most regions have mild climates.
Most regions have officers.
Most regions have patterns.
Most regions have peculiar properties.
Most regions have precipitation.
Most regions have properties.
Most regions have quality.
Most regions have rail transportation.
Most regions have rain.
Most regions have rainfall precipitation.
Most regions have rainfall.
Most regions have seasons.
Most regions have snow.
Most regions have stories.
Most regions have structures.
Most regions have summer.
Most regions have sunlight.
Most regions have terrains.
Most regions have their own specialties, but nowadays they can be found throughout Switzerland.
Most regions have thickness.
Most regions have tradition.
Most regions have transition zones.
Most regions have transportation.
Most regions have trees.
Most regions have variation.
Most regions have warm summer.
Most regions have water.
Most regions have wind.
Most regions have zones.
Most regions hold two or three meetings a year.
Most regions lead to employment.
Most regions meet on a monthly basis, full details are in the membership pack.
Most regions now have a regional newsletter in circulation.
Most regions offer a mix of thermal, ridge and wave flying.
Most regions offer care.
Most regions offer conditions.
Most regions offer environmental conditions.
Most regions offer favorable conditions.
Most regions offer local trainings as well.
Most regions offer medical care.
Most regions offer opportunity.
Most regions offer tremendous opportunity.
Most regions organize at least one annual project, meeting, or get-together.
Most regions possess birds.
Most regions possess butterflies.
Most regions possess mammals.
Most regions possess snakes.
Most regions possess vertebrates.
Most regions produce thunderstorms.
Most regions produce violent thunderstorms.
Most regions provide examples.
Most regions provide food.
Most regions provide habitats.
Most regions provide shelter.
Most regions provide suitable habitats.
Most regions receive abundant rainfall.
Most regions receive abundant winter rainfall.
Most regions receive energy input.
Most regions receive heavy rainfall.
Most regions receive heavy snowfall.
Most regions receive input.
Most regions receive plentiful rain.
Most regions receive precipitation.
Most regions receive rain.
Most regions receive rainfall.
Most regions receive snowfall.
Most regions receive sunlight.
Most regions receive winter rainfall.
Most regions report growth.
Most regions require low maintenance.
Most regions require maintenance.
Most regions see death.
Most regions see snakebite death.
Most regions share complete sequence identities.
Most regions share identities.
Most regions share sequence identities.
Most regions show damage reports to be spread somewhat more widely through the year than casualties.
Most regions show growth.
Most regions show sustain growth.
Most regions suffer from deficiencies.
Most regions support eukaryotic life.
Most regions support life.
Most regions use only quotations.
Most regions yield one crop of rice a year, i.e., middle late rice, but yield is low.
Some regions already have similar informal groups in existence today.
Some regions also award additional cash prizes of varying amounts.
Some regions also elect to send their high point dog each year.
Some regions also feature supplier exhibits.
Some regions also give an advantage to building cities thereon.
Some regions also publish a newsletter.
Some regions appear to be common to all forms of life, while others are highly variable.
Some regions are a little bit hotter than average and some regions are a little bit cooler.
Some regions are affected by indian ocean tsunamis.
Some regions are affected by tsunamis.
Some regions are as bright as snow and others are as dark as charcoal.
Some regions are best suited to truck farming and vegetable production.
Some regions are down to just half a day's supply of blood.
Some regions are egalitarian while others are authoritarian.
Some regions are high enough to have a mountain climate.
Some regions are inhabited by arthropods.
Some regions are inhabited by monkeys.
Some regions are inhabited by tigers.
Some regions are likely to experience food shortages.
Some regions are more strict than others.
Some regions are nearly white with green flecking.
Some regions are obviously more dependent upon export jobs than others.
Some regions are occupied by markhors.
Some regions are occupied by peccaries.
Some regions are quite digital.
Some regions are ready to begin the parent sessions at the regional elite training camps.
Some regions are resistant to the idea of having the elderly undergo vision testing.
Some regions are suitable for slope soaring, others favour the hunt for thermals .
Some regions are susceptible to more flash flooding than others.
Some regions are very hot, very tenuous and highly ionised while others are cool, dense and neutral.
Some regions are very rich in clones compared to others.
Some regions are viable only if other regions are also populated.
Some regions are well documented.
Some regions attract attention.
Some regions become homes.
Some regions boast water sports.
Some regions can act as both a back and a front region depending on the situation.
Some regions can aggregate into larger regions.
Some regions choose to send a ballot out to all of their regional members asking for nominations.
Some regions combine hunt seat and western shows into one day or one weekend.
Some regions consist of several counties.
Some regions consist of spindles.
Some regions contain acid.
Some regions contain amino acid.
Some regions contain arcs.
Some regions contain filament.
Some regions contain ice.
Some regions contain large volcanoes.
Some regions contain native prairie.
Some regions contain polar ice.
Some regions contain prairie.
Some regions contain several amino acid.
Some regions contain thin filament.
Some regions contain thunderstorms.
Some regions contain volcanoes.
Some regions cope with acidification better than others, having larger 'critical loads'.
Some regions correspond to positions.
Some regions cover tips.
Some regions depend on it more than others.
Some regions depend on natural resources.
Some regions depend on resources.
Some regions do require terminations.
Some regions do, however, manage to act in the absence of a precipitating crisis.
Some regions emit radiation.
Some regions encompass cities.
Some regions encompass large cities.
Some regions encompass towns.
Some regions experience disasters.
Some regions experience lower levels.
Some regions experience weather disasters.
Some regions fill with blood.
Some regions generate clouds.
Some regions get energy.
Some regions give more cause for worry than others.
Some regions go for the standard 'sailors lined up against a club bar' routine.
Some regions have abundances.
Some regions have abundant deer.
Some regions have amounts.
Some regions have animal proteins.
Some regions have boundaries.
Some regions have carriers.
Some regions have charge carriers.
Some regions have continuity.
Some regions have distinct flavor.
Some regions have dogs.
Some regions have embodiment.
Some regions have flavor.
Some regions have free charge carriers.
Some regions have functions.
Some regions have hunt dogs.
Some regions have ids.
Some regions have kinds.
Some regions have leaves.
Some regions have lobes.
Some regions have microscopes.
Some regions have more earthquakes than other parts of the globe.
Some regions have more than one duplicated regions.
Some regions have mountains.
Some regions have much better distribution than others.
Some regions have much shorter estimated waiting times for various organs than others.
Some regions have numbers.
Some regions have oil.
Some regions have plenty.
Some regions have problems.
Some regions have proteins.
Some regions have radii.
Some regions have resistance.
Some regions have roles.
Some regions have scarcity.
Some regions have schools that provide poor education.
Some regions have size.
Some regions have spots.
Some regions have terrapins.
Some regions have the added burden of unsustainable population growth.
Some regions have thin walls.
Some regions have types.
Some regions have walls.
Some regions have water which is very high in sodium or magnesium salts.
Some regions have yet to make the move to the Internet.
Some regions here are filled with huge greenhouses to produce all that food.
Some regions including rural and urban areas suffer shortages of dentists and dental hygienists.
Some regions keep geese.
Some regions kill animals.
Some regions lead to chaos.
Some regions love turkeys.
Some regions offer advantage.
Some regions offer great advantage.
Some regions offer plenty.
Some regions possess rodents.
Some regions possess salmon.
Some regions prefer one page resumes while others prefer two page resumes.
Some regions produce effects.
Some regions produce light.
Some regions provide economic wealth.
Some regions provide wealth.
Some regions raise pigs and a few goats, but they are exceptions.
Some regions receive more complaints about certain consumer issues than others.
Some regions receive radiation.
Some regions receive solar radiation.
Some regions release small lanterns down rivers or into the sea as part of the okuri-bi ritual.
Some regions rely almost entirely on aid for their external finance.
Some regions report a shortage of egg donors.
Some regions report that they have redirected gas to heating plants after they have run out of oil.
Some regions require a system to use multiple data formats for full coverage.
Some regions require two trips.
Some regions reward their regular-season champion with a berth in the state tournament.
Some regions secrete enzymes.
Some regions show availability.
Some regions show evidence.
Some regions show parameters.
Some regions suffer disasters.
Some regions suffer from torrential downpours while others are literally drying out.
Some regions support dugongs.
Some regions support mastodons.
Some regions support stock.
Some regions surround areas.
Some regions surround boundaries.
Some regions surround cities.
Some regions surround equators.
Some regions surround nuclei.
Some regions tackle cybercrime with task forces that allow various agencies to pool expertise.
Regional accents can contribute to spelling difficulties.
Regional accents provide for the modern day differences in spelling.
Regional acceptability becomes even more important in case permanent membership has to be reformed.
Regional accreditation is the highest level of academic accreditation that can be attained.
Regional accreditation looks at the college or university as a whole.
Regional activities offer potential growth areas.
Regional activity includes spotlights on different cities in each issue.
Regional adaptation is a major factor in improving cotton yields.
Regional adenopathy is common, although pleural effusions are uncommon.
Regional administrations can handle forestry affairs.
Regional administrations pursue their interests with scant regard for official national policy.
Regional affiliation is chosen by the contributor.
Regional agencies are agencies with jurisdiction of four or more counties.
Regional agencies have three months to implement the measure.
Regional aggressors are just one part of the threat scenario.
Regional agreements are compatible with our federal system of government.
Regional agreements can be a stepping stone or a stumbling block to multilateral agreements.
Regional agreements can provide the framework for Indigenous enterprises and joint ventures.
Regional agreements have wide usage in Australia.
Regional agreements offer a degree of local governing autonomy for Indigenous communities.
Regional agronomists help growers solve field problems and implement recommendations.
Regional airline needs young, attractive female to fly west coast routes.
Regional airlines bend over backwards to help.
Regional airlines have new facilities, making transfers to the mountain ski resorts convenient.
Regional airlines offer it to entice firstclass passengers.
Regional airlines sell out or align with major airlines to avoid being the prey.
Regional airlines serve ''thinner routes,'' enabling business travelers to avoid mega-hubs.
Some regional airlines service the airport.
Regional airports are analogous to interchanges on the interstate highway system.
Regional airports are analogous to interstate highway interchanges.
Regional airports are the next logical step in continuing Massachusetts economic boom.
Regional airports tend to be dominated by one carrier, driving up fares.
Many regional airports operate at a fraction of their capacity and have excess space.
Regional alliances make sense for some subject matter.
Regional anaesthesia is a major topic of daily practice in hospitals for surgery and pain relief.
Regional anaesthesia is anaesthesia
Regional analgesia is occasionally helpful.
Regional analyses are also available.
Regional analysis is in progress.
Regional analysts say events in Fiji probably inspired the coup in the Solomon Islands.
A regional anatomy is an anatomy
Regional anatomy is the study of a specific region of the body, e.g., head, chest.
Regional anesthesia can be a good choice for more extensive procedures.
Regional anesthesia can decrease the crying that occurs after circumcision.
Regional anesthesia can dull the sensations in a wider area, such as the lower half of the body.
Regional anesthesia involves numbing a large area, such as the entire hand or leg.
Regional anesthesia is a frequent choice for operations.
Regional anesthesia is a house specialty.
Regional anesthesia is an accepted anesthesia technique.
Regional anesthesia is anaesthesia
Regional anesthesia is anesthesia.
Regional anesthesia is another option.
Regional anesthesia is considered safer than general anesthesia.
Regional anesthesia is emphasized as well as individual autonomy.
Regional anesthesia is really the way to go in orthopedic surgery.
Regional anesthesia is used most commonly today.
Regional anesthesia is used to numb part of the body.
Regional anesthesia is useful when surgery is limited.
Regional anesthesia makes childbirth a better experience.
Regional anesthesia numbs a broader area, like the epidurals used in childbirth.
Regional anesthesia produces a loss of sensation to a specific region of the body.
Regional anesthesia provides excellent operating conditions and postoperative pain relief.
Regional anesthesia takes slightly longer to perform than general anesthesia.
Regional applications are a priority.
Regional architecture needs to be in place.
All regional archives offer tours and research services.
Most regional archives offer extended research room hours for microfilm research only.
Regional areas are angry over the shortfall.
Regional areas can also offer visitors a vast and exciting range of tourism experiences.
Regional areas have pictures, drilling highlights, and more information than past reports.
Some regional areas use title and escrow attorneys.
Regional arrangements complement the universal system in promoting and protecting human rights.
Regional artists make up our teachers list.
Regional artists showcase their talents, representing various styles and media.
Regional aspects are in focus.
Regional assemblies have yet to be established.
Regional assignments facilitate knowledge of community resources and vocational opportunities.
Regional assistance is available for training and advice.
All regional attractions are within easy reach and can be booked on the property.
Many regional attractions are close to Portland and accessible to visitors.
Regional audiences demand access to the same services enjoyed by people in the capital cities.
Regional authority knows the soil of their land and the hearts of the people.
Regional autonomy is practiced in places where ethnic minorities live in compact communities.
Regional aviation is, by definition, short haul.
Regional bank provides full service banking to residents of Crawford County, Missouri.
Regional bank provides personal and business financial services throughout Texas.
Regional baseball is an iffy proposition to begin with, and extra expenses make it downright bad.
Regional biodiversity refers to the variety of life in a geographic area.
Regional blackouts are in effect.
Regional blocks refer to epidural and spinal blocks .
Regional blocks refer to epidural and spinal blocks.
All regional blocks depend on a knowledge of the tissue planes in which nerves travel.
Regional bodies identified in the New York City meetings follow.
Regional books are particularly important for Latvia and Lithuania.
Regional boundaries are as follows.
Regional brackets are in the handout section.
Regional branches operate throughout Victoria.
Some regional brands are more than willing to take on competition.
Regional breakdown looks at best of rest.
Regional breakouts are available at a lower cost.
Regional building represents only one of many possibilities.
Regional buses are less comfortable and far less reliable.
Regional businesses play a vital role in ensuring our region's cultural vitality.
Regional buys are available as well as national buys.
Regional cable is able to do that much more efficiently than the networks.
Regional calls are about half that figure.
Regional campaigns are underway in New York and South Florida.
Regional campuses are captive to the overload process.
Regional campuses are individually responsible for cable plant issues.
Regional campuses retain an open admissions policy.
Regional carriers are often quite flexible in accommodating specific needs and concerns.
Regional carriers using small aircraft with low ceilings can have height restrictions.
Regional case studies Data-collection . . .
Regional centers are locations for shopping, services, business and seats of government.
Regional centers help coordinate the services that are needed because of a developmental disability.
Regional centers provide guidance and supervision.
Regional centers provide intake and assessment to determine eligibility and service needs.
Regional centers provide technical assistance and personalized support to schools.
All regional centers serve as hubs for bus service.
Regional centres continue to grow stronger as services are provided on a regional basis.
Regional centres form the basis of the second approach.
Regional chairmen decide when to begin harvest meetings based on fruit maturity.
Regional challenges require regional solutions developed in regional cooperation.
Regional championship is the next goal.
Regional changes are also evident.
Regional changes occur over time at the surface of the earth that affect the watershed.
Regional channels contain considerably more stations than do the clears.
Regional chapters connect our membership throughout America.
Regional chapters convene local meetings and workshops.
Regional chapters meet at regular intervals based on their specific requirements.
Regional characters differ, too.
Regional chemotherapy is limited by liver toxicity and biliary sclerosis during long-term use.
Some regional churches send their pastors to training courses during their total active service.
Regional citizens are delighted to welcome visitors from all over the world.
Some regional cities have high cable penetration.
Regional climate can affect how long a zucchini plant ultimately endures.
Any regional clinic can call upon the full support services of the main clinic in Temple, if needed.
Regional clubs are on the front line of rescue.
Regional clubs promote safety, legislation, activities and access.
Regional clusters begin to self-organize based on watershed, climate, and other geographic features.
Regional codes are entirely optional for the maker of a disc.
Regional codes are entirely optional for the maker of a DVD disc.
Regional codes are entirely optional.
Regional codes are optional.
Regional cohesion is the price of admission, access to European markets the prize.
Regional collaboration is necessary for inventorying and monitoring marine biodiversity.
Regional collaboration is the next logical step from global collaboration.
Regional colleges are less selective, drawing students from a smaller area.
Regional commanders are many and due to lack of co-ordination their effectiveness is relative.
Regional commentators discuss nationwide opinion.
Regional commentators discuss religion and politics in America.
Regional commentators provide perspective on the Elian story from around the nation.
Regional commentators talk about the election.
Regional commissions are also of considerable significance.
Regional committees care for the old, needy, and orphaned.
Regional committees meet in annual sessions.
Regional committees review all applications and interview the most promising candidates.
Every regional committee meets at least a fortnight.
Regional communities have fascinating and often neglected stories to tell.
All regional communities have public, private, and civic organizations.
Regional compacts begin occurring.
Regional compacts run counter to the spirit and intent of the Constitution.
Regional companies work with a specific advertiser.
Regional company based in Memphis seeks network engineers.
Every regional company has to look at their strengths.
Regional comparisons refer to the Caribbean and Latin America.
Regional competition can lead to national qualification, depending on post-season success.
Regional competition is always tough.
Regional competition is far less stiff than national competition.
Regional competition is held in Pittsburgh.
Regional competitions are open to athletes who are nine years or older.
Regional competitions are voluntary.
Regional competitions take place in later winter and early spring.
Some regional competitions offer additional prizes.
Regional competitiveness is enhanced by focusing local and regional efforts.
Regional conditions can only increase the protection of the aquatic environment.
Regional conferences are typically three-day events that take place at universities in our region.
Regional conferences are usually cheaper, easier and faster to get to.
Regional conferences are wonderful, inexpensive, intimate professional development opportunities.
Regional conferences can also provide for wider representation.
Regional conflicts are another source of crises.
Regional conflicts are likely to continue.
Regional conflicts are most dangerous for the nature.
Regional conflicts develop over the allocation of scarce resources.
Regional conflicts escalate and threaten to spread.
Regional conflicts keep cropping up.
Regional conflicts occur when one nation attempts to establish regional hegemony.
Regional conflicts present a threat to stability and economic development of the whole region.
Regional conflicts triggered by territorial, religious and other disputes keep cropping up.
Regional connection is digital transmission over optical cables.
Regional considerations are also important.
Regional consortia can offer unique programs to schools and districts through it's larger network.
Regional contests duplicate the atmosphere of the international contest.
Regional contests select winners who advance on.
Regional contractors furnish all equipment and personnel needed on a contract basis.
Regional contractors say marketing is consumer-driven.
Regional control means regional research and education priorities .
Some regional conventions give student awards for research presentations.
Some regional cooks have their favorites.
Regional cooperation assumes additional significance when the multi fibre agreement is abolished.
Regional cooperation begins with intergovernmental communication.
Regional cooperation can play an effective role in promoting social development.
Regional cooperation emerges.
Regional cooperation exists in free trade agreements with Mexico and Panama.
Regional cooperation includes Venezuela and Peru.
Regional cooperation is a critically important new trend in the region.
Regional cooperation is a major theme of our work in the Asia Pacific region.
Regional cooperation is advocated as a solution to ethnic conflict and civil war in Africa.
Regional cooperation is an important task for prosperity and security in the North Pacific region.
Regional cooperation is essential for the modernisation of countries in our area.
Regional cooperation is essential for the modernization of countries in our area.
Regional cooperation is essential to enhancing the quality of life for future generations.
Regional cooperation is important.
Regional cooperation is key.
Regional cooperation is no less important on security issues.
Regional cooperation needs to happen.
Regional cooperation plays a major role in stability and prosperity in Europe.
Regional cooperation provides a competitive model to attract investment and technology.
Regional cooperation provides a framework for joint responses to shared problems.
Regional cooperations are potentially dangerous and weaker.
Regional Coordinators are the first line of contact for volunteers within their regions.
Regional coordinators provide support and training to community-based facilitators.
All regional coordinators are now members of the executive committee.
Regional council is a general term that refers to both.
Regional councils are responsible for the mandatory regional policy statements.
Regional councils have obligation.
Regional councils serve their member local governments and depend on a variety of funding sources.
Most regional councils have obligation.
Regional courses are non-residential.
Regional court dismisses biological farmer's complaint Stuttgart.
Regional courts adjudicate minor disputes on the local level in rural areas.
Regional courts are courts of appeal, but also of first instance in major criminal and civil cases.
Regional coverage includes africa, america, asia, east indies, oceania, australia, and europe.
Regional coverage includes Africa, America, Asia, East Indies, Oceania, Australia, and Europe.
Regional cuisine includes fresh lake fish, Cornish pasties and thimbleberry jam.
Regional cuisine is too limiting.
Many regional cultures disappear with the destruction of their means of livelihood.
Regional data are quarterly.
Regional data includes the location, accessibility and general economic condition.
Regional data is adequately accurate to estimate pressure and temperature influences.
Regional data is available.
Regional data is made available to subscribers only.
Regional data is provided, as well as data for individual countries.
Regional data is published where possible.
Regional data show a variety of different patterns, however.
Regional defense makes more practical sense than area defense.
Regional definitions vary from source to source .
Regional definitions vary from source to source.
Some regional delegates do no more than attend the two assemblies.
Regional delivery maintains present activity.
Regional departures are also available, often at no extra cost.
Regional development implies an understanding of regional dynamics.
Regional development is about applying sustainable development on a regional scale.
Regional development is determined by international financial interests.
Regional development is therefore about applying sustainable development on a regional scale.
Regional developments absorb the capacity of freeways and sewage treatment plants.
Regional Developments Take for instance the political developments in our neighbourhood.
Regional dialects are unique in pronunciation, word usage, and grammatical forms.
Regional dialects exist in bird populations.
Regional dialects vary in their words, pronunciation, and grammar.
Regional differences apply in price and service.
Regional differences are also likely to emerge, though.
Regional differences are apparent in the chair's structural style, size and decoration.
Regional differences are common.
Regional differences are evident in problems farmers have paying debt.
Regional differences are huge.
Regional differences are insignificant.
Regional differences are reported for breast cancer risk.
Regional differences are significant and hence local initiatives are very important.
Regional differences are vast.
Regional differences are, in many cases, a thing of the past.
Regional differences can affect prices.
Regional differences can also be a problem.
Regional differences can also be critical.
