Galleries constructed by the female often encircle a branch.
Galleries contain numerous selections featuring thumbnail format.
Galleries display art, churches house congregations and kids hang from backyard tire swings.
Galleries display art.
Galleries display exhibits of culture, agriculture and costume.
Galleries display life sciences, bio geology, paleontology, and earth science.
Galleries display tribal art.
Galleries dot the city, and festivals occur on an almost weekly basis throughout the summer season.
Galleries exhibiting international and local artists are open regular daily hours.
Galleries feature different exhibits through the year from national, faculty and student artists.
Galleries give picture copies to art lovers within one week.
Galleries have (part) bases.
Galleries have (part) ceilings.
Galleries have (part) doorways.
Galleries have (part) floors.
Galleries have (part) room light.
Galleries have (part) sections.
Galleries have (part) walls.
Galleries have appearances.
Galleries have changing exhibits of contemporary and historical art of Newport and New England.
Galleries have sandpaper appearances.
Galleries here are in step with that phenomenon.
Galleries here display both the works of local artists and traveling exhibits.
Galleries maintains a gallery for each artist, with quality images of the artist's work.
Galleries mingle with little cafes and inns.
Galleries occur underneath the bark.
Galleries offer a rich selection of traditional and Avant-garde painting, sculpture and mixed media.
Galleries offer contemporary, Western and Indian artworks.
Galleries offer wine and nibbles along with art to ponder and purchase.
Galleries open through intermission on performance evenings.
Galleries provide the remainder.
Galleries publishes the end products of teaching and learning.
Galleries pump out endless repeats, threatening the very existence of creativity on the net.
Galleries seem to attract people with a taste for cheap wine.
Galleries sell Haitian art, and restaurants serve some of the best French cuisine in the country.
Galleries show images.
Galleries slightly etch the sapwood, hence the common name, engraver beetle.
Galleries start to be more dandified.
Galleries stock everything from unique artworks to 'artistically designed' dresses and plates.
Galleries structurally weaken the tree and interrupt the flow of water from the roots to the leaves.
Galleries submit here to get listed at no charge.
Galleries Welcome to the student artwork page.
Galleries work on varying commissions.
Gallery accepts all forms of payment including all major credit cards.
Gallery aims to capture life on film and canvas and more.
Gallery also offers a description of technique, picture size, dates and price list.
Gallery calls pnmscale to rescale.
Gallery Check out some cool surfing shots from around the world.
Gallery contains examples of code with the output graphics.
Gallery contains five modern primate crania, and five fossil crania.
Gallery contains photographs and pictures from club meets and events.
Gallery contains photos of model in below banner.
Gallery contains student projects of past semesters.
Gallery controls a broad range of annual broadleaf weeds, but has no activity on grasses.
Gallery controls a wide spectrum of winter annual, summer annual, and perennial weeds.
Gallery crawls held several times a year offer visitors an open house of the arts.
Gallery displays our members' prize-winning work from previous years.
Gallery does what they say they are going to do.
Gallery features art works, sorted by title, artist, date and program.
Gallery features asian stars and artists.
Gallery features changing exhibits.
Gallery features exhibitions from local, regional, and national artists.
Gallery features ongoing art exhibits.
Gallery features original works and quality reproductions.
Gallery features the talent of select photographers on a monthly basis.
Gallery features the works of Canadian artists.
Gallery features works of Chinese and Filipino professional artists.
Gallery find out about some of the world's leading cross stitch designers and artists.
Gallery focuses on the themes of human struggle as reflected in nature.
Gallery forests Forests along rivers.
Gallery hopping a century ago Give the guy a break, then, for a moment.
Gallery includes an eclectic selection of handcrafted contemporary gift items.
Gallery includes information and pictures of tattoos and piercings.
Gallery includes many examples of the artist's work in both black and white and color etching.
Gallery includes photos featuring Moscow, people, nature, and more.
Gallery includes stone sculpture, ceramics, drawings, paintings, and multi-media artwork.
Gallery is a brand-new museum of the works of one of Taiwan's most original sculptors.
Gallery is a far from neutral word, describing a far from neutral space.
Gallery is a photo collection of the stars as they appeared in the series.
Gallery is a pre-emergent herbicide that can be used before germination early next spring.
Gallery is a program for analyzing images.
Gallery is a simple logical game.
Gallery is a student-run gallery.
Gallery is a variety of art experiences for the young and the young at heart.
Gallery is finally open, much more to come. . .
Gallery is free and open to the public.
Gallery is free, events vary.
Gallery is free.
Gallery is fully accessible to disabled visitors.
Gallery is in a secure enviroment.
Gallery is in New Orleans, LA narrative video images of immense power.
Gallery is in the background.
Gallery is indexed by location and subject.
Gallery is on right at next intersection.
Gallery is on the corner.
Gallery is on the third floor.
Gallery is open during regular school hours.
Gallery is open for exhibitions by spiritual artists.
Gallery is open to all.
Gallery is open to the public while the artists work.
Gallery is renovated regularly.
Gallery is set up in a series of grouped photographs showing dress lines with back view.
Gallery is so so.
Gallery is to show the previous work.
Gallery is updated monthly with new work.
Gallery isa room.
Gallery lives up to what they advertise.
Gallery needs artists who want to exhibit their works.
Gallery now displays new pictures first.
Gallery offers an informative monthly newsletter.
Gallery open six days a week.
Gallery presents a variety of examples.
Gallery prevents crabgrass and many broadleaf weeds.
Gallery receives good traffic.
Gallery represents modern talented painters and photographers well.
Gallery represents modern talented painters and photographers.
Gallery represents national and international artists.
Gallery runs from plaster line to back wall.
Gallery runs up and down, parallel to the the wood grain.
Gallery sells and delivers.
Gallery showcases a diversity of media and artists.
Gallery showcases artists of Georgia.
Gallery shows change approximately every three months.
Gallery shows change throughout the year.
Gallery shows major art exhibits from public and private collections.
Gallery stays open one hour later on Thursdays.
Gallery strives to offer only the finest products at a reasonable price.
Gallery updates monthly .
Gallery walk with hors d'oeuvres from downtown restaurants.
Gallery wander through our collection of embroidered pashmina shawls.
Gallery wander through our collection.
Galleries often have layaway plans which allow collectors to pay for the art over time.
Galleries often like to promote local art.
Galleries often respond to the rhythms of the summer with shows that reflect on lightness and color.
All galleries are accessible by wheelchair.
All galleries are barrier-free.
All galleries are completely searchable by artist, specialty and location.
All galleries are of the hardcore nature and much more intimate in their member s section.
All galleries are open to the public.
All galleries are wheelchair accessible.
All galleries are wheelchair-accessible.
All galleries feature professional, faculty and student work.
All galleries have barrier free access.
All galleries have barrier-free access.
All galleries here are series galleries.
All galleries now use includes for navigation.
Every gallery has it's own menu bar at the left side of the screen.
Every gallery is free xxx passwords.
Many galleries also sell the works of nationally recognized artists.
Many galleries feature an annual exhibition schedule.
Many galleries feature fine jewelry, handmade by local goldsmiths and craftsmen.
Many galleries have exhibitions open to the public.
Many galleries have their own sites.
Many galleries make the mistake of simple display.
Many galleries offer a return for credit policy but make sure.
Many galleries offer interior design service and all provide nationwide shipping.
Many galleries provide detailed certificates of authenticity for the artists that they represent.
Most galleries add a step to the process by having to contact the artist to sign releases.
Most galleries are either pricey, intimidating or just plain junky.
Most galleries display art.
Most galleries employ sales people with very limited, if any, fine art background.
Most galleries feature special events in their gallery during the art affair.
Most galleries have appearances.
Most galleries have sandpaper appearances.
Most galleries here represent either deceased artists or local contemporary artists.
Most galleries hold special receptions for new exhibitions.
Most galleries show images.
Most galleries specialize in certain styles or periods.
Some galleries also carry books in their specialties.
Some galleries are still under development.
Some galleries carry well known contemporary, modern or nineteenth century paintings.
Some Galleries contain nudity.
Some galleries contain photographs.
Some galleries create prints of artists' work for sale by the gallery.
Some galleries double the prices immediately.
Some galleries have more of an obvious concern for buying and selling.
Some galleries offer contracts, others do it on an handshake.
Some galleries prefer to show it in the back room.
Some galleries reach beyond Milwaukee by selling over the Internet.
Galley space includes an icebox and alcohol stove.
A galley is a kitchen
Galleys are a form of insider information.
Galleys are kitchens.
Galleys are located in boats.
Galleys are part of airliners.
Galleys are part of ships.
Galleys are ships.
Galleys are space-efficient and well equipped to please the most exacting gourmet.
Galleys are vessels.
Galleys have the very best fittings and fixtures.
Galleys provide sinks, multi-burner stoves, and both ice boxes and refrigerators.
Galleys provide sinks, two burner stoves, and ice boxes instead of refrigerators.
Galleys require fourteen pirates or sailors to row the ship.
Gallilean thermometers do have drawbacks.
A gallinule is a bird
Gallinule isa bird.
Gallinules are excellent swimmers but poor fliers.
Gallinules are noisy and inquisitive birds, less furtive in their actions than most rails.
Gallinules build their nests on rough platforms of reeds and grasses in marshes.
Gallinules can fly and swim, but prefer to dash into thick weeds to escape their enemies.
Gallinules have (part) air sacs.
Gallinules have (part) bird's feet.
Gallinules have (part) brains.
Gallinules have (part) breasts.
Gallinules have (part) cell membranes.
Gallinules have (part) cells.
Gallinules have (part) chest cavities.
Gallinules have (part) chests.
Gallinules have (part) corpi.
Gallinules have (part) cytoplasm.
Gallinules have (part) ears.
Gallinules have (part) faces.
Gallinules have (part) flight feathers.
Gallinules have (part) heads.
Gallinules have (part) lips.
Gallinules have (part) mouths.
Gallinules have (part) nuclei.
Gallinules have (part) plasma membranes.
Gallinules have (part) quill feathers.
Gallinules have (part) rib cages.
Gallinules have (part) second joints.
Gallinules have (part) sections.
Gallinules have (part) skulls.
Gallinules have (part) sterna.
Gallinules have (part) talons.
Gallinules have (part) vacuoles.
Gallinules have (part) wishbones.
Gallinules have eyes.
Gallinules have green plumages.
Gallinules have plumages.
Gallinules have toes.
Gallinules manage to migrate great distances in spite of a feeble-appearing flight.
Gallinules moult all flight feathers simultaneously.
Gallinules remain concealed most of the time in marsh grasses.
Most gallinules have eyes.
Most gallinules have green plumages.
Most gallinules have plumages.
Most gallinules have toes.
Some gallinules have birds.
Some gallinules have bones.
Some gallinules have breeds.
Some gallinules have wing birds.
Gallipoli campaign begins.
Gallium arsenide can replace silicon in the manufacture of linear ICs and digital ICs.
Gallium arsenide can substitute for indium phosphide in solar cells and semiconductor applications.
Gallium arsenide has many of the properties of a semiconductor.
Gallium arsenide has much greater mobility than silicon.
Gallium arsenide has one big advantage over silicon, another element used in transistors.
Gallium arsenide has the ability to convert an electrical current directly into light.
Gallium arsenide is a gray solid .
Gallium arsenide is a gray solid.
Gallium arsenide is by no means a new technology and is a highly competitive business.
Gallium arsenide is capable of converting electricity directly into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is more efficient.
Gallium arsenide is notably tougher and more efficient.
Gallium arsenide is the semiconductor most commonly used.
Gallium arsenide is tricky to work with, but it has a huge upside.
Gallium arsenide is used as a laser material that changes electricity directly into light.
Gallium arsenide is used as a laser material to convert electricity directly into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is used in a variety of optoelectronic infrared devices.
Gallium arsenide is used in lasers that convert electricity into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is used in lasers which convert electricity into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is used in the production of transistors.
Gallium arsenide is used to convert electricity into coherent light.
Gallium arsenide is used to produce ultra-brite blue LEDs.
Gallium arsenide offers comparable hole mobility, but lower breakdown fields.
Gallium arsenide produces less heat.
Gallium arsenides are chemical compounds.
Gallium scans are non-specific.
Gallium trichloride is formed by the reaction of gallium metal with chlorine gas.
Gallium arsenide digital integrated circuit design.
Gallium expands as it freezes like water.
Gallium forms a very reflective surface on glass making an excellent mirror.
Gallium interferes with the conversion itself and causes chemical problems when the MOx is used.
Gallium is chemical elements.
Gallium is metal
Gallium is metallic elements.
Gallium occurs in a trace amount in bauxite and zinc ores.
Gallium reacts with the chalcogens only at relatively high temperatures.
Gallium readilyalloys with most metals, and has been used as a component in low-melting alloys.
Gallium results in an inordinate delay to diagnosis and a larger radiation exposure.
Gallium wets glass and porcelain, forming a brilliant mirror finish on glass.
Gallium wets glass or porcelain and forms a brilliant mirror when it is painted on glass.
Gallium wets glass or porcelain, and forms a brilliant mirror when it is painted on glass.
Gallium wets glass or porcelain, and forms a brilliant mirror when painted on glass.
Most gallium produced today is used in electronics.
Gallon plastic milk containers have bottoms.
A gallon is an unit
Gallon Can For artwork, layouts, mounting photos.
Gallon isa unit.
Gallons are a measure of volume.
Gallons are available in ultra clear and frosted jugs.
Gallons are equivalent to a case.
Gallons are part of barrels.
Gallons are used to describe liquid volumes.
Gallons have (part) pints.
Gallons have (part) quarts.
A gallop is a gait
Gallop sounds can wax and wane with respiration.
Gallops has picnic areas, hiking paths, scenic views and a swimming beach.
Gallstone disease is one of the most common gastroenterological disorders.
Gallstone disease is relatively rare in children.
A gallstone is a calculus
Gallstones affect all races, but are more prevalent in some populations.
Gallstones also become a real problem from the excessive fats.
Gallstones are a common cause of cholecystitis.
Gallstones are a common occurrence in our society.
Gallstones are a good example.
Gallstones are a major health problem.
Gallstones are a mixture of compounds, but typically they are mostly cholesterol.
Gallstones are about half as frequent in vegetarians as in meat eaters.
Gallstones are also much less prevalent in vegetarians.
Gallstones are always abnormal, and they're taken out.
Gallstones are by far the most important risk factor for gallbladder cancer.
Gallstones are calculuses.
Gallstones are cholesterol crystals or pigment material that form in the gall bladder.
Gallstones are clumps of cholesterol and other matter that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are clumps of solid material that form in the bile stored in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are clumps of solid material that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are common among obese patients who lose weight rapidly after gastric bypass surgery .
Gallstones are common among obese patients who lose weight rapidly after gastric bypass surgery.
Gallstones are common among overweight and obese persons.
Gallstones are common in the United States.
Gallstones are common, especially in women, the elderly and overweight individuals.
Gallstones are crystalline structures, formed by gradual accretion of components of bile.
Gallstones are crystals that form from excess cholesterol or bilirubin.
Gallstones are crystals that have collected in the gallbladder or bile ducts.
Gallstones are diseases.
Gallstones are extremely common .
Gallstones are extremely common, but cause no problems for most people.
Gallstones are frequently multiple.
Gallstones are hard deposits of cholesterol or bile salts that develop in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are illnesses.
Gallstones are like tiny rocks that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are lumps composed mainly of cholesterol.
Gallstones are lumps of rock-like material that form inside the gallbladder.
Gallstones are lumps of solid material that form within the gallbladder.
Gallstones are made from cholesterol and other things found in the bile.
Gallstones are more common in women than in men and increase in incidence in both sexes with aging.
Gallstones are most common among overweight, middle-aged women.
Gallstones are most common in older women, but gallbladder cancer is more common in men.
Gallstones are most likely to occur within the first few months after surgery.
Gallstones are often varied in color and size.
Gallstones are one of the most common disorders of the gastrointestinal tract.
Gallstones are one of the most medically important complications of voluntary weight loss.
Gallstones are one of the most significant complications of voluntary rapid weight loss.
Gallstones are pieces of hard solid matter in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are pieces of solid material that form in the gallbladder .
Gallstones are pieces of solid material that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are small rocks or crystals that form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones are solid crystals made of either cholesterol or bilirubin, a pigment material.
Gallstones are solid stones formed in the gallbladder from cholesterol, bile salts and calcium.
Gallstones are stones that form in the gallbladder .
Gallstones are the most common disease in the biliary system in western countries.
Gallstones are the most common gallbladder problem.
Gallstones are the most common of all gallbladder problems.
Gallstones are uncommon in slim, moderate drinkers and in vegetarians.
Gallstones are very common.
Gallstones become more common with age in both sexes.
Gallstones build up from chemicals in the bile, usually cholesterol.
Gallstones can also form due to low levels of bile acids and bile lecithin.
Gallstones can be as small as a grain of sand or as large as a golf ball.
Gallstones can be completely asymptomatic.
Gallstones can be difficult to detect because of their location behind the liver.
Gallstones can be extremely painful and symptoms are often brought on by eating a fried, fatty meal.
Gallstones can cause inflammation of the pancreas and liver, causing jaundice.
Gallstones can cause serious problems if they become trapped in the bile ducts.
Gallstones can cause severe abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting.
Gallstones can cause upper abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, heartburn and back pain.
Gallstones can form in the gallbladder.
Gallstones can range from a few millimeters to several centimeters in diameter.
Gallstones can vary in size.
Gallstones cause pain.
Gallstones commonly form in the gallbladder .
Gallstones compose a solid formation of cholesterol and bile salts.
Gallstones develop in many people without causing symptoms.
Gallstones develop in the gallbladder from crystals of either cholesterol or bilirubin.
Gallstones develop when something happens to upset the balance of chemicals in the bile.
Gallstones develop when the chemical composition of the bile is upset in some way.
Gallstones form in the gall bladder located near the liver, and kidney stones form in the kidney.
Gallstones form in the gallbladder when cholesterol or pigments crystallize out of the bile.
Gallstones form when liquid stored in the gallbladder hardens into pieces of stone-like material.
Gallstones happen because bile is a tricky liquid.
Gallstones necessitate nearly all gallbladder removal surgery.
Gallstones occur in children and adults with increasing frequency with age.
Gallstones occur more often in people who have high cholesterol levels or diabetes.
Gallstones occur more often in women and the elderly.
Gallstones occur much more frequently in women than in men.
Gallstones occur three times more often in overweight individuals.
Gallstones range in size from as small as a grain of sand to as large as a golf ball.
Gallstones return in a majority of patients who pursue dissolution treatments.
Gallstones tend to run in families.
Gallstones vary in size and number.
Gallstones often form in persons with cirrhosis.
Gallstones sometimes form within the concentrated bile.
Gallstones usually lie in the most dependent part of gallbladder.
Gallstones usually return when medication is stopped.
Gallstones usually show up as dark spots against a bright background.
Most gallstones are clinically silent.
Most gallstones are composed primarily of cholesterol, others contain bile pigment or calcium.
Most gallstones are crystals of cholesterol.
Most gallstones go unnoticed, and can be left alone as long as no symptoms occur.
Most gallstones produce no symptoms.
Most gallstones provoke no symptoms at all.
Galore Park is the UK's first choice for school books.
A galosh is an overshoe
Galoshes are ridiculous.
Galvalume steel combines the metallic coatings of both aluminum and zinc.
Galvanic action caused by dissimilar metals in the water gives off an electrical current.
Galvanic action forms a bond to the base metal and completely stops rusting.
A galvanic cell is a cell
Galvanic cells use spontaneous chemical reactions to provide useful electrical work.
Galvanic corrosion affects engineers in just about every field.
Galvanic corrosion can even occur when dissimilar metals are joined above the waterline.
Galvanic corrosion occurs on pipes buried in soil.
Galvanic efficiency relates directly to the anode's service life.
Galvanic isolation refers to the isolation of bus signals from power line ground noise currents.
Galvanic protection is provided for both the main and auxiliary headers.
Galvanised wire can poison a rat.
Galvanised wire is another modern building technology having some special advantages.
A galvanism is electricity
Galvanism is a very complex issue.
A galvanization is an application
Galvanization is the process of coating a metal with zinc.
Galvanize pipes have places.
Galvanized buckets come in nice small shapes, just perfect for candle making as well.
Galvanized coating keeps outdoor ramps looking good longer.
Galvanized coatings are available depending on the applications.
Galvanized coatings are ideal when price is a concern.
All galvanized coating goes on top to help prevent rusting.
Galvanized construction is standard.
Galvanized fasteners are essential in bolted galvanized steel structures.
All galvanized fasteners complete the frame assembly.
A galvanized iron is an iron
Galvanized iron is coated with a thin layer of zinc.
Galvanized lid keeps water out and increases feeder life.
Galvanized metal is solid metal.
Galvanized metal is used chiefly on products such as pipe, nails, wire, container etc.
Galvanized metal is used in such products as roof gutters and tank linings.
Galvanized metal touching aluminum causes corrosion.
Galvanized nails are standard nails that have a zinc coating.
Galvanized pipe is another possibility.
Galvanized pipe is either iron or steel that is coated with zinc.
Galvanized pipe is found primarily in older homes.
Galvanized pipe requires installing a series of fittings to change direction.
Galvanized steel is a good place to start.
Galvanized steel is best pre-primed with a vinyl wash primer.
Galvanized steel is the most common metal choice for a metal roof.
Galvanized steel is used wherever corrosion is a threat.
Galvanized steel left untended can dissolve in a matter of months.
Galvanized steel mounting tripod makes installation easy.
Galvanized strip continues through a cooling section.
Galvanized surfaces minimize the effects of corrosion from chemical-laden water.
Galvanized trailers offer the most durability in the salt water environment.
Galvanized water can.
Galvanized wire deckingis a crucial component in an space efficient warehouse.
Galvanized wire is strung between the line posts.
Galvanized wire provides the longest lasting protection.
Galvanneal steel is utilized for compartments to provide strength.
A galvanometer is a meter
Galvanometers are the basic component of many electrical meters.
Galves values are an experienced blending of observation and opinion.
A gam is a herd
GAMS also operates as a virtual software repository.
Gams are herds.
GAMS can handle much larger and highly complex problems.
GAMs work by replacing the coefficients found in parametric models, by a smoother.
A gamba is a viol
Gamba points out that human beings have long braved the sea unaided by gadgets.
Gambia is part of Africa.
Gambia isa thing.
Gambian journalists are very important in the social fabric.
Gambian music has a long way to go before it can carve a permanent niche for itself.
Gambian rats are seasonal breeders, usually breeding in the summer.
Gambian rats display behavior.
Gambian rats display courtship behavior.
Gambian rats display peculiar behavior.
Gambian rats inhabit habitats.
Gambian rats need shelter.
Gambian rats use screeching as the main form of communication.
Some gambian rats feed on insects.
Some gambian rats reach size.
Gambian women have calcium excretion.
Gambian women have excretion.
Gambian women have low urinary calcium excretion.
Gambian women have low urinary excretion.
Gambian women have urinary excretion.
Most gambian women have calcium excretion.
Most gambian women have excretion.
Most gambian women have low urinary calcium excretion.
Most gambian women have low urinary excretion.
Most gambian women have urinary excretion.
Some gambian women experience infertility.
Gambian has (part) arms.
Gambian has (part) body substances.
Gambian has (part) cell membranes.
Gambian has (part) cells.
Gambian has (part) corpi.
Gambian has (part) cytoplasm.
Gambian has (part) heads.
Gambian has (part) human bodies.
Gambian has (part) legs.
Gambian has (part) material bodies.
Gambian has (part) necks.
Gambian has (part) nuclei.
Gambian has (part) personality.
Gambian has (part) plasma membranes.
Gambian has (part) sections.
Gambian has (part) vacuoles.
Gambian isa individual.
Gambian isa person.
Gambian isa somebody.
Gambian isa someone.
A gambit is a move
Gambit begins a five-year run in Toronto.
Gambit can charge objects with energy to explode on impact.
Gambit features a visual extensive form editor as well as a command language version.
Gambit is an interactive package for the analysis of games in both extensive and normal form.
Gambit paying off So far, the gambit appears to be paying off.
Gambit take care o' dis.
Gambits are remarks.
A gamble is a venture
Some gambles pay big time.
A gambler is a person
Gambler is less liab.
Gambler Looks for excitement and danger.
Gamblers also deserve the same legal protections that other consumers enjoy.
Gamblers are able to hide their addiction with second post office boxes and well thought out lies.
Gamblers are addicted to risk-taking.
Gamblers are adventurers.
Gamblers are books.
Gamblers are capable of play cards.
Gamblers are either slot machine players or table players.
Gamblers are great liars.
Gamblers are invalid as witnesses in a Jewish court.
Gamblers are irresponsible.
Gamblers are located in buildings.
Gamblers are located in casinos.
Gamblers are located in race tracks.
Gamblers are more susceptible to boredom and turn to risky behavior for excitement.
Gamblers are people.
Gamblers are risk-takers and stimulant seekers.
Gamblers are selfish.
Gamblers are soul-less in attempting to corrupt police, judges and legislators.
Gamblers are usually more superstitious.
Gamblers are usually very secretive.
Gamblers are, for the most part, a well informed group.
Gamblers begin losing more than they win.
Gamblers call the amount of credit they have at the casino their balance .
Gamblers can check their luck on the racing service -results only, no tips.
Gamblers can get in on the make-believe action at black jack, craps and roulette tables.
Gamblers can play various games in real time against live dealers based in an Antiguan casino.
Gamblers can save a few bucks and stay here.
Gamblers come in every shape, form and occupation.
Gamblers don t seem to care.
Gamblers enjoy risks in all areas of their lives.
Gamblers feel they have some skill but lottery is pure chance, says the lobbyist.
Gamblers get their thrills.
Gamblers go directly to the casino and usually stumble out in the wee-hours of the morning.
Gamblers have flamboyant, carefree personalities.
Gamblers have many opportunities to bet on sports matches, as well as games of chance.
Gamblers have personality features in common with other habitual risk-takers.
Gamblers have the highest attempted suicide rate of all addictive disorders.
Gamblers here hope to have better luck.
Gamblers hold out on what they owe, so check carefully.
Gamblers infest Houston, and the good people of that city want the evil exterminated.
Gamblers keep making the same mistakes, thinkin' their luck is gunna turn.
Gamblers know the truth.
Gamblers know their winnings are easy come, easy go.
Gamblers love online casino free cash promotions.
Gamblers love sports, and sports seem to love gambling.
Gamblers love to read other people's exploits on the tables.
Gamblers never expect a woman.
Gamblers offers it's customers the widest variety of online casino games on the net.
Gamblers pay close attention.
Gamblers seem just as eager to line up for tonight's grand opening as they have for the others.
Gamblers sit around funky black roulette tables in the shape of grand pianos.
Gamblers take every edge.
Gamblers talk with fervor about different kinds of systems.
Gamblers tend to be loners anyway and like to be isolated.
Gamblers tend to remember their occasional wins while forgetting their losses.
Gamblers tend to remember winnings and to forget losses.
Gamblers think turnovers are poison.
Gamblers try to develop systems.
Gamblers use it too, to keep from wasting their winnings.
Gamblers win, lose and break even often.
Gamblers always seek to increase their odds and to buy protection.
Gamblers often break the law in order to continue the habit.
Gamblers often throw dice gently for low numbers and hard for high numbers.
Gamblers usually bet money or something else of value as a stake on the outcome they predict.
All gamblers are thieves and criminals.
Any gambler knows what they have seen, a large representation of the front of a slot machine.
Every gambler knows that the house always wins in the long run.
Many gamblers are in financial trouble.
Many gamblers like to find themed adult casinos and sportsbook just for the flare and spice.
Many gamblers move from casino to casino chasing the bonuses.
Most gamblers are losers.
Most gamblers believe that winning is unusual.
Most gamblers learn the basic rules of the game and then overlook the smaller details.
Most gamblers prefer faster casino games.
Most gamblers stay away from run lines, as it is a very fickle bet.
Most gamblers use some sort of system.
Most gamblers work off luck and hope that they are going to win.
Some gamblers become suicidal.
Some gamblers can tell a card just by feeling it.
Some gamblers carry a glass in their pocket to look through the cards.
Some gamblers carry a rabbit foot in their right pocket for good luck.
Some gamblers evidently feel that some numbers are luckier than others.
Some gamblers mistake their performances with their self-esteem.
Some gamblers put rosin in the eye of a dice to make it stay on top.
Some gamblers say that the twelve face cards in a deck are the Twelve Disciples of the Lord.
Some gamblers still prefer low-denomination slots and classic table games.
Some gamblers treat gambling as a casual or occasional activity.
A gambling game is a gambling
A gambling game is a game
Gambling games have rules and regulations.
Gambling industry wants limits lifted on losers.
Gambling laws are subject to change.
Gambling problems are at least as high in children as they are in adults.
Gambling problems are frequent among regular gamblers.
Gambling problems are more prevalent in males than in females.
A gambling system is a system
Gambling systems are no different.
A gamboge is yellow
Gamboge is a yellow gum-resin used as a paint pigment.
Game animals are field dressed and skinned under less than ideal conditions.
Game animals come to water.
Game animals consist of moose, caribou, black and brown bears.
Game animals see UV, especially at dawn and dusk.
Many game animals live in the Kalahari.
Game animations add a lot of fun.
Game artists are in charge of all game development of visual art.
Game awards are redeemable for a multitude of valuable prizes.
Game balance is important, at least as important as stability, ease of use, graphics and audio.
A game bird is a game
Game birds are a source of a great amount of sport.
Game birds are games.
Game birds are plentiful.
Game birds are roosters.
Game birds are traditionally wild birds that are raised in captivity for food consumption.
Game birds have wide appeal in Spain.
Game birds represented are the wild turkey, band-tailed pigeon, dove, quail, and waterfowl.
Game board has has real world structures and buildings.
Game board is crafted from warm-toned red birch.
Game boards roll into place, one at a time.
Many game books define terms that are used in explaining the game system.
Game call resumes after the break.
Game calls are a funny thing with hunters.
Game cards are daisy-chained using standard telephone cords.
Game cards enable managers to reward employees for executing what they've learned.
Some game cards are quite large and, as a result, require a lot of scratching.
Game centers offer exciting computerized games where they can battle super villains.
Game City has plenty of exciting downloads and reviews.
Game clock is stopped during mandated water breaks.
Some game clubs help prepare members for such tournaments .
Some game clubs help prepare members for such tournaments.
Many game communities are like that.
Game companies hold all the cards.
Game companies know no borders in their search for realism.
Game companies look here.
Game companies point out, however, that games are no longer made solely for children.
Game companies publish writer's guidelines for a reason.
Many game companies feel that cheats detract from game play.
Most game companies have a hint line which charge a small fee by the minute.
Game computers are also available at each branch location.
All game consoles provide a video signal that is compatible with television.
Most game controllers are either game-pads or joysticks.
Game conventions are another popular gathering place for hard-core gamers.
Game conventions are another way to make contact.
Game day begins and ends with spirited rallying for the home team.
Game day consists of a pregame practice and four eight minute quarters.
Game day is devoted to the game.
Game day is divided into a pre-game practice and four quarters of play.
Game day is reminiscent of the movie Groundhog Day .
Game day is right around the corner .
Game day is their time to have fun and play.
Game day puts a lot more stress on many players which obviously can create a lot of problems.
Game days are for action.
Game days vary in that players have to leave class early and prepare for the nights night's battle.
Game days vary.
Game demo requires plenty of strategy, although it lacks in action.
Game demos are available for many.
All game demos are alphabetically categorised, please click on the links above.
Game design is a tricky thing.
Game design is an iterative process.
Game design is evocative of the original wave of first-person shooters.
Game design is hard, and few people have the experience to do it well.
Game design is the elusive one.
Game design reflects limited evidence of improvements made using the problem solving principles.
Game design reflects some evidence of improvements made using the problem solving principles.
Game designers are clever.
Game designers are designers.
Game designers are good communicators.
Game designers are the creative minds that help flesh out all the cool ideas into gaming reality.
Game designers can make realistic or surrealistic scenery for backgrounds in their games.
Game designers describe the mood they want, often citing movie scores or popular musicians.
Game designers get to flex their creative muscles and create entertainment for people, so it's fun.
Game designers intend for such reward structures to be conducive to high sales of their games.
Game designers say they also use standard motivational strategies that apply to school work, too.
Game designers shape their games and the forms their games influence.
Game designers write the blueprint of the game.
Most game designers have a tendency to specialize in one certain type of game.
Game designing are designing.
Game developers are a conservative lot.
Game developers are a very unique set of people.
Game developers are great at creating the world in which their games happen.
Game developers are in a tight spot.
Game developers are right in the middle of inventing an art form, and the rules are vague.
Game developers are typically very savvy.
Game developers can now submit games for possible inclusion on the site.
Game developers continue to rely on labor-intensive traditional methods.
Game developers find they re constantly playing cat and mouse.
Game developers have enough on their plates.
Game developers have to be sold on the new plan.
Game developers pay special attention to the performance of their texture swapping capability.
Game developers scare the hell out of graphic and Web designers.
Game developers start here .
Game developers walk a fine line between letting people tweak the game and preventing cheating.
All game developers release patches that fix problems and add changes to the game to improve it.
Many game developers frequent our chatrooms and regularly talk with gamers.
Most game developers are better at making great titles than driving hard bargains.
Most game developers prefer to write their own customized world builder tools.
Game development can feel detached at times.
Game development is a business with schedules to meet and money to make.
Game development is a highly orchestrated and creative process.
Game development is an exercise in adaptation and change.
Game development is an organic process.
Game development is currently on hold.
Game development is even more arbitrary.
Game development is far from an exact science.
Game development is more an art than a science, and therefore difficult to predict.
Game development takes at least a year from original sketch to production.
Game drives are also available.
Game drives are available during the morning, late afternoon and night time.
Game drives are in four-wheel drive vehicles.
Most game drives are in open vehicles.
Game engine is just way too demanding-even somewhat so on a good number of high end machines.
Game engine is very slick, including multiple views and jump shots.
Game engine suggests legitimate player trades during season modes.
Game engines can also generate very realistic maps.
Game enhancer modchips at best prices.
Game fans contact each other.
Game farms are prime test sites.
Game field is on the left.
A game fish is fish
Game fish abound in the waters surrounding the Bahamas .
Game fish adhere to temperature changes much like politicians listen to latest polls.
Game fish are fish.
Game fish are plentiful in the river and nearby lakes.
Game fish are rainbow, eastern brook, brown, and cutthroat trout, kokanee salmon, and whitefish.
Game fish hide among the palm kelp and rocky crevices.
Game fish vary from sporty rainbow trout to the everyday catfish.
Game fish vary from the sporty rainbow trout to the every-day channel catfish.
Most game fish prefer their quarry at least somewhat active.
Game fishing involves dragging baited hooks or lures of various configurations behind boats.
Game fishing involves the charter of a big game boat and skipper.
Game fishing is a big business worldwide.
Game fishing is also available albeit very expensive.
Game fishing is also available as an optional extra.
Game fishing is also popular.
Game fishing is excellent here.
Game fishing is well known beyond local borders.
Game fishing remains the major fishing industry today.
Game fishing requires a licence and, generally, also a permit.
Game game craps.
Game Game is fantastic.
Game genres come and go.
All game genres come in and out of fashion like clothes.
Game graphics are colorful and varied.
Game graphics are small but varied and clearly recognizable, though animation is at a minimum.
Game graphics blaze while the band rocks live.
Some game heroes have neat powers and cool abilities.
Game hunting includes deer, geese, ducks, and cranes.
Game keepers start grousing when mountain bikers disturb their grouse.
A game law is a regulation
Game laws change periodically depending on animal population trends.
Game laws go back to the colonial era.
Game levels have different types of bugs, frogs and background images.
Game levels range from dinosaur-infested jungle ruins to techno wastelands.
Game lodges are usually well presented with good facilities.
Many game makers see online gaming as an important part of the industry's future.
Game management ought to do a better job in some cases.
Game managers have a broad public land base with which to operate.
Game manufacturers are where it's at, appearing on the cover more than any other single group.
Most game manufacturers provide no scratched and damaged CD replacement policy.
Game masters are adjudicators.
Game masters get free entry for running two or more game slots.
Game masters organize the different activities.
Every game master enjoys a good ambush.
Game meat can last for several years in a good freezer if it is well-wrapped.
Game meat can offer a healthy alternative to consumers.
Game meat has a distinctive 'wild' taste and is almost always marinated.
Game meat is also popular in Louisiana cuisine, including rabbit and wild turkey.
Game meats are apt to be drier and less tender than domestic animals, but richer in flavor.
Game meats are excellent sources of protein and are similar in composition to domestic animal meats.
Game mechanics are identical as are the graphics, music, and so forth.
Game mechanics are methods invoked by agents for interacting with the game world.
Game mechanics are simple yet inclusive of the challenges facing the combatants.
Game misconduct is a penalty
Game misconduct is penalties.
Game Misconduct results in automatic game ejection.
Game misconducts are subject to review by the tournament organizers for possible suspension.
All game misconducts result in an additional one game suspension.
Game mode is a strategy game in which the objective is to put the last piece on the board.
Game modes are identical to the single player game, with one addition.
Game modes range from stroke play to challenges including a longest drive contest.
Game music is sung by a cappella.
Game music is tricky business.
Game music is very good and very much in keeping with the period feel.
Game names are property of their respective owners.
Game nights can run long, especially if all players are enjoying the big night.
A game of chance is a gambling
A game of chance is a game
Games of chance are fakes.
Games of chance are fascinating for both practitioners and the more academically inclined.
Games of chance are games.
Games of chance are located in carnivals.
Games of chance are the situations that come closest to having known probabilities for all outcomes.
Games of chance have no place in the life of a congregation.
Games of chance require a wager to have meaning at all.
Many games of chance use certain colors and the track always has individual colors flying.
Game of Kings is set in aspic, but the JJs are surrealistically in their periods.
Game of life allows all mating strategies.
Most games of strategy rely on the other person responding in a predictable way.
Game one is very tight.
Game options are limitless, and many common games can be adapted to teach Christian principles.
Game options are unchangeable.
Game options is done well.
Game options Watch or listen to a Trojan football game live on the internet.
All game options are accessible from the main menu, and navigation is a snap.
Game parks are within easy reach.
Game pieces appear at a dropping point above the grid ready to be dropped into play.
Game pieces are tokens.
Game pieces fit in sliding compartment on underside of the board.
All game pieces are instant winners.
A game plan is a strategy
Game plan is the key.
Game plans are crucial, but so is the ability to change.
Game plans are schemes.
Game plans have to be followed and fundamentals adhered to.
Every game plan is different and unique in itself.
Game play begins by the the player choosing an ante amount and wagering three times the ante amount.
Game play begins the following week.
Game play can really bog down on a typical game rig.
Game play continues as players take turns revealing their answers.
Game play continues until a question is answered incorrectly.
Game play includes filling and serving drinks to patrons as they march down many bars.
Game play is a bajillion times more important than graphics.
Game play is a bit inadequate.
Game play is a bit more active.
Game play is a bit slow.
Game play is a lot like Tetris, but it has a cool new twist to it.
Game play is almost entirely mouse driven, with the use of icons to control game play.
Game play is also different in that all possible directions are posted on the screen.
Game play is also very well balanced.
Game play is antiquated and repetitive.
Game play is arcade quality and enjoyable.
Game play is as enjoyable as it is deceptively simple.
Game play is as intricate as it is sophisticated.
Game play is available with or without registration.
Game play is awesome.
Game play is awsome and highly addictive.
Game play is awsome.
Game play is centered around a household.
Game play is challenging but extremely fun.
Game play is characterized by multiple threats.
Game play is controlled by a ROM-based CPU housed in the backbox.
Game play is decent, but can be confusing at times.
Game play is decent.
Game play is easy to learn as well, simply click the matching tiles, trying to clear the board.
Game play is easy, but game has depth, features, and flexibility to make it a continuing favorite.
Game play is elementary.
Game play is emphasized using co-ed rules.
Game play is excellent.
Game play is explained as well as the object of the game.
Game play is explained in the help file.
Game play is fairly addictive.
Game play is fairly standard RPG stuff.
Game play is fast and action packed.
Game play is fast and fun with an addictive quality.
Game play is fast and furious.
Game play is fast and smooth, with either the mouse or keyboard.
Game play is flawless.
Game play is free.
Game play is freeform and performed daily through the mailing service.
Game play is fun and easy to figure out.
Game play is fun and easy to learn.
Game play is fun and fast pace.
Game play is fun at first but quickly becomes more frustrating than challenging.
Game play is gone.
Game play is good and it utilises both mouse buttons.
Game play is good but gets prebictable after a while.
Game play is good, it reinforces the math taught in school, and everyone had a good time with it.
Game play is good, providing some intense action in all game types.
Game play is great, too, with revamped artificial intelligence and strong league-play support.
Game play is great.
Game play is highly linear, with a limited ability to interact with the environment.
Game play is in English, French or German.
Game play is interesting.
Game play is mouse-centric and very fluid.
Game play is now ready to start.
Game play is outstanding.
Game play is paramount.
Game play is pretty much identical to the first game.
Game play is pretty traditional, but at times, frankly, irritating.
Game play is purely arcade.
Game play is really great.
Game play is really the only thing that really matters.
Game play is refined here, as well.
Game play is relatively linear.
Game play is relatively quick as a result.
Game play is similar in many respects to other examples of the breed.
Game play is similar to e-drug trader below.
Game play is similar to that for most weenie decks.
Game play is simple but fun.
Game play is simple to learn.
Game play is slow or sounds disappear when action increases.
Game play is smooth and addictive.
Game play is smooth and cars handle naturally with an almost arcadelike feel.
Game play is smooth, with a workable hidden orders system.
Game play is smooth.
Game play is smoother in almost all cases.
Game play is still too fast.
Game play is super.
Game play is the key.
Game play is tight.
Game play is traditional board game fare.
Game play is turn-based, with timed individual turns.
Game play is very addicting.
Game play is very easy and to simple in single player mode.
Game play is very easy to pick up on.
Game play is very fast and cohesive.
Game play is very fun and very hard at the same time.
Game play is very important.
Game play is very organized in comparison to sociodramatic play.
Game play is very simple, point, shoot and run.
Game play is very simple.
Game play is very smooth with lots of campaigns and missions for multiplayer.
Game play looks fast and frantic and the use of cinematic in mission cut scenes adds to the feel.
Game play procedes clockwise.
Game player can read novels on screen to choose different options to go through the story.
Game players are a resourceful lot.
Game players can expect more detailed graphics moving at higher frame rates.
Game players can revel in the lightening fast realism of richly detailed virtual worlds.
Game players solve a difficult chemistry puzzle to find the coroner's Web site.
Most game players are eager to stay fit and to look well-groomed, according to the survey.
Game port is required for the Joystick.
Game ports are on the back of panel.
Game ports are ports.
Most game preserves have comfortable lodges.
Some game preserves are thousands of acres in size.
Game producers fail to recognize the great games went where no game has gone before with innovation.
All game producers have restrictions, limitations, and bans.
Some game programmers prefer to write their own low-level graphics routines.
Game programming can be a very daunting thing.
Game programming isnt just a matter of putting pixels on the screen and processing keys pressed.
Game publishers have stock stuffer appeal.
Game publishers tell how they bought it.
Game room games have types.
A game room is a room
Game room features pool table and darts, as well as a variety of board games.
Game room has a full sized pool table, wet bar, fireplace, cable TV and sofa sleeper.
Game room has pool table and woodburning fireplace.
Game room has pool table, poker machines and dance floor.
Game room includes a pool table and sleeper sofa.
Game room includes two pool tables, air hockey, video game and darts.
Game room offers video games and laundry facilities.
Game room overlooks family room.
Game Room Play word games and find out about all the complexities and nuances of language.
Game rooms keep the kids busy, while adults can take advantage of a nice massage.
Some game rooms are for serious competition while others are more social.
Game rules are easy to learn .
Game rules are in English.
Game rules are simple.
Game rules are very simple, and game is very easy to learn.
Game Rules Assemble spinner according to directions.
Game Rules Cut along the dotted lines on the first sheet to make cards.
Game Rules Divide the players into two teams.
Game rules ensure novices can enjoy playing with more experienced players.
Game Rules Have students form small groups.
Game rules prohibit any electronic devices in the dorms.
Game Rules Stand above the target and drop a penny, take note of where it lands.
Game saves are quick and small.
Game scores are also available on voice mail.
Game servers are called shards .
Game servers are called shards.
Game servers place a high load on the system.
A game show is a program
Game shows are a perfect venue.
Game shows are broadcasts.
Game shows are cheaper to produce than a sitcom and they are far more interactive.
Game shows are hot now.
Game shows are interactive, which makes it easier to attract and keep a young person's attention.
Game shows are interactive, which makes it easier to attractand keep a young person's attention.
Game shows are located in television.
Game shows are television programs.
Game shows are the favored program.
Game shows are the killer app of interactive television.
Game shows are, by nature, interactive.
Game shows can emphasize mental capacities or physical skills.
Game shows have a history of being incredibly popular.
Game shows have a long history of cruelty.
Game shows mean less sitcom jobs at the networks.
Some game shows have regular people as the contestants.
Some game shows involve word games, and others involve tests of skill or general knowledge.
Game sites are various gymnasiums and ballfields throughout the city.
Game sites sign up and put our logo on their page.
Some game stores offer inexpensive memberships that give discounts.
Game system is rather simple compared to others and interfaces are easy.
Every game system needs a mascot.
Game theorists believe in brinkmanship.
Game theorists classify games by their nature and their pay-offs.
Game theorists do it by dominance or saddle points.
Game theorists do it by dominance.
Game theorists do it with saddle points.
Game theorists score most often.
A game theory is a scientific theory
Game theories are scientific theories.
Game theory can act as a guide for players and a tool for predicting the outcome.
Game theory can model behavioral strategies.
Game theory computes optimal strategies in simple situations where there is conflict.
Game Theory Consider the following situation.
Game theory does show that cooperation is better than non-cooperation.
Game theory falls in microeconomics and therefore mainly in the economic analysis.
Game theory forces one to consider the range of a rival's responses.
Game theory has the prisoner's dilemma.
Game theory helps firms better assess their own negotiating position.
Game theory is a different way of looking at the world.
Game theory is a logical extension of evolu- tionary theory.
Game theory is a series of events that each player calculates rationally before their next move.
Game theory is a specialized area of cybernetics .
Game theory is a subject which begs to be applied to real-world problems.
Game theory is a valuable tool in evaluating the economics of behavior.
Game theory is a very interesting subject with quite a few unexpected twists.
Game theory is an analytical tool that can be applied to many such circumstances.
Game theory is both easy and excruciatingly difficult.
Game theory is divided into two branches, cooperative and non-cooperative.
Game theory is introduced to demonstrate firm interdependence in oligopolistic markets.
Game theory is introduced.
Game theory is obviously Gendered by male strategies in game-playing.
Game theory is one of the major components of decision theory.
Game theory is part of economics.
Game theory is simply a method of modeling how players interact.
Game theory is the mathematical study of games and strategy.
Game theory is the model that predicts the outcome of conflict between rational individuals.
Game theory is the principal focussing discipline.
Game theory is used as the focus for such studies.
Game theory is used to explore the interactions between firms in imperfect competition.
Game theory is used to model economic competition, military competition, and political competition.
Game theory looks at competition , from a mathematical point of view .
Game theory looks at competition, from a mathematical point of view.
Game theory predicts very similar outcomes for the offer and the demand games.
Game theory provides a model for social organizations and cooperation between individuals.
Game theory provides a setting where saddle points are the solution concept.
Game theory provides the tools to analyze such problems.
Game theory sets up a matrix that shows all the possibilities of pricing that can exist.
Game theory shows companies how to improve their chances.
Game theory shows marketers how to cooperate and compete at the same time.
Game theory starts from a description of the game.
Game theory states that the true source of uncertainty lies in the possible actions of others.
Game theory studies formal models of conflict and cooperation.
Game theory studies more than just board games , sports , and games of luck .
Game theory studies more than just board games, sports, and games of luck.
Game theory studies strategic interaction in a wide variety of contexts.
Game theory studies strategic interaction in competitive and cooperative environments.
Game theory suggests reasonable solutions for classes of games and examines their properties.
Game theory takes the rules of the game as a given.
Game theory uses mathematical tools to study situations involving both conflict and cooperation.
Game time arrives and live action ensues.
Game time depends on television coverage.
Game time has yet to be announced, so pay attention to local media for more information.
Game time has yet to be announced.
Game time has yet to be determined.
Game time includes many exciting games of both mental and physical skill.
Game time is a fun and exciting time where team oriented games are played.
Game time is accellerated.
Game time is at noon.
Game time is dependent on the schedule of the department of transportation and traffic.
Game time is fast approaching.
Game time is forfeit time .
Game time is forfeit time and after one forfeit a team can be dropped out of play and tournament.
Game time is forfeit time on the first game of the match.
Game time is forfeit time, and after one forfeit a team can be dropped out of play and tournament.
Game time is forfeit time, there is no grace period.
Game time is forfeit time.
Game time is kept by a continuous pool clock.
Game time is noon.
Game time is scheduled for four o clock.
Game time is scheduled for noon.
Game time is set for noon Central time.
Game time is set for noon.
Game time is slated for a noon start.
Game time is slated for noon.
Game time is start time.
Game time is subject to change.
Game time is supposed to be fun-time.
Game time is the unknown as of press time.
Game time is three minutes.
Game time is to be announced.
Game time is yet to be announced.
Game time is yet to be determined.
Game time lasts about three minutes.
Game time means a starting time.
Game time moves ever closer.
Game time stops automatically when an important event occurs.
Game time unleashes childrens' energy and enthusiasm.
Game time vary depending upon sport.
Game times are at the discretion of the host institution.
Game times are Eastern time and subject to change.
Game times are one and half hours.
Game times are PM and local.
Game times are respective to the site.
Game times are subject to change if they are picked up for broadcast on television.
Game times are subject to change to accommodate conflicting schedules.
Game times are subject to change without notice.
Game times are subject to change.
Game times are to be announced.
Game times are yet to be determined.
Game times have yet to be determined for next week's Super Regional in Atlanta.
Game times have yet to be determined.
Game times vary by date.
Game times vary depending upon sport.
Game times vary.
All game times are Central times.
All game times are Central, subject to change.
All game times are in Central time.
All game times are in Mountain Standard Time.
All game times are local.
All game times are subject to change due to television.
All game times are subject to change.
Game turns are one minute long.
Game turns are seasonal.
Game turns are twenty minutes during daylight hours and one hour each at night.
A game warden is a custodian
Game wardens are always scarce and a poacher's territory is vast.
Game wardens are removable as provided by law.
Game wardens arrive in a boat.
Game wardens assist hunters in accidents, but they also monitor for poaching.
Game wardens charge our people for hunting and fishing on our own land.
Game wardens encounter dangerous situations.
Game wardens encounter situations.
Game wardens have all the fun.
Game wardens supervise expedition.
Game wardens supervise hunt expedition.
Game wardens use global positioning satellite services to track bears.
Many game wardens work in remote areas where law enforcement backup is rare.
Most game wardens encounter dangerous situations.
Most game wardens supervise hunt expedition.
Some game wardens kill animals.
Game world is twice as large as the original.
Game worlds have a limited space and have a different understanding of time.
Most game worlds are comparatively empty.
A game is an activity
Game allows each person a category of home, family, health, safety, and decision making.
Game also comes with digital sound effects.
Game also features player's chat.
Game also freeze frequently.
Game also uses animal sounds to reinforce memory.
Game are here.
Game are on-going monthly competitions open to anyone with a computer and Internet access.
Game are tons of fun, and the number of mecha is astounding.
Game attempts to allocate more memory than is available.
Game automatically centers on where a unit just moved.
Game automatically fills the screen regardless of monitor size or screen resolution.
Game automatically saves at checkpoints, which are located in different places in game map.
Game balls all around.
Game begins on the first day of each month.
Game begins with group lining up shoulder to shoulder.
Game begins with the soccer ball placed in the center of the field.
Game Build a Home Using blocks, tables, chairs, blankets and pillows, build some homes for animals.
Game called by darkness - let the curtain fall.
Game calls all sound very realistic as do the actual animals.
Game can freeze up.
Game can suffer from drought as much or more than the cow herd.
Game chiefly moose.
Game comes back in bits and pieces.
Game comes in keepsake tin container.
Game comes in one shipping unit.
Game concerns the analysis of strategy, and uses statistical theory to model types of uncertainty.
Game consists of deck of letter cards, speller cards, spoiler cards, six movers, and game die.
Game consists of three rounds.
Game contains two arcade sequences.
Game continues around.
Game continues in same fashion, until everyone has shared.
Game continues until a Leader fails to give the proper sequence of names and information.
Game continues until all cards have been played.
Game continues until all have had a turn.
Game continues until all participants have introduced themselves.
Game continues until all pieces are gone.
Game continues until all rotten food has been dispatched.
Game continues until everyone figures it out.
Game continues until goal is scored or the ball goes out of bounds.
Game continues until group has learned names well.
Game continues until members tire of it.
Game continues until only one person stays in and takes the pot.
Game continues until players are unable to reach around the circle.
Game continues until the whole group is working together.
Game continues until there is only one group left sitting on a chair.
Game continues until time permits or until all of the letters are marked off the list.
Game continues with a new object.
Game controls The game is played using the keyboard.
GAME covers the widest range of climates.
Game Create a game that teaches a biological concept.
Game cross off the word if another has it - winner has most words left.
Game does have some stability problems especially in campaign mode.
Game draws, results, player profiles and much more.
Game drive before and after breakfast.
Game drive on plateau in the afternoon.
Game drive on route to lodge.
Game drive overnight.
Game drive through park en route to camp.
Game drive through the fascinating red dunes in the evening.
Game drive through the park, arriving at the lodge for a late lunch.
Game drive through the park.
Game drives along the river reveals a rich wild life.
Game drives for the day.
Game drives in early morning and late afternoon.
Game drives in the central and western parts of the park.
Game drives in the eastern and central parts of the park.
Game drives in the park.
Game drives in the western and central parts of the park.
Game drives on open vehicles.
Game drives three times a day.
Game drives traverse from the forest to open plains and on to a river system.
Game drives with expert resident naturalists.
Game drops to console, instead of crashing, when a net game fails to load.
Game encourages sharing ideas and feelings.
Game ends after all cards have been won or after a game time limit.
Game ends and the people leave the stadium.
Game ends at game over as normal.
Game ends when all bases are destroyed or when aliens land.
Game ends when all but one of the players have been caught.
Game ends when all but one player are in t-shirts only.
Game ends when board cleared or deck exhausted.
Game ends when hostage is escorted by assaulting team to the designated starting point.
Game ends when innings or questions are completed.
Game ends when one person reaches a pre-determined score.
Game ends when one team scores ten points.
Game ends when players find a path back to the original song.
Game ends when players run out of room to draw.
Game ends when the last sheep is caught - they become the first wolf for the next game.
Game ends when the teacher calls time after the third scene has gone on for one minute.
Game ends when there is only one player left due to elimination or resignation of opponents'.
Game ends with predetermined score.
Game Faces Eyes on the prize.
Game faces, or perhaps fear and anxiety.
Game features nice high colors graphics, full sound track and sound effects.
Game features online tutorial, extensive poker dictionary, opponent setup and dazzeling graphics.
Game features, FAQ, multimedia, and discussion.
Game gets back underway.
Game gets more changing as it advances to the next round.
Game gets old very fast.
Game goes on.
Game goes to nine innings.
Game goes to overtime, yes or no with odds.
Game has a cartoon epic feel.
Game has a clear theme.
Game has a lot of graphics.
Game has a story to tell, and the races in the game are important actors on the stage.
Game has corner kicks and throw-ins.
Game has several levels of difficulty, but the missions remain the same.
Game has several maps with different gimmicks for each.
Game has similarities with nibbles.
Game have different control types and options.
Game helps students build memory skills while they learn about farm animals.
Game hens score.
Game here is become scarce.
Game here is very, very plenty.
Game includes a fair share of both deductive puzzles, and typical adventure ones.
Game includes a good tutorial on how to play.
Game includes a reference list for all parts of speech.
Game includes air-powered guns, washable pain ball ammo and headgear.
Game includes animation, music, and sound effects.
Game includes black wildebeest, buffalo and reedbuck, white rhino, giraffe and baboons.
Game includes completely new variants that use blocks build of hexagons and triangles.
Game includes deer, elk and upland birds.
Game includes deer, quail, wild turkey or Russian boar.
Game includes deer, small game, doves, pheasant, quail and turkey.
Game includes dove, turkey, deer, quail and duck.
Game includes elephant, black rhino, buffalo, plains zebra, hartebeest and big cats.
Game includes elephants, antelope, crocodiles, monkeys, many birds and a few lions.
Game includes sounds.
Game includes stereo sound.
Game includes two balls.
Game includes two hardwood spinning tops, braided spinning twine, and twelve hardwood pins.
Game includes two pucks .
Game includes two pucks.
Game includes whitetail deer, squirrel, cottontail and swamp rabbit, and bobwhite quail.
Game includes worldwide highscore list.
Game includes, deer, elk, wild turkey, bear, pheasant and wild boar.
Game introduces students to the fundamentals of mutual fund investing.
Game is a fun way to teach kids about pets.
Game is a great tourism resource.
Game is a gripping movie, powerful from the outset.
Game is a healthy, warming, and savory food, fit for the most delicate palate and east to digest.
Game is abundant and can be viewed on foot, from a vehicle or hides.
Game is abundant on the ranch and wise use has ensured continued abundance for the future.
Game is abundant with grouse, deer and wild turkey.
Game is abundant, and seafood always near.
Game is abundant, with moose being the most frequently sighted species in the region.
Game is also a local speciality.
Game is also a ubiquitous offering on restaurant menus.
Game is amusing and great fun to play.
Game is at the varsity softball field complex.
Game is available for wholesale purchase with no minimum order.
Game is back up.
Game is barely worth playing.
Game is based on popular TV show.
Game is best with at least five couples.
Game is better for older players, great game for married couples.
Game is big in the fall.
Game is called due to time limit.
Game is called in the bottom of the fifth.
Game is complete, and as nice inside as out.
Game is complete.
Game is designed for two players and incorporates the use of popsicle sticks.
Game is Done.
Game is equipped with rugged player mechanisms.
Game is excellent.
Game is Finally over.
Game is for two players taking turns moving stones.
Game is forty points.
Game is fun, addictive and hard.
Game is generally tougher than poultry, beef, pork and lamb.
Game is governed by the laws of the United States.
Game is in essence a mathematical concept, and such play is the very nature of mathematics.
Game is in good condition with some moderate wear to parts.
Game is in like new condition, all cards, markers and spinners included.
Game is incomplete.
Game is level-based.
Game is microchipped when moved from one location to the next.
Game is missed when bowhunters fail to bend at the waist when shooting downward.
Game is mostly interesting and eye-catching.
Game is MUCH better now, now that run rate is at a normal level.
Game is nice to look at.
Game is no longer playable.
Game is non-linear.
Game is now over, winners get paid, losers get more money.
Game is officially over when all game tickets are distributed.
Game is often abundant, attracting the cat predators, including leopard.
Game is on east field.
Game is on TV, if anyone cares.
Game is optional and other activities available.
Game is over if a falling block is stopped at the top line.
Game is over if the playing board overflows with blocks.
Game is over when all children have matched up the riddle to the answer.
Game is over when all defending players have been in the area.
Game is over when all players have been caught.
Game is over when no more pieces can be placed on the game field.
Game is over when the board is full.
Game is over when the entire field is painted.
Game is over when there are no more cards on the table.
Game is over when there are no moves left or no blocks.
Game is over.
Game Is Over.
Game is played either to a time limit or each player is given a set number of attempts.
Game is played high-low, with the spit card wild.
Game is played in chat rooms and on a message board.
Game is played in one hour quarters.
Game is played on an overhead projector and focuses on addends needed to get a desired sum.
Game is played with a rimless paddle and a ball slightly smaller than a tennis ball.
Game is plentiful as impala, kudu, duck, mountain reedbuck have found sanctuary here.
Game is plentiful.
Game is plenty - mourning doves, quail, cottontail and other rabbits very thick.
Game is prolific and has one of the highest concentrations of elephant on the continent.
Game is protected.
Game is ready for final bug testing.
Game is same, but hopes as different as settings.
Game is scarce in Vai country since most of the animals live farther inland in the jungles.
Game is scarce, increasing dependency on outsiders.
Game is seasonal and confusing.
Game is short but definitely replayable.
Game is simple, fun, good graphics, fast download.
Game is so scarce that only two or three families are able to hunt together during the long winter.
Game is sold out.
Game is somewhat interesting and eye-catching.
Game is spotted from the jeep, but all stalking is done on foot as soon as the game is sighted.
Game is still in development phase.
Game is subject to all federal, state, and local laws.
Game is subject to any and all applicable laws.
Game is tentative.
Game is the best of three sets.
Game is to be played at night, just as owners are about to fall asleep.
Game is to twenty-one.
Game is too close to call.
Game is underway.
Game is up for grabs, teams are very close in talent, as of now.
GAME is used in analyzing legacy databases.
Game is very beutiful in how the characters are drawn in battle.
Game is very easy to operate.
Game is very good.
Game is very plentiful and occasional hunting parties go from the coast there for the sake of sport.
Game is very simply.
Game is WAY too short.
Game is well prepared, but the fish can be disappointing.
Game is zipped up ready to run.
Game isa activity.
Game isa animal.
Game isa beast.
Game isa creature.
Game keeps track of top scores.
Game lasts until all squares are filled.
Game loads easily and features beautiful, big, bright, colorful graphics.
Game locks up.
Game lodges use generators which shut down at bedtime.
Game looks pretty interesting.
Game Make a Poster - How to make a good choice.
Game move constantly and fish move to different depths as temperatures change.
Game needs more than an add-on can give.
Game needs to have much more depth to it, and alot more gameplay.
Game never stops so players never have a chance to get cold.
Game notes Detroit lost three starters to injury.
Game notes for the opener are now available.
Game notes Philadelphia was New Orleans' second straight home sellout.
Game notes The Tennessee win was the first time the franchise has ever beaten Philadelphia.
Game notes vs.
Game now assigns more bandwidth to players with more creatures.
Game now functions properly when combat screen is filled with many obstacles, such as quicksand.
Game now plays blind.
Game occurs in different areas, due to the variety of habitats and climates in South Africa.
Game offers users hours of fun answering thousands of free trivia questions.
Game operates similar to musical chairs, with members circling as music plays, then stops.
Game Over Has a nice little drum bit at the end.
Game passes available.
Game paths through thicket are easy to spot, and useful places to set snares and gin-traps.
Game pays according to the table on top of the machine.
Game play after obtaining game full employment under review.
Game play allows children to visit the subject again and again in different ways.
Game play and hints As with most arcade games, the game play is simple.
Game play and hints The basic navigation of the game takes a little practice to grow accustomed to.
Game play automatically adjusts to the player's skill level.
Game play emphasizes resource management, combat and diplomacy.
Game play focuses on the illustrated cards which list all of a grappler's moves.
Game play from beginner to expert.
Game play in single player is very smooth.
Game play involves harvesting spice and building bases, troops, tanks, etc.
Game play Laws of game.
Game play modes require some explanation.
Game play moves seamlessly between interior and exterior locations.
Game play on higher levels is more difficult, and point values increase considerably.
Game play options including live internet play.
Game play over the Internet is fairly smooth.
Game play probably needs a hex map, although the rules earnestly support tabletop and inches gaming.
Game play quality, sleek graphics and sound make for a winning combo.
Game play takes place from a first person perspective using the popular Unreal game engine.
Game play takes place in the morning, with practices in the afternoon.
Game Play the game.
Game play via Heat.net is decent, although it suffers from enough latency to be annoyingly slow.
Game play with up to six players was mostly very smooth over the Internet.
Game play within each mission moves along in real time.
Game playing at other times is acceptable if no one is waiting for a seat.
Game playing during high use times is inappropriate.
Game playing on university owned equipment is on a resource available basis.
Game playing Write a controller that can play some kind of a game with a person.
Game plays a huge role.
Game plays a major role on the menu, and seafood with a serious Southwestern spin is a star.
Game plays pretty well.
Game plays very smoothly and animations are fluid.
Game plays without error and exits normally.
Game proceeds until all mice have become traps.
Game progressively gets more difficult.
Game Provides interactive games for more fun and enjoyment.
Game provides practice in the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
Game ranches for sale.
Game recipes A collection of wild game recipes from famous restaurants.
Game recognize game.
Game reports, stats, etc.
Game requires four players in teams of two.
Game requires plenty of skill and logic.
Game requires registration to play.
Game requires Shockwave plug in.
Game rides on horseback are a popular activity.
Game running through the snare disengages the trigger bar,and the prey is flung off the ground.
Game runs a bit jerky though.
Game runs fine in terms of system compatibility.
Game runs smoothly with minor clipping at the beginning of games.
Game runs, tours, potlucks, shows and parade participation are some of the clubs events.
Game s over.
Game Saves the game information for the currently selected game window.
Game seeking initiative is a very bad trait in a field trial dog.
Game seeking initiative is an extremely desirable trait in a gundog.
Game seems to crash a lot.
Game seems to pause a lot.
Game settings to be announced.
Game shows into development of a broad range of entertainment products.
Game shows irritated like a houseguest.
Game shows laps, times, speed and has a fastest lap league table.
Game shows love to tap people from out of town.
Game shows once stale are now fascinating.
Game Shows Try some of the solitaire variations.
Game simulates ever-changing weather patterns.
Game sits on shelf and collects massive amounts of dust.
Game sounds, graphics, and overall design is very similar to Vindicators .
Game sounds, on the other hand, are universally bland.
Game Specify the game executable here.
Game starts on time.
Game starts to respond very slowly.
Game starts with a kick-off in the center of the field by the team that won the initial toss.
Game still crashes.
Game suffers off the bench, but the consummate team player.
Game suggests a different relationship, of voluntary play within apparently serious reality.
Game takes a moment to load, please be patient.
Game takes forever to load and forever to save.
Game teaches matching of shapes.
Game tend to stay closer to water holes and chances to spot species are better.
Game tends to have a distinct taste and to be low in fat.
Game then proceeds from that point.
Game try to put all the pieces in alphabetical order, 'A' through 'O'.
Game update here.
Game updates for pro and college sports plus reports including schedules and standings.
Game uses a simple number line to help kids count and add.
Game uses battalion sized playing pieces.
Game uses lots of artificial intelligence.
Game uses the old drive over a power up mode for health and weapons.
Game viewing activities range from either by vehicle, on foot or by boat.
Game viewing here is excellent all year round.
Game viewing however is better in the dry season.
Game viewing in our custom built four wheel drive safari vehicles is also a rewarding experience.
Game viewing in Tanzania is excellent throughout the year.
Game viewing in the crater is extraordinary because of the unobstructed treeless landscape.
Game viewing on foot is simply one of the best possible wildlife experiences.
Game viewing on horseback is a unique experience.
Game viewing onsafari is by vehicle, foot and by boat.
Game viewing vans ferry visitors safely through the reserve.
Game walks accompanied by experienced ranger and tracker.
Game walks conducted by armed professional guides ranging from short excursions to longer trips.
Game walks early AM and evening.
Game walks, night game drives and on horseback.
Game wins alternated between the two.
Game works best with color printer.
Games allow a simplified feedback loop.
Games allow players.
Games allow students with different learning styles the opporturnity to learn in a different mode.
Games allow the students to have fun and review at the same time.
Games also go out of style.
Games also help break down personal barriers, enabling boys to develop confidence in their leaders.
Games also help check for comprehension.
Games also offer the prospect of winning.
Games also provide a safe arena for all human virtues and vices to be tested and played out.
Games also provide an entertaining escape from the normal rigors of school and work.
Games also provides good drill and practice activities for children.
Games also provides tips, hints and downloadable demos of computer and video games.
Games also represent an avenue of drawing students into a subject.
Games also transmit and receive massive amounts of network traffic.
Games are a better waste of time than TV or movies.
Games are a bit dull without sound though.
Games are a convenient leisure activity since outdoor entertainment options are limited.
Games are a creative teaching strategy that enhances learning.
Games are a different matter.
Games are a form of entertainment which allow individuals to relax and enjoy their computers.
Games are a form of fun .
Games are a fun situation for the children and coaches to be in.
Games are a fun way to learn more about the elements of the music being studied.
Games are a funny part of the business.
Games are a good example.
Games are a good mix and get better as the day progresses.
Games are a good way to develop eye hand coordination and develop electronics or computer knowledge.
Games are a good way to get to know people better.
Games are a great family value.
Games are a great study break.
Games are a great success usually because they are a lot of fun.
Games are a great way for kids to learn a language.
Games are a great way to educate people about space because they are fun and they can teach a lot.
Games are a great way to get that started.
Games are a great way to spend quality time with a young child.
Games are a huge market, where much imaging is currently unconvincing.
Games are a large class of applications for users because they are so interactive and engaging.
Games are a means for former students to come back to campus.
Games are a part of learning.
Games are a problem.
Games are a rewarding form of social interaction.
Games are a useful tool for classifying structures, such as bit strings and graphs.
Games are a very compelling application within the computer community.
Games are a very small part of life.
Games are a welcome break from the usual routine of the language class.
Games are a wonderful teaching tool and especially handy during the summer.
Games are about an hour and a half.
Games are about fun and magnetic mocap is the current cutting edge technique in animation.
Games are about learning to kick the ball and have a lot of fun.
Games are activities.
Games are again an excellent way of reinforcing concepts.
Games are aggressive in their use of memory.
Games are all about playing what other people are playing and gaining bragging rights.
Games are all over the North County at all different times.
Games are all over the North County at different times.
Games are also a great way of coaxing young, apprehensive swimmers into the pool.
Games are also a great way to entertain children.
Games are also afford that take advantage of the features in the chip.
Games are also available in the parlor.
Games are also fun to use and play.
Games are also great generators of traffic.
Games are also more elaborate than ever before.
Games are also rather cheap.
Games are also the measure of an operating system.
Games are also traditionally shorter.
Games are always an awesome spectacle to behold with team games being even more impressive.
Games are always close.
Games are always great.
Games are always hardware-intensive.
Games are always on weekends.
Games are always subject to cancellation by captains at the site.
Games are an Art form.
Games are an enjoyable way to provide review and extra practice for all children.
Games are an escape from reality.
Games are an excellent way to help students learn more about themselves and who they are as people.
Games are an obvious example, but there are many more.
Games are an opportunity for people to live out their fantasies and step outside themselves.
Games are animals.
Games are another example.
Games are another obvious use for MOOs.
Games are as old as Egyptian civilization.
Games are at the bottom ot the page .
Games are at the East Remote Field.
Games are at the high school or middle school.
Games are available any day.
Games are available before each and every Lynx home gaem.
Games are available both for free and for real bets.
Games are available for all ages.
Games are available for download compiled or as source code.
Games are available for online play too.
Games are available for players of every ability.
Games are available for players of every level.
Games are available for purchase and cashing.
Games are available for the members to use during pool hours.
Games are available now, unless otherwise indicated.
Games are available online for play.
Games are available online or in printable form.
Games are available with several skill levels.
Games are avalible for any student or staff member of the college to check out.
Games are beginners duplicate bridge only.
Games are bottled and flavored experiences.
Games are but a small part of their online plans.
Games are by their very nature some of the hardest apps to build.
Games are capable of competition.
Games are capture the flag, but new or different versions are welcomed.
Games are children's first stage in their adaptation for the rules of life.
Games are coin operated and some activities require fees and advance registration.
Games are color-coded.
Games are commercial vehicles to make businesses and individuals money.
Games are competitions and competitions require rules and discipline.
Games are competitive and the rules are loose.
Games are competitive forms of play.
Games are competitive, with trophies awarded to winners.
Games are completely customizable.
Games are complex in both manner of design and play.
Games are contests.
Games are cooperative in nature and focus on including all participants.
Games are co-ordinated according to the level of play.
Games are created by programmers.
Games are critical development in the evolution of man machine iterfaces.
Games are critically different from other art forms such as film, theatre and literature.
Games are definitely a commercial endeavor, featuring highly polished commercial art.
Games are developmental.
Games are different than practice.
Games are differnt than practice.
Games are dispensible.
Games are diversion.
Games are dynamic, intrinsically motivating, and involve high levels of involvement.
Games are eligible if they are educational or informational in content.
Games are entertaining.
Games are entertainment and fun.
Games are entertainment.
Games are ephemerals.
Games are everywhere and on everything.
Games are everywhere.
Games are exciting - nerve racking, at times.
Games are expensive and it's tough getting a ticket, giving the place almost an exclusive feel.
Games are fast, and there is room for variations in play.
Games are fast, fields are compact and rules are easy to learn.
Games are fast, fields are compact, and the rules are easy to learn.
Games are fast.
Games are fast-paced and high scoring.
Games are five dollars each.
Games are for everyone.
Games are for fun but are semi-competitive.
Games are for fun, to play, and the folks there are a bunch of fun.
Games are for letting the players go.
Games are for performing the range is for practice.
Games are four innings long.
Games are free and require no extra plug-ins.
Games are free, but registration is required.
Games are free, too.
Games are free.
Games are fun .
Games are fun and can be educational aswell, especially when adults play, too.
Games are fun and the arts are enriching.
Games are fun to decide upon since so many things based on the history and time can be used.
Games are fun to play.
Games are fun, fast, and intense, but intensely Spirited.
Games are fun, intellectually stimulating and challenging.
Games are fun, so many programmers take the pay cut.
Games are fun.
Games are fun.
Games are games.
Games are generally low-key, with emphasis on learning and having fun.
Games are global.
Games are good way to keep customers entertained while they are waiting for something to happen.
Games are good, but there are a few interesting conferences as well.
Games are good.
Games are great for any age of guest.
Games are great for both kids and adults, and encourage interaction.
Games are great problem solving practice.
Games are great with that extra sound.
Games are heavy users of joysticks.
Games are held for all children and a pooled supper follows.
Games are held most weekends, all year, except for some holidays, so be sure to call first.
Games are highly motivating since they are amusing and at the same time challenging.
Games are home and home with the regional participants.
Games are important for relaxing at the end of a long day.
Games are in chronological order, and are dated.
Games are in conflict.
Games are in developement, in the meantime come and play games made by other people.
Games are in stock and ready to be shipped.
Games are in.
Games are informal, and coaches often play along with students.
Games are inherently non-linear.
Games are inserted at the top and an extension cable slot is located on the top right side.
Games are interactive.
Games are just for fun, but are taken pretty seriously by participants.
Games are just immature and completely destructive.
Games are just that, games.
Games are like play, but have an end or a payoff and involve suspense.
Games are like the beginning of the movie business.
Games are likely to be lengthy, especially with three or four players.
Games are limited by either time or overs.
Games are limited to an hour if someone else is waiting to use facilities.
Games are limited to hour if there s a line-up.
Games are located in arcades.
Games are located in ballparks.
Games are located in carnivals.
Games are located in casinos.
Games are located in drawers.
Games are located in fairs.
Games are located in family rooms.
Games are located in parties.
Games are located in shops.
Games are located in stores.
Games are located in tables.
Games are located in toy stores.
Games are long and substitutions and breaks are few and far between.
Games are made of rules.
Games are make-believe.
Games are meaningless enough, but without rules are chaos.
Games are meat.
Games are metaphorical.
Games are moderately competitive.
Games are more educational than most software that tries to be educational.
Games are more emotional and intense.
Games are more important than they seem.
Games are more significant than activities but less significant than sports.
Games are more similar in the modern world to music and movies than anything else.
Games are more than just fun.
Games are much faster.
Games are much funner to do than just boring adult stuff.
Games are much the same.
Games are never over 'till they are over.
Games are never to be played on the system by students.
Games are nine innings, unless mutually agreed prior to the game.
Games are no different.
Games are normally out of scope unless part of a training package.
Games are now available for viewing.
Games are now browsable by letter, genre, as well as a search function.
Games are now saturday afternoons - perfect for the family.
Games are occupations.
Games are often boisterous, with players challenging one another's moves.
Games are often preferable to drills.
Games are OK as long as they are work or school related.
Games are on great footing if innovation is used to judge their merit.
Games are on modified-sized fields.
Games are on really shaky ground here.
Games are on smaller fields but have refs, flags, and some line markings.
Games are on Sundays and are recreational in nature.
Games are on Sundays with one official provided for each match.
Games are on the field directly behind the high school.
Games are on their way.
Games are on Thursdays during the season.
Games are on weekday evenings.
Games are one of the great unanswered questions of the new operating system.
Games are one of the largest market segments in the software industry.
Games are one possibility.
Games are one way to get recalcitrant seniors hooked.
Games are ongoing, but enthusiasts are always looking for new blood.
Games are only fun if everyone is participating.
Games are only one kind of play, and play is only one kind of pastime.
Games are open to all certified divers regardless of level or experience.
Games are open to the public.
Games are open, often stratified, non-smoking.
Games are organized play that includes competition on an individual or team basis.
Games are overpriced and game companies are making too much anyhow.
Games are part of sets.
Games are parts.
Games are play.
Games are playable and it does have sound.
Games are playable in java, flash, html, and CD versions.
Games are playable over email - normally through 'Judges'.
Games are played over ten rounds, each round has four questions per team.
Games are played, a supper meal is served, and a devotional is given.
Games are popular especially when played on game boards with a circus or science fiction theme.
Games are popular online, as well.
Games are popular, so try to buy tickets down the foul line at first or third base in advance.
Games are possible, but very difficult.
Games are quick and fit nicely into a short break from work.
Games are rather complex and time consuming.
Games are ready to eclipse Hollywood as the most lucrative form of entertainment.
Games are real.
Games are really hard.
Games are recreational only with no officials.
Games are relatively easy to re-install, if needed.
Games are retired because they don t seem to spark the same enthusiasm of other games.
Games are ritual s best preparation.
Games are rule-governed activities that use inventiveness, imagination, and thinking.
Games are run repetitively with no terminating conditions.
Games are scores.
Games are semi-competitive but are played for fun.
Games are seven innings in length.
Games are seven innings or two hours, whichever comes first - unless the game is tied.
Games are seven innings, with a two and a half hour time limit.
Games are seven innings.
Games are single games.
Games are six kinds in total.
Games are smarter than our souls.
Games are so critical now.
Games are social .
Games are something which everyone loves to play.
Games are still as easy to insert and remove as well.
Games are still very effective teaching tools.
Games are stored on the SD card and can be pulled up and played directly from the transmitter.
Games are stuck and unknowing.
Games are stupid and they're never any fun.
Games are stupid when they're that unrealistic.
Games are subject to change.
Games are subject to possible local blackouts.
Games are successful when enough people think they're fun.
Games are suitable for all ages.
Games are supposed to be the opposite of work, so is art.
Games are televised and professional players are treated, as well as paid, like sports stars.
Games are tests also.
Games are the answer to everything.
Games are the coolest thing in the world.
Games are the last element of introducing the concept.
Games are the most collaborative, creative, and energizing form of entertainment on earth.
Games are the most common type of CD-ROM product in the consumer market.
Games are the most compelling interactive content on any digital network.
Games are the most elevated form of investigation.
Games are the perfect arena for risk taking and experimentation.
Games are the primary vehicle for basic fact practice in that program.
Games are the respective property of their owners.
Games are the same way.
Games are the true high-end of the computer market.
Games are the work of children .
Games are there for anyone who wants to play.
Games are there to win, after all.
Games are times and speed can be adjusted.
Games are tired of being wired.
Games are to be fun.
Games are total games played in the playoffs.
Games are two fifteen minute halves.
Games are two twenty minute halves, running clock.
Games are underway.
Games are used for amusement.
Games are used for entertainment.
Games are used for fun.
Games are used for winnings.
Games are user-friendly and nonthreatening to children.
Games are usually a fun and relaxing way for students to see how much they have learned.
Games are usually fairly quick but strategy is vitally important.
Games are usually high scoring with more than their share of homers.
Games are usually pretty slow and the betting is low.
Games are usually tight and they come down to one or two plays or miscues.
Games are usually very simple with flags playing an integral role in most.
Games are venerable and have long histories.
Games are very graphics dependent and so have opted for optimal performance.
Games are very much about solving puzzles, racking up points and winning.
Games are very popular with seniors Give the senior a written copy of the procedure.
Games are very popular.
Games are very specific.
Games are video-taped.
Games are vigorous and encourage physical activity.
Games are violent because that's what the kids prefer.
Games are what drove technology and the computer market.
Games are what sell a gaming device.
Games are when practices show up.
Games are where the practices of the last few days shine through.
Games are wonderful because they offer a brief respite against life's innumerable absurdities.
Games are wonderful, little treasures.
Games are words.
Games are, for the most part, looking a lot better then they ever have in the past.
Games authoring systems are the future of game programming.
Games authoring systems are the future of games programming.
Games automatically save at the beginning of each level.
Games based on hit movies are frequently a bit disappointing.
Games become just games.
Games begin and end with a handshake.
Games begin at noon both days.
Games begin at noon each day.
Games begin in the fall.
Games begin soon.
Games begin today with a rematch of last year's championship, New York at Houston.
Games begin with no less than eight players per team.
Games bring families and kids of all ages together.
Games bring family members together for fun while giving kids a painless lesson in personal finance.
Games bring out the competitive nature of human beings.
Games can accommodate groups of any size.
Games can accomplish a large scale of activities and convey more than skill improvement.
Games can actually offer something new to the world.
Games can aid word of mouth by encouraging customers to spread the word to their friends.
Games can also be therapeutic.
Games can also educate in math, science, etc.
Games can also install older extensions and control panels, namely 'Game Sprockets' and 'MacIPX'.
Games can also provide occasions for adults and children to play together.
Games can also take up a fair amount of room.
Games can be a fun way to pass some time sometime.
Games can be a fun way to teach leadership and control.
Games can be a good way to rehearse basic tactics.
Games can be a great way to have fun but can also be boring.
Games can be a great way to introduce everyone or just a good old-fashioned way to have some fun.
Games can be a great way to make a child interested in financial matters.
Games can be a single round or repetitive.
Games can be a very fast way to grow any community.
Games can be competitive, but the primarily goal of the group is to have fun playing lacrosse.
Games can be fair or unfair, depending on the rules.
Games can be freeware, shareware or commercial.
Games can be friendly or dangerous.
Games can be from one to nine innings in length.
Games can be from six to eight minutes, depending on the time allotted for the event.
Games can be fun sometimes, but usually a one time venture.
Games can be loud and distracting.
Games can be old favorites or new inventions.
Games can be one, three, five, seven, or nine innings in length.
Games can be original.
Games can be quick but important segments of class time.
Games can be quiet or they can be active.
Games can be singles - one against one, or doubles, triples.
Games can be used to help speech therapy, especially in children with, for example, cleft palate .
Games can be useful learning tools.
Games can become sick.
Games can confuse reality and fantasy.
Games can consist of a few short questions or several levels of multiple questions.
Games can continue if a player's connection is dropped.
Games can easily turn from a fun pastime into a nightmare of excess and addiction.
Games can either be singles or doubles.
Games can end in a tie, unless it is a playoff game.
Games can end in a tie.
Games can end with a tie.
Games can engage people fully.
Games can explain complicated product features.
Games can feature special themes, tasks, powers, characters etc.
Games can get rough.
Games can give practice in following directions, problem solving, or use of fine motor skills.
Games can give practice in following directions.
Games can help children learn other skills as well.
Games can interfere with each other.
Games can involve skill, luck, or both in some measure.
Games can last anywhere from six hours to five days.
Games can last for eons, potentially.
Games can last from one night to three days, and are staged throughout Florida.
Games can last through several adventures, often requiring several game sessions to complete.
Games can make use of each key, increasing the number of controls by a factor of fifteen.
Games can move quickly making a fun cybershow to watch.
Games can never have enough memory.
Games can now save printable score sheets and performance graphs.
Games can provide occasions for adult and child to play together.
Games can provide occasions for adults and children to play together.
Games can provide practice in use of fine motor and spatial skills.
Games can range from a few hours in the evening to two days long.
Games can reflect life.
Games can simulate gravity, friction and materials such as water, wood and gas.
Games can support up to sixteen players, and they play very smoothly.
Games can take a long time to finish however, but the fast-play rules help somewhat.
Games can, and often are, more than one style of game.
Games come and go, sports endure forever.
Games come on little cards that fit into a slot on the handheld unit.
Games come second.
Games come to life with fluid movement, and rich textures without compromising speed.
Games come with dice and place markers if needed to play that game.
Games come with instruction manual, original box, and plastic cover.
Games consist of three periods, each lasting nine minutes.
Games consist of two eight-minutes halves.
Games consist of two halves.
Games consist of two twenty-four minute halves and are officiated by licensed referees.
Games consist of unlimited numbers of Events which are inserted sequentially as the game occurs.
Games consist of unlimited numbers of Plays which are inserted sequentially as the game occurs.
Games continue to be very important.
Games continue until all children have had at least one turn.
Games cover addition, subtraction, multiplying, and division.
Games cover basic decimal concepts, equality and inequality and four operations with decimals.
Games covered include fantasy, pool, rotisserie, simulation, and trivia.
Games create appearances of what is, otherwise known as realities.
Games create Realities.
Games create the wrong learning atmosphere.
Games designed by online casinos are actually very easy to play.
Games designed for mobile devices already have a number of unique advantages over other platforms.
Games differ in how they approach death.
Games disappear from a schoolyard, only to reappear, as if by magic, years later.
Games do have bugs and students tend to be intolerant of delays.
Games driven by a PC are different than the console.
Games emphasize competition and entertainment oftent referred to as edutainment.
Games enhance the learning process.
Games exist to entertain, yes.
Games feature the most advanced technology and are sure fun for hockey fans of all ages.
Games featured are obstacle course, moonwalk, bungee run and serpent maze.
Games feel much more life-like and realistic as well.
Games focus on skills.
Games focus on survival skills.
Games follow plots.
Games forfieted are red.
Games fulfill a number of educational purposes.
Games generally have rules and restrictions, as well as an opponent.
Games generally involve a progression in ability as is required for sports.
Games generally last less than an hour, so dust of the sneakers, buy a jumper, and get signed up.
Games generally move a bit faster.
Games generally work better for retailers with multiple locations and a broad customer base.
Games go from nine in the morning to approximately three in the afternoon.
Games have (part) brains.
Games have (part) cell membranes.
Games have (part) cells.
Games have (part) corpi.
Games have (part) cytoplasm.
Games have (part) ears.
Games have (part) faces.
Games have (part) heads.
Games have (part) nuclei.
Games have (part) plasma membranes.
Games have (part) sections.
Games have (part) skulls.
Games have (part) vacuoles.
Games have a lot in common with sports, and the two sometimes overlap.
Games have a point, of course.
Games have a running time of one hour each.
Games have a start, end, and a lot of the times they have a winner and losers.
Games have a tendency to turn into a slugfest.
Games have a wealth of levels and difficulties giving literally hundreds of hours of play.
Games have a whole extra dimension when played with friends.
Games have a wide appeal to users all over the world.
Games have accurate casino limits and player payback percentages.
Games have better graphics, sound and full motion video.
Games have different rules.
Games have effects.
Games have entirely different requirements.
Games have goals, and games, especially RPGs, normally have set enemies to bash or avoid.
Games have no time limit.
Games have other outlets, and so do sky watchers.
Games have players, teams, rules, and fun.
Games have players.
Games have purposes.
Games have rules and that s for a good reason.
Games have rules which are institutional, public, and systematic.
Games have rules.
Games have rules.
Games have several attributes that are important for our purposes.
Games have single players.
Games have specific purposes.
Games have steps, rules, and strategy.
Games have the luxury of requiring the game CD, which makes using a mere serial number difficult.
Games have the potential to build Internet communities.
Games have the same values as board games , but they are printed on cards or in other formats.
Games have their place.
Games have times for the team to take a break and perhaps rethink their strategies.
Games have types.
Games have unlimited undo and several difficulty levels.
Games have villains.
Games help kids.
Games Here are links to some tools, groups, networks, and introductions to Internet game-playing.
Games immediately follow.
Games involve activities.
Games involve forces.
Games involve more than just questions of productivity or entertainment.
Games involving chance imply the property instinct.
Games involving independent play include unique challenges.
Games just happen to be one of the most challenging applications to write.
Games keep track of accuracy in responses, allowing supervisors to evaluate performance.
Games live in their natural surrounding within the boundaries of the forest.
Games lubricate the body and the mind.
Games made by students To see our foreign language homepage, click here .
Games make bad plots.
Games make for great fun and are a terrific pass time.
Games Make Great Gifts.
Games make learning fun and does help students learn and retain the information.
Games make tutoring sessions more lively and interesting for both the tutee and the tutor.
Games mean more.
Games naturally start out closed.
Games Needs to be checked for new base images.
Games now display more correctly and more smoothly.
Games now work.
Games nowadays tend to use pre-rendered sequences of frames to represent their characters in motion.
Games offer further opportunity to build accuracy and speed.
Games offer more interaction than spreadsheets or word processors.
Games offer motivating, easily customized reinforcement activities.
Games offer wonderful playing fields for developing mathematical problem-solving skills.
Games organize social dealings.
Game's over after five misses, but a new game is just a mouse click away.
Games played are in red.
Games played by email are naturally viral.
Games predate written history and are a part of man's social evolution.
Games present a limited ruleset.
Games promote physical, emotional, and social development as well as intellectual.
Games promote the exchange of ideas.
Games provide delightful practice in a variety of areas.
Games provide experience.
Games really test a desktop PC to the limit.
Games records moves using a simple letter and number coordinate system.
Games require active participation.
Games require different framerates on different computers because of a computers limitations.
Games require no download.
Games require skills.
Games require travel to continental Europe.
Games resemble basketball-type games in nature but the ball is passed as in lacrosse.
Games riit vai pariit.
Games room off dining room.
Games run during the professional sport's season.
Games run fast and smooth, and that includes flight-simulator games.
Games run like crap on the service.
Games run long, often an hour or more.
Games run non-stop and so does the prize money.
Games run on a time limit - but can go as long as five hours.
Games run over set time periods, and there are separate divisions for adults and school teams.
Games run the gamit from fantasy, sci-fi, western, to just plain weird, but always a lot of fun.
Games run very smoothly.
Games seem to pimp the passing game ad nauseam.
Games show players.
Games slyly teach about fitness, health, physics and other scientific phenomena.
Games supported by SL also have to be popular enough to support an active community.
Games take a looooong time.
Games take about a week to get to California.
Games take advantage of capacious hard disks, and the bigger and sharper the monitor, the better.
Games take less than one hour to complete.
Games take place at various locations.
Games take place inside of a cube .
Games take place inside of a cube.
Games take place seven nights a week in Burke, Virginia.
Games take precedence over practices.
Games take second priority.
Games take the drudgery out of practicing math and add the challenge of thinking more efficiently.
Games take the form of multiple choice questions.
Games take time.
Games take tokens, which are available at the entry to the water park.
Games take very little performance hit because of it, and it is incredibly easy to use.
Games teach colors, shapes, matching and pattern recognition.
Games teach kids important life skills such as patience, concentration, teamwork and perseverance.
Games teach kids.
Games teach players.
Games teach the alphabet, sorting, matching shapes and much more.
Games tend to be great tension reliever.
Games tend to be more recreational in nature and usually are more sedentary.
Games tend to be very long and are so called pass fights.
Games there are virtually unplayable.
Games thrive on uncertainty and usually involve some kind of guessing on what to do next.
Games track both mini and maxi points.
Games ure forbidden in the labyrinth.
Games use basic math skills of addition, subtraction, multiplication and division.
Games use features.
Games use no materials or ones easy to find around the house.
Games use reusable stickers, game board and question cards.
Games vary in location, headers, and times.
Games vary with the line and the size of the vessel.
Games win cash and prizes from a number of games and contests.
Games always go over very well.
Games always seem to come in late and over budget.
Games often confuse reality and fantasy.
Games often depend on recognized film genres, milieu and stars for branding and marketing.
Games often generate trees since there's no way to back up a move.
Games often give huge help files and readme files.
Games often have graphical menus, rather than the menu bar across the top.
Games often require more resources than other programs.
Games often require special system extensions.
Games usually end up with the scores being very close and exciting.
Games usually last less then an hour.
Games usually pit two two-man teams against each other.
Games usually require at least one and preferably more opponents or partners.
Games usually span anywhere from a few weeks to a few months.
All games always end in a tie.
All game are double-headers.
All game drives in the Kruger Park.
All game drives with expert guides.
All game is hunted by fair chase methods.
All game is packed from downed location and delivered to the local meat packing plant or base camp.
All game shows, both old and new.
All games accept tokens only.
All games also have a grand prize and an assortment of daily prizes.
All games are a maximum of eight ends, with extra ends played to break ties.
All games are accessible right off the main screen.
All games are after school.
All games are always high on emotion and are battles to say the least.
All games are Arizona time.
All games are at Carmichael Auditorium.
All games are at home school addresses unless indicated.
All games are at home unless otherwise indicated.
All games are at home.
All games are at Southern Ice in Cool Springs.
All games are at Southern Ice in the Cool Springs area.
All games are at the Higher seed for every round including final.
All games are attractive with large clear printing.
All games are available at stakes that suit players of all skill levels and bankroll size.
All games are available for download from their respective sites.
All games are available for purchase or leasing.
All games are available in single or multiplayer format.
All games are available now in North America.
All games are browser based.
All games are browser.
All games are by coupon purchases only.
All games are cash and carry.
All games are center flag, with live flag rule.
All games are complete and in VG or better condition.
All games are complete games and five are shutouts.
All games are complete with rules, cards, game boards, and chits.
All games are complete.
All games are completely mouse driven, easy to play, and instantly accessible.
All games are currently in beta testing.
All games are double headers unless otherwise noted.
All games are double headers with the second game following shortly after the first.
All games are double headers, except as noted.
All games are double headers.
All games are doubleheaders unless indicated.
All games are doubleheaders unless otherwise noted.
All games are doubleheaders.
All games are double-headers.
All games are downloadable in seconds.
All games are duplicate style, which means each deal is played at several tables during the session.
All games are easy to control and fun to play for kids and grownups as well.
All games are easy to play and it's free.
All games are easy to play, nonviolent and consists of only one executable each.
All games are eight ends, with extra ends played to break ties.
All games are episodes.
All games are exhibition and there is no admission charge.
All games are exhibition.
All games are fifteen points unless specified otherwise.
All games are for PCs only.
All games are FREE and available to all registered members.
All games are free and open to the public.
All games are free and require no extra plug-ins.
All games are FREE and require no extra plug-ins.
All games are FREE and require NO extra plug-ins.
All games are FREE and require no plug-ins.
All games are free except for electronic games.
All games are free of charge.
All games are free of ultra-violent content and other unwanted material.
All games are free of use.
All games are free to play and real money prizes are given away daily.
All games are free to play.
All games are free to students, faculty and staff during hours of operation.
All games are free to the public.
All games are free.
All games are freeware without restrictions.
All games are full-length, and each team is guaranteed three games.
All games are fully functional after downloading.
All games are games of skill with time limits, no games of chance or gambling.
All games are graphed according to completed versus non-completed games.
All games are gunboat no-press.
All games are home games.
All games are important.
All games are in alphabetical order.
All games are in chatroom that bears our name, and start on the hour.
All games are in effect sudden death.
All games are in excellent to near mint condition.
All games are in macromedia format.
All games are in perfect condition with everything they came with new unless noted.
All games are in pgn format and the files are zipped.
All games are in shockwave and offer amazing state of the art graphics.
All games are in their original shrinkwrap unless noted.
All games are inherently social since they require interaction with another person.
All games are inherently voluntary.
All games are java, javascript, java applet or shockwave.
All games are local Phoenix time.
All games are loose carts unless listed otherwise.
All games are mandatory.
All games are NoList.
All games are non-smoking.
All games are normal game times for the age groups.
All games are now available.
All games are official once the fourth inning has been completed.
All games are on as scheduled.
All games are on campus and within walking distance from the air-conditioned dorms.
All games are on Sundays.
All games are on the challenge system.
All games are on the omni-turf.
All games are open to ALL students.
All games are open to the public and admission is complimentary.
All games are open to the public at no charge.
All games are open to the public free of charge.
All games are open to the public with free admission.
All games are open to the public.
All games are operational and available for visitor play.
All games are paper.
All games are PC versions unless specified otherwise.
All games are pickup games.
All games are played on the flat, so teams that have the better players have a huge advantage.
All games are professionally umpired.
All games are refereed to insure player safety and fairplay.
All games are regulation size.
All games are relative.
All games are self-refereed.
All games are seven innings or one hour and ten minutes.
All games are seven innings.
All games are single elimination play-offs.
All games are six innings long, with the possibility of extra innings.
All games are solvable games.
All games are state of the art and offer superior graphics and sound.
All games are subject to change depending on the conditions of the weather.
All games are subject to change without notice.
All games are subject to change.
All games are table stakes.
All games are ten ends.
All games are tentative and are subject to change.
All games are to be played by the rules.
All games are to be played to a winner.
All games are to be played with balls and strikes.
All games are Web TV compatible.
All games are welcome.
All games are well-explained.
All games are winners.
All games begin no later than eight minutes after the end of the previous game.
All games boast free admission.
All games can be easily homemade.
All games carry playoff implications.
All games come in a different color at no extra charge.
All games come in sleeved holders in one box.
All games come with full install instructions , and information on parameters where applicable.
All games conform to the usual Las Vegas rules.
All games contain the idea of death.
All games count equally .
All games count for IECG rating, of course.
All games count toward a league title, however there are two separate league champions.
All games depend on balance.
All games do count in the group standings for determining playoff placement.
All games end after eight numbers have been drawn.
All games feature lavish graphical worlds with superbly modelled objects.
All games feature nice graphics and smooth gameplay.
All games get a little rough sometimes.
All games have a grade on the box and a grade for the contents.
All games have an audio broadcast and some have video Internet broadcast as well.
All games have excellent odds.
All games have fast colorful graphics and video sound affects.
All games have fast, colorful graphics and video sound effects.
All games have rules.
All games have their merits.
All games have to have unique names.
All games have very nice graphics and sounds.
All games have warm, woody colors.
All games involve shooting or looting.
All games keep a complete audit trail ensuring added security.
All games keep a complete audit trail ensuring fairness and security.
All games listed are 'abandonware', or games that are no longer sold in the stores and hard to find.
All games listed are home games.
All games listed are the property of their respective gamemasters.
All games listed below are subject to change without notice.
All games listed have the download urls and information on the game.
All games listed in bold are home games.
All games listed on the site are FREE to play online, so enjoy.
All games listed on the site or linked to are the intellectual property of their respective holders.
All games make trade offs.
All games mentioned are trademarks of their respective development companies.
All games now feature comprehensive tutorials .
All games now run at a playable speed.
All games offer on-screen help and advice, video instruction and money management.
All games offer the same or better odds than traditional land based casinos.
All games provide positive reinforcement.
All games relate to the theme of that day's session.
All games relate to the theme of that evening's session.
All games represented are copyrights of their respective owners.
All games require a browser that supports java.
All games require a way to keep score and determine who has won the contest.
All games require mathematical thinking and developing strategies.
All games require no download, meaning no interupption in the sales process.
All games require no extra plugins and are easy to play.
All games run at full speed and have full sound.
All games run satisfactory.
All games seen below in red are verbal commitments by the coaches.
All games share a are progressive jackpot that is continually updated with each screen refresh.
All games support individual use or two player competition.
All games take place on the campus of competing institutions.
All games take time to master.
All games work flawlessly.
Any game can turn from a blowout to a nailbiter all the way down.
Any game fulfilling four or more out of seven of the tenets is included.
Any game harvested is included in the bag limit of their licensed adult supervisor.
Any game has rules.
Any game is a big game.
Any game is barely a snapshot.
Any game is welcome.
Any game is winnable on the schedule.
Any game looks absolutely beautiful.
Any game makes better tablefare if it is immediately field dressed after being taken.
Any games require prizes.
Every game also has a help page with instructions and a page of reviews by kids.
Every game automatically starts at the first skill level.
Every game can cause problem sometimes.
Every game comes with the pressure built in.
Every game coming up is important.
Every game counts - after tonight.
Every game counts for a point in the final score.
Every game counts in college football.
Every game counts the same, but when it comes to rivals, the satisfaction adds a little spice.
Every game counts, though.
Every game counts.
Every game ever invented by mankind is a way of making things hard for the fun of it.
Every game feels like the seventh game of a playoff.
Every game generates a world .
Every game has a background story.
Every game has a certain number of keys needed to activate i.e. weapons in a game.
Every game has a different map situation.
Every game has a goal.
Every game has a number of MODs.
Every game has a set of rules.
Every game has a start, a middle and conclusion.
Every game has a winner, no draws.
Every game has completely random placement, so every game is a brand-new game.
Every game has critical times.
Every game has elements of danger, and risk.
Every game has it's own identity.
Every game has optimal mixed strategies for both players.
Every game has rules, and golf is no exception, even when competing online.
Every game has rules, and the interview is no exception.
Every game has rules.
Every game has screenshots, review and user's comments.
Every game has slightly different strategy rule comparing straight flushes and high cards.
Every game has that.
Every game has to be do or die.
Every game has to be played.
Every game has to have some sort of scoring system, and golf is no exception.
Every game has to look at making itself better, keeping up with the times.
Every game has to start somewhere.
Every game here is a tough game.
Every game here is like a playoff game.
Every game involving the national team is a big event.
Every game is a battle.
Every game is a big game.
Every game is a challenge.
Every game is a different game, and over the course of it things happen mistakes.
Every game is a different game.
Every game is a game to steal.
Every game is a huge game.
Every game is a learning experience.
Every game is a little more difficult.
Every game is a nail-biter.
Every game is a new challenge.
Every game is a new game .
Every game is a pain in the ass to make, if it's any good.
Every game is a playoff situation.
Every game is a potential loss.
Every game is a season within itself.
Every game is a separate game.
Every game is a series of momentum swings.
Every game is a test.
Every game is a tight game.
Every game is a totally different story.
Every game is a tough game, and they're going to overtime or being decided by seven points.
Every game is a tough game.
Every game is a war.
Every game is accompanied by analysis and commentary.
Every game is an adventure and a potential ordeal.
Every game is an event.
Every game is an important game.
Every game is another step toward the end result.
Every game is approached a little differently due to a variety of factors.
Every game is believed to be winnable, they say.
Every game is big time.
Every game is big, and there is little margin for error.
Every game is big.
Every game is close.
Every game is completed software product, which is fully functional.
Every game is critical now.
Every game is critical.
Every game is crucial right now.
Every game is crucial.
Every game is customized to precisely match the rules and options for that game.
Every game is described and analyzed in detail, with ideas and variations found in no other book.
Every game is different and encourages strategic thinking.
Every game is different and presents a new set of challenges.
Every game is different too.
Every game is different with endless combinations that amount to hours and hours of fun.
Every game is different, and each requires different play mechanics.
Every game is different.
Every game is emphasized.
Every game is filled with intense, close combat action.
Every game is given a complete backboard electrical and mechanical connection inspection.
Every game is hard.
Every game is huge now.
Every game is huge, it's like playoff hockey.
Every game is huge.
Every game is important in league play.
Every game is important no one game is more important than the next.
Every game is important right now.
Every game is important, no matter who it is against, because there are always upsets.
Every game is important.
Every game is in stunning VGA color and most games contain full sound.
Every game is interactive .
Every game is just like they are now.
Every game is just so different.
Every game is like a World Series game.
Every game is like one goal or it comes down to one lapse or down to the wire.
Every game is like that.
Every game is like the seventh game of the World Series.
Every game is listed with score, date, teams, head coaches, score and site.
Every game is looked at as equally important as the next in conference play.
Every game is meaningful.
Every game is more important than the last one.
Every game is new.
Every game is nine innings, so anything can happen.
Every game is now important.
Every game is one-sixteenth of the schedule.
Every game is played at a high level now.
Every game is pressure.
Every game is really a challenge.
Every game is reviewed and rated.
Every game is saved and can be tried again at a later time.
Every game is so close.
Every game is so crucial in conference.
Every game is so important.
Every game is so much fun.
Every game is so tough.
Every game is sold below list price.
Every game is sudden death.
Every game is televised, every play is critiqued, and every outcome is reported around the world.
Every game is televised.
Every game is tough.
Every game is unique.
Every game is very, very important.
Every game just seems to get bigger and bigger.
Every game means so much.
Every game means something.
Every game needs a referee.
Every game needs auto-download.
Every game needs it's annoyances, keep up the good work.
Every game needs rules for Vehicles.
Every game needs rules.
Every game needs to interact with something.
Every game now becomes more important.
Every game now is a championship game.
Every game now is like a seventh game in the playoffs.
Every game now starts off as a war of attrition, a softening up process.
Every game now takes on importance and magnitude.
Every game presents a new set of challenges.
Every game presents challenges.
Every game promises passionate excitement.
Every game provides a wealth of learning opportunities.
Every game really counts.
Every game requires a lot of hard work.
Every game seems to have a blizzard of yellow laundry.
Every game starts there and in some cases ends there too.
Every game starts with a serve and every game ends with a serve.
Every game starts without passwords.
Every game still counts to determine a place in the final standings.
Every game takes a side-on view where players can move around in any direction in two dimensions.
Every game takes on a new connotation.
Every game there are at least one or two plays where guys miss an assignment and a big play occurs.
Every game there is a new hero.
Every game there's changes in the lineup.
Every game's a battle.
Many games aim to have one killer feature, the original idea that gets potential buyers excited.
Many games are also available in versions for other computers.
Many games are available for free download from the Internet.
Many games are buggy.
Many games are high in 'flash' but low in 'fun'.
Many games are nonviolent and are designed to appeal to younger gamers.
Many games are nothing more than an electronic worksheet.
Many games are possible under such a system.
Many games are suitable for a wide range of ages, from child to adult.
Many games build on historic games or complicated rules.
Many games can be as easy to learn as beginner s chess or checkers.
Many games contain objectionable material, behavior and attitudes.
Many games contain 'wandering monsters', characters who walk around the map.
Many games cost publishers several million dollars.
Many games do have children events.
Many games do.
Many games fail when they get hot.
Many games go to great lengths to entertain.
Many games have a client that is also a server.
Many games have a purpose in life.
Many games have broad applications in classrooms.
Many games have multiplayer capabilities, but there are very few split screen titles.
Many games have the capability for two or more people to play with or against each other.
Many games involve the same allelopathic ideas as the games above.
Many games only offer an arena of weapons, killings, kicking, stabbing and shooting.
Many games only offer an arena of weapons, killings, kicking, stabbing, and shooting.
Many games only require simple round counters.
Many games provide an instructors manual.
Many games require an hour or even more.
Many games suffer from troubled economies.
Many games tend to promote frustrated thinking which can develop a headache or worse.
Many games therefore boil down to who can get crates more rapidly.
Many games turn on referees' mistakes.
Many games use cards with questions, information, or instructions.
Many games use maps of journeys.
Many games use random events to determine the outcome.
Many games use sprites to represent the player characters, monsters, missiles and items in the game.
More games also means more risk of injury.
More games are in the making.
More games are on the way.
More games go into production than hit the store shelves.
More games See what games are available elsewhere.
Most game shows entertain without providing much real education, if any.
Most games allow players.
Most games are actually playable, just slightly sluggish.
Most games are afternoon games.
Most games are at night, day games on Sundays.
Most games are boring, with one winner and a bunch of losers.
Most games are boring.
Most games are fifteen minutes in duration, with a rest period between games.
Most games are fine for many individuals.
Most games are freeware or shareware.
Most games are games of skills.
Most games are in the evening, with some afternoon games.
Most games are in the evenings or on weekends and provide levels of play for all athlete s.
Most games are now open to both genders, including investing.
Most games are on the weekends.
Most games are onetime sells.
Most games are over by then.
Most games are playable now.
Most games are rife with coding cheese that was never trimmed during the rush to market the product.
Most games are sellouts, so it s best to plan as far ahead as possible.
Most games are skin-deep, but cricket goes to the bone.
Most games are suitable for children of all ages.
Most games are supports and the sound works fine.
Most games are to large to put into one file.
Most games are very entertaining and are based on logic and skill.
Most games based on movies suck.
Most games come right down to the end, and whoever makes the plays at the end wins.
Most games come with a basic and advanced set of rules.
Most games contain alot of information.
Most games end there.
Most games end when one player runs out of cards. .
Most games end with one team being beaten.
Most games fail to initialize, and give a cryptic error message.
Most games fill up relatively quickly.
Most games focus on skills.
Most games focus on survival skills.
Most games follow plots.
Most games have a few ordinary levels that can be beaten in a few minutes.
Most games have a limited window of potential success.
Most games have a scoring system that makes a team focus on specific goals.
Most games have a time limit, but it is generous and allows for boots and delays.
Most games have a way to adjust the sound effects and music.
Most games have different rules.
Most games have effects.
Most games have lots and lots of full screen movement.
Most games have multiple difficulty levels.
Most games have players.
Most games have progressive jackpots.
Most games have purposes.
Most games have reviews.
Most games have rules.
Most games have screenshots.
Most games have single players.
Most games have some sort of built in resurrection function.
Most games have specific purposes.
Most games have to be bought for linux due to the cost of porting involved amongst other things.
Most games have to be downloaded first and are Free.
Most games have types.
Most games have villains.
Most games help kids.
Most games involve a deck of cards, but colored chips, dice, or dominoes are also used at times.
Most games involve a shooting marble.
Most games involve activities.
Most games involve drawing in the dirt, using rocks or sticks as writing instruments.
Most games involve forces.
Most games involve taking numerous gulps of beer with each turn.
Most games lack that particular feature so finding people is a bit more work.
Most games lately are sequels or prequels, or outright copies of some other genre.
Most games let the user observe the world from a fixed point, or interact with it using an agent.
Most games look easy from the sidelines.
Most games now have the option of playing others through a modem or an Internet site.
Most games offer a prize for the highest scoring player.
Most games offer canned synthecrap that is more of an irritant than a complement to the game.
Most games operate in two dimensions.
Most games provide experience.
Most games provide the option to select hardware acceleration or software emulation.
Most games provide three skill levels and various rule options.
Most games remember certain settings to the game such as audio or controller settings.
Most games require quick starts and quick stops.
Most games require skills.
Most games run fine without.
Most games run turns every day, so there's always an opening for new players.
Most games seem to treat the crucial combat experience like a necessary evil.
Most games seem to work.
Most games show players.
Most games sold today have multiplayer capabilities.
Most games start with the good stuff to draw the player in, and ramp up the difficulty from there.
Most games stop at simple valour - brave and cunning combat to kill a clear foe.
Most games store their values for money, energy, lives etc. in memory while they are running.
Most games take place over the Internet, the combatants miles and countries apart.
Most games take themselves way too seriously.
Most games teach kids.
Most games teach players.
Most games tend to use as much memory as they can get.
Most games use a single board.
Most games use features.
Most games utilize a score that is either orchestral or made up of hit pop music.
Most games view things through the prism of movement and combat.
Most games work fine with keyboard controls, the mouse, or a combination of the two.
Most games work great on the emulator, although speed is still an issue.
Some games often have very crucial puzzle elements that go unnoticed because of their interface.
Some game features unavailable on some computers.
Some game have annoying pops and clicks though.
Some game require certain calibers etc.
Some game show moments stick out in our minds.
Some games actually try to write into ROM for protection.
Some games allow just about any player to kill any monster alone, given the tactics or perseverance.
Some games allow multiple players to connect to the same game through a modem connection.
Some games also allow a high card to rank in a case where no other hand is played to beat it.
Some games also feature a timer.
Some games also have a custom border when played on the Super Game Boy .
Some games also have a custom border when played on the Super Game Boy.
Some games also have reviews and multiple download locations.
Some games also teach, educate, and exercise the mind.
Some games appear in more than one category.
Some games appear more than once under various names.
Some games are a more CPU intensive than others and require more horsepower.
Some games are a wee bit too fast, but there are many games that run smoothly.
Some games are about shopping, or history, or playing.
Some games are advanced with highly-serious players, while others are more relaxed for beginners.
Some games are almost like movies in themselves.
Some games are available in German, French, Swedish, Spanish and Chinese as well as English.
Some games are available on video as well.
Some games are basketball and soccer.
Some games are better than others.
Some games are different than others.
Some games are easy and comes out almost every time.
Some games are easy to win.
Some games are educational and are considered to be valuable learning tools.
Some games are empowering.
Some games are exercises in wit and logic.
Some games are fairly easy, some are more difficult.
Some games are for pairs of people, with two players on each side.
Some games are frickin' awesome.
Some games are fun.
Some games are games of chance where the learner has very little control.
Some games are games of wit, like Trivial pursuit.
Some games are gender-neutral, and have attracted female gamers.
Some games are great and some games stink.
Some games are hard fought blood-baths that stir the soul.
Some games are incompatible with the different display standards.
Some games are intensely serious, while others are just plain silly.
Some games are just a pain to review.
Some games are just for fun, but others offer prizes up for grabs.
Some games are just soo cheezy that they are fun.
Some games are like that.
Some games are limited to a one-time admission.
Some games are lots of fun.
Some games are more complex than others and thus are inherently more time consuming.
Some games are more unique than others.
Some games are neither.
Some games are never forgettable.
Some games are only for one system .
Some games are only for one system.
Some games are original and others are just computer incarnations of card games.
Some games are particularly greedy for conventional memory.
Some games are played with two dice and some use only one .
Some games are played with two dice and some use only one.
Some games are pretty miserable to watch.
Some games are rather boring.
Some games are really close to being completely out of print.
Some games are simply for the caller's individual entertainment.
Some games are strategical masterpieces that invite pages and pages of analysis.
Some games are that way, too.
Some games are unplayable with fully disclosed information.
Some games are very difficult.
Some games are very glitched.
Some games are worth downloading because, well, it's basically free.
Some games become global phenomena.
Some games become phenomena.
Some games break the ice and allow people to trust and play more freely together as well.
Some games buy outtakes from old recording sessions.
Some games can actually have an edge for the player, resulting in a negative house edge.
Some games can also use dual screens.
Some games can bog down with five or more so a quick playing game is usually the best.
Some games can go on without end since they allow repeatable positions.
Some games cater to thirst, some games server to quest.
Some games choose to support both, in hopes to gather customers from both sides of the tracks.
Some games claim to be revolutionary, but very few actually can live up to that claim.
Some games come from experience.
Some games come in loud and clear, while others are barely audible.
Some games continue to be played today while others have vanished into obscurity.
Some games demand proprietary control of a computer's memory.
Some games do contribute to learning.
Some games draw big crowds, and all skill levels are present.
Some games enhance experience.
Some games even have editors for adjusting gameplay.
Some games exist in several different versions.
Some games explain functions.
Some games focus on fields.
Some games focus on life.
Some games get so close to greatness and just miss it.
Some games give answers.
Some games give information.
Some games go as far to show close up facial reactions.
Some games have a different meaning in dog language than they do in people language.
Some games have a lot of branching, a lot of choices there.
Some games have a mixture of positive and negative value cards.
Some games have abilities, skills, advantages, etc.
Some games have amazing music, causing the graphics engine to slow down a little.
Some games have animals.
Some games have available demos.
Some games have competitive or cooperative goals that provide shared control.
Some games have different names in different countries.
Some games have features.
Some games have historical interest.
Some games have inventors that are known.
Some games have kudos that computer games have a hard time to match.
Some games have mailing lists so the authors can discuss future episodes and plot lines.
Some games have many players.
Some games have more spectator appeal than others.
Some games have mouse-support, though.
Some games have opportunity.
Some games have patches before they've even been on shelves for a week.
Some games have prehistoric animals.
Some games have rights.
Some games have settings like a basketball game and outer space, and points are accumulated.
Some games have single small spots.
Some games have small spots.
Some games have some nudity or suggestions of sex.
Some games have special runs explained on the board.
Some games have specific rules to insure a more enjoyable gaming experience.
Some games have spots.
Some games have story written for months in advance.
Some games help quality.
Some games illustrate evolution.
Some games introduce facts.
Some games involve acceleration.
Some games involve baseball.
Some games involve children.
Some games involve dices.
Some games involve injuries.
Some games involve spinners.
Some games involve wheels.
Some games just have to end in a big hurry.
Some games make a virtual reality environment through special goggles that the player wears.
Some games manage a great simulation of the real thing.
Some games offer cash prizes.
Some games offer special game play symbols.
Some games offer varying terrain, but it is nothing more than eye candy.
Some games pay our cash instantly.
Some games produce footnotes every now and then.
Some games promote development.
Some games provide better chat opportunities than others.
Some games provide practice in problem solving and logic.
Some games provide practice in problem-solving and logic.
Some games provide wealth.
Some games recreate the thrill of sporting activities, whilst others give a sense of creativity.
Some games rely on a chilling atmosphere to draw in the gamer.
Some games require a posting of results.
Some games require a shockwave plugin.
Some games require additional fee.
Some games require an internet connection.
Some games require assigning hole events to a player.
Some games require effort.
Some games require in depth strategy in order to win.
Some games require knowledge of certain games systems, so just be aware of that.
Some games require much larger areas of space than others.
Some games require nothing to download or install.
Some games require retail version.
Some games require samples for sound.
Some games require shockwave.
Some games require special downloads, also available here.
Some games require strenuous effort.
Some games require tests.
Some games require that certain software be present on a computer before it can be installed.
Some games require that the same color marbles are to be fed to both slots.
Some games require the user to select the correct switch from a choice of two.
Some games require very little interaction and some are extremely social.
Some games require working as a team , while others require single skills .
Some games require working as a team, while others require single skills.
Some games result in injuries.
Some games run on it.
Some games seem to offer new twists, often with attitude, on traditional genres.
Some games sell much faster than others.
Some games show ages.
Some games simulate darkness by using black fog.
Some games speak for themselves and have light notes.
Some games store their important values in dynamically allocated memory.
Some games take longer to come down, but most become rather cheap within a couple years.
Some games temporarily lock while playing a sound.
Some games try to run but stall during their intros.
Some games turn out well and make it to the market.
Some games unfortunately do have to take the bullet.
Some games use a skeletal animation system, while some use a mesh-based system.
Some games use actual actors and actresses in stories which are essentially interactive movies.
Some games use an additional object ball.
Some games use extensions more than others.
Some games use images, scrambling the inner blocks but leaving the outside one intact.
Some games use neural networking technology to create characters who can learn as they go along.
Some games use resistors.
Some games use the arrow keys instead of the mouse without giving instructions.
Some games use the screen refresh cycle more directly.
Some games use vocabulary.
Some games utilize a prorated scoring system that rewards players for predicting unexpected exits.
Some games vary by store.
Some games warrant a page or pages to themselves.
A gamecock is a cock
Gamecocks head down the final stretch of the regular season.
Gamecubes games have replayability and last for days, months, and years past their prime.
A gamekeeper is a custodian
Gamekeeper isa keeper.
Gamekeepers are almost powerless against the sophisticated machine guns used by poachers.
Gamekeepers enter looking for an observation post.
Gamekeepers have (part) arms.
Gamekeepers have (part) body substances.
Gamekeepers have (part) cell membranes.
Gamekeepers have (part) cells.
Gamekeepers have (part) corpi.
Gamekeepers have (part) cytoplasm.
Gamekeepers have (part) heads.
Gamekeepers have (part) human bodies.
Gamekeepers have (part) legs.
Gamekeepers have (part) material bodies.
Gamekeepers have (part) necks.
Gamekeepers have (part) nuclei.
Gamekeepers have (part) personality.
Gamekeepers have (part) plasma membranes.
Gamekeepers have (part) sections.
Gamekeepers have (part) vacuoles.
Gamekeepers look on tresspassers with deep and sometimes fatal suspicion.
Gamekeepers make effort.
Gamekeepers often blame buzzards for preying on pheasant chicks.
Most gamekeepers make effort.
Some gamekeepers kill rabbits.
Gamelan music accompanies many different events in Balinese society.
Gamelan music is almost completely percussion.
Gamelan music is performed as a group effort, and so there is no place for an individual showoff.
Gamelan music is used throughout the film, along with the sensual court dance of Thailand.
Gamelan music teaches cooperation, listening.
A gamelan is an ensemble
Gamelan contains links to Java applets Collection Sites.
Gamelan is s depository for java applets and resources.
Gamer Gifts Get the latest game and more.
Games boys play.
Games club does lots of fun, frenetic things in addition.
Games companies make sports games to appeal to sports fans.
Games designers have to try to account for nearly infinite ideas regarding powers and game balance.
Games engines are in the software section.
Games managers play.
Games masters are schoolteachers.
Gameses of chance are located in carnivals.
Games sites are various gymnasiums and ballfields throughout the city.
Games theorists love auctions because in an auction the rules of the game are clearly defined.
A gamesmanship is inequity
Gamesmanship comes into play at the same time.
Gamesmanship is the antithesis of sportsmanship.
Gamesmanship is there to stay.
Gamesmanship offers an irreverent view of sports and life.
Some gamesmanship becomes misconduct.
Gametangial cells pair up and undergo meiosis.
Gamete nuclei are exchanged.
Gamete production takes place in specialized crypt-like structures known as conceptacles.
Gamete type is extremely conservative character.
Gamete union results in a zygote, the first cell of a new organism.
A gamete is a sex cell
Gamete isa cell.
Gametes also exit through nephridiopores in many annelids and through the mouth in a few species.
Gametes are a delicacy in many cultures.
Gametes are always haploid, whereas zygotes are diploid.
Gametes are an organism's reproductive cells.
Gametes are created out of germ cells.
Gametes are delicate single cells.
Gametes are diploid, a zygote is haploid.
Gametes are equal in fertility.
Gametes are eukaryotic cells.
Gametes are formed by a kind of cell division called meiosis.
Gametes are formed by a type of cell division called meiosis .
Gametes are formed in Chlamydomonas in exactly the same way as daughter individuals.
Gametes are formed in reprodutive structures at the tips of gametophytes.
Gametes are formed in the f gonads, which themselves arise from endoderm in the embryo.
Gametes are formed in the same way as the zoospores, but are smaller and more numerous.
Gametes are formed in the same way as zoospores, but are smaller and more numerous.
Gametes are formed that fuse to form zygote.
Gametes are germ cells.
Gametes are haploid cells used in sexual reproduction.
Gametes are haploid cells, and each cell carries only one copy of each chromosome.
Gametes are haploid cells.
Gametes are haploid egg or sperm that fuse to form a zygote.
Gametes are haploid to preserve the diploid number.
Gametes are haploid.
Gametes are involved in sexual reproduction.
Gametes are just like vegetative cells.
Gametes are made by a process called Meiosis.
Gametes are made during a process of cell division called meiosis .
Gametes are normally haploid.
Gametes are produced by a process called meiosis .
Gametes are produced by 'germ cells'.
Gametes are produced by meiosis .
Gametes are produced in gametophytes through mitosis.
Gametes are produced in structures called gametangia.
Gametes are produced in the cortex.
Gametes are produced in the gametophytes.
Gametes are produced in the male testes and female ovaries by a process called meiosis.
Gametes are produced in the male testes and female ovaries by a splitting process called meiosis.
Gametes are produced via meiosis.
Gametes are released from the medusae into the water.
Gametes are released into the coelom where maturation proceeds.
Gametes are released into the ocean via the gonopores, located on the comb-rows.
Gametes are released through the nephridia .
Gametes are released through the nephridia.
Gametes are reproductive cells, such as sperm and egg.
Gametes are sex cells, and haploid cells are cells containing half of a full set of chromosomes.
Gametes are sex cells.
Gametes are single haploid cells.
Gametes are spawned from early spring through to summer with increased spawning activity in spring.
Gametes are specialised cells that combine to produce progeny.
Gametes are specialized sex cells formed in gonads by gametogenesis.
Gametes are the egg and sperm cells used to form a new individual during sexual reproduction.
Gametes are the only haploid cells.
Gametes are the sex cells, sperm and egg.
Gametes are the sperm and egg of the seaweed.
Gametes are usually haploid, but diploid, triploid, etc, gametes are possible.
Gametes arise by proliferation of germinal cells that line the follicle wall.
Gametes being haploid are made by mitosis in haploid thallus.
Gametes can differ greatly in genetic make-up and compatibility.
Gametes can fuse only when one is plus and other is minus.
Gametes carry genes from parents and fertilization happens.
Gametes contain a random assortment of maternal and paternal alleles.
Gametes contain a random assortment of maternal and paternal chromosomes.
Gametes contain half as many chromosomes as the parent cell.
Gametes contain half the number of chromosomes found in body cells.
Gametes eventually join to form sporophyte.
Gametes fuse randomly and new organisms contain one factor from each parent.
Gametes fuse to form a diploid zygote, which develops into a new sporophyte.
Gametes fuse to form a zygote that develops via mitosis into a diploid adult.
Gametes fuse to form a zygote, which is the only diploid phase.
Gametes fuse to form diploid zygote.
Gametes fuse to produce the diploid generation, which grows into the adults.
Gametes haploid, one of each allele.
Gametes have (part) cell membranes.
Gametes have (part) chromatin.
Gametes have (part) chromosomes.
Gametes have (part) corpi.
Gametes have (part) cytoplasm.
Gametes have (part) cytoskeletons.
Gametes have (part) lobes.
Gametes have (part) nuclei.
Gametes have (part) plasma membranes.
Gametes have (part) sections.
Gametes have (part) vacuoles.
Gametes have a single set of chromosomes.
Gametes have half the number of chromosomes as the other cells in the body.
Gametes have half the number of chromosomes found in other cells from the same organism.
Gametes have only one member of each homologous pair.
Gametes join randomly in fertilisation with many possible combinations.
Gametes join together to form a complete juvenile plant.
Gametes normally meet in the fallopian tube.
Gametes only have one set of chromosomes.
Gametes pass to mantle cavity.
Gametes produced by one type of thallus are compatible only with gametes produced by the other type.
Gametes result from meiosis .
Gametes undergo no cell division themselves, but they fuse to form a diploid zygote.
Gametes unite at random and irrespective of the other gene pairs involved.
Gametes unite at random in the gamete pool to produce diploid offspring.
Gametes unite during sexual reproduction to produce a zygote.
Gametes vary in shapes and sizes in different animals.
All gametes carry that allele.
All gametes produced by females contain an X chromosome.
Most gametes simply enlarge to form the female gamete or macrogamete.
Gametic isolation is prezygotic isolation in the most literal sense.
A gametocyte is a cell
Gametocytes are cells.
Gametocytes are germ cells.
Gametocytes are large and circular or ameoboid.
Gametocytes arise from erythrocytic asexual stages.
Gametocytes enter mosquito gut.
Gametocytes have a characteristic crescent shape appearance.
Gametocytes ingested by the fly vector undergo sporogony to continue the cycle.
Gametocytes present emerge from their red cell hosts, and become haploid gametes.
Gametogenesis includes meiosis and maturation and produces sperm and oocytes.
Gametogenesis includes spermatogenesises.
Gametogenesis is based on meiosis.
Gametogenesis is growth
Gametogenesis is growth.
Gametogenesis is meiosis.
Gametogenesis isa development.
Gametogenesis isa growth.
Gametogenesis means formation of gametes.
Gametogenesis refers to the maturation of germ cells, resulting in gametes.
Gametogenesis takes place by mitosis.
Most gametogenesis includes spermatogenesises.
Some gametogenesis occurs during autumn.
Gametophyte development takes places.
Most gametophyte development takes places.
A gametophyte is a plant
Gametophyte isa plant.
Gametophytes are always diploid.
Gametophytes are green and free living.
Gametophytes are green and leafy, but small.
Gametophytes are haploid and produce gametes by mitosis.
Gametophytes are heterothallic and isomorphic.
Gametophytes are leafy and stand upright.
Gametophytes are more conspicuous than sporophytes.
Gametophytes are multicellular organisms.
Gametophytes are photosynthetic and often heart-shaped.
Gametophytes are photosynthetic.
Gametophytes are plants.
Gametophytes are the multicellular haploid stage and produce gametes by mitosis.
Gametophytes are the parent of the baby fern.
Gametophytes are tiny, subterranean, heterotrophic, and grow with the aid of symbiotic fungi.
Gametophytes are unisexual, producing either antheridiophores or archegoniophores .
Gametophytes arise from a protonema.
Gametophytes can be male or female or both.
Gametophytes comprise plants.
Gametophytes contain chloroplasts.
Gametophytes develop from the spores, and the life cycle begins again.
Gametophytes develop habits.
Gametophytes develop sexual organs and produce sperm and egg cells.
Gametophytes go through mitosis.
Gametophytes have (part) cell membranes.
Gametophytes have (part) cells.
Gametophytes have (part) corpi.
Gametophytes have (part) cytoplasm.
Gametophytes have (part) nuclei.
Gametophytes have (part) plant parts.
Gametophytes have (part) plasma membranes.
Gametophytes have (part) sections.
Gametophytes have (part) vacuoles.
Gametophytes have central axis with leaflike structures around it.
Gametophytes have chlorophyll.
Gametophytes have female organs.
Gametophytes have female reproductive organs.
Gametophytes have haploid cells.
Gametophytes have organs.
Gametophytes have reproductive organs.
Gametophytes look like liverworts, but send up tiny moss like sporophytes.
Gametophytes obtain nutrients.
Gametophytes produce archegoniums.
Gametophytes produce female organs.
Gametophytes produce female sex organs.
Gametophytes produce gametes by meiosis a.
Gametophytes produce gametes by mitosis.
Gametophytes produce gametes that unite to form zygotes, which develop into new sporophytes.
Gametophytes produce gametes via mitosis in structures called gametangia .
Gametophytes produce gametes, egg and sperm, by mitosis.
Gametophytes produce male organs.
Gametophytes produce organs.
Gametophytes produce plurilocular gametangia.
Gametophytes produce propagative structures called gemma cups.
Gametophytes produce sex organs.
Gametophytes produce the male sperm and female eggs.
Gametophytes provide nutrients.
Gametophytes require moisture.
All gametophytes are haploid.
Most gametophytes comprise plants.
Most gametophytes contain chloroplasts.
Most gametophytes develop habits.
Most gametophytes go through mitosis.
Most gametophytes have chlorophyll.
Most gametophytes have female organs.
Most gametophytes have female reproductive organs.
Most gametophytes have organs.
Most gametophytes have reproductive organs.
Most gametophytes obtain nutrients.
Most gametophytes produce archegoniums.
Most gametophytes produce female organs.
Most gametophytes produce female sex organs.
Most gametophytes produce male organs.
Most gametophytes produce organs.
Most gametophytes produce sex organs.
Most gametophytes provide nutrients.
Most gametophytes require moisture.
Some gametophytes absorb water.
Some gametophytes become sporophytes.
Some gametophytes consist of archegoniums.
Some gametophytes consist of leaves.
Some gametophytes derive nutrients.
Some gametophytes develop elements of vascular tissue.
Some gametophytes develop from haploid spores.
Some gametophytes develop from spores.
Some gametophytes develop germination.
Some gametophytes develop spore germination.
Some gametophytes grow from buds.
Some gametophytes grow from tiny buds.
Some gametophytes grow into ferns.
Some gametophytes grow setae.
Some gametophytes grow spirals.
Some gametophytes have antheridiums.
Some gametophytes have archegoniums.
Some gametophytes have heat.
Some gametophytes look like flat leaves.
Some gametophytes look like leaves.
Some gametophytes look like scaly leaves.
Some gametophytes possess archegoniums.
Some gametophytes produce haploid spores.
Some gametophytes produce leaves.
Some gametophytes produce lipids.
Some gametophytes produce offspring.
Some gametophytes produce ovaries.
Some gametophytes produce phases.
Some gametophytes produce pheromone.
Some gametophytes produce spores.
Some gametophytes produce sporophytes.
Some gametophytes reach maturity.
Some gametophytes rely on fungi.
Some gametophytes undergo mitosis.
Some gametophytes use mitosis.
Gametophytic incompatibility is found in clovers, grasses, sugar beets, potato, and tobacco.
Gaming addiction is a never-ending cycle that affects a lot of players.
Gaming addiction is obviously at issue.
Gaming cards are playing cards.
Gaming clans are normally very close, just as the original clans where.
Gaming clans are similar to the old tribal systems of Scotland and Ireland.
Gaming consoles require a different version.
Gaming laws are a major problem, however.
Gaming magazines do that better.
Most gaming magazines tend to offer a more equal balance.
Gaming regulation involves overlapping and complicated issues.
Gaming regulation varies depending on the jurisdiction in which the activity takes place.
Gaming tournaments are in their infancy.
Gaming also has a large and growing user base.
Gaming also is a major employer.
Gaming also represents a relatively easy source of taxation revenue.
Gaming becomes an activity that is done as a 'together thing'.
Gaming Come in and check out our specials on games and controllers. .
Gaming consists in playing cards, dice, billiards and the like, for mere amusement.
Gaming continues to thrive in Mississippi with large crowds packing a new resort.
Gaming contributes to a lot of the problems.
Gaming die in clear plastic container.
Gaming emulates life, albeit life of a more colorful variety.
Gaming fundraisers Our organisation wants to hold a money-raising raffle.
Gaming however is very critical to CPU and video performance.
Gaming includes blackjack, poker,craps, Caribbean stud, mini-baccarat, and let it ride.
Gaming includes the risk of having social problems of crime and pathological gambling.
Gaming involves the creation of an artificial environment or situation.
Gaming is a bipolar activity.
Gaming is a chance to think and strategize.
Gaming is a curse on our society.
Gaming is a form of entertainment, just like any other game.
Gaming is a highly attractive method.
Gaming is a highly regulated industry.
Gaming is a major employment source.
Gaming is a recreation industry intended specifically for adult entertainment.
Gaming is a spiritual exercise, especially when there are explosions and fully automatic weapons.
Gaming is a very hot content area.
Gaming is a very stable business, and is now perceived as a safe haven in high yield.
Gaming is about discretionary, disposable time and money.
Gaming is about to become bigger than the game.
Gaming is an economic boon to many communities by providing jobs and contributing tax revenues.
Gaming is an intensive hobby.
Gaming is another attraction that is only minutes southeast of town.
Gaming is basically an adult version of make believe.
Gaming is depicted as an obsessive hobby, played, for the most part, by social outcasts.
Gaming is dominated by slots, but the casino floor includes a good mix of table games.
Gaming is fast, very fast in fact.
Gaming is great fun and a great place to meet fun exciting people.
Gaming is here to stay.
Gaming is incredibly popular.
Gaming is just as much about winning as it is creating a laugh or two.
Gaming is just one.
Gaming is legal throughout many parts of the county.
Gaming is nearby as well.
Gaming is Nevada's largest industry.
Gaming is on the second floor.
Gaming is one of the best releases from the real world, yet still being in the real world.
Gaming is one of the new big spending destinations.
Gaming is one such issue.
Gaming is pretty specific.
Gaming is relaxing, educational and keeps our brains active and healthy.
Gaming is simply faster on PCs.
Gaming is squarely behind it as a way to broaden customer bases and the branding of corporate names.
Gaming is supposed to be fun.
Gaming is the most popular application on the Internet today.
Gaming is the name of the game.
Gaming is the same way.
Gaming is very active, very competitive.
Gaming is very personality driven and an interactive game.
Gaming is very popular with broadband access because it gives users instant gratification.
Gaming is where the PCWorks really excel.
Gaming opens up new jobs and provides tax revenue to the state.
Gaming picks up a large share of the taxes in Nevada.
Gaming spreads North Carolina is the nation's most populous state without a lottery.
Gaming still runs the state, of course.
Gaming stretches the mind and, depending on the game, refreshes the soul.
Gaming teaches competition strategies, cooperation and teamwork, and conflict resolution.
All gaming is done on secure encrypted servers.
Most gaming is relatively open with walk-in players welcome.
Gamma camera See Nuclear medicine , below.
Gamma diversity is the number of species that live in a heterogeneous region.
A gammon is bacon
Gammons argues that the officer lacked a reasonable suspicion to stop the vehicle.
Gampi papers are translucent and tough.
Gancyclovir delivery provides for cell kill selecting for transfected cells.
Gandalf image is from Webshots .
Ganders are extremely defensive of the nesting goose during nesting season.
Ganders are the male geese.
Gandhian conflict proceeds in a series of clearly distinct steps.
Gandhian era begins.
Ganesh worship is prescribed specially for the chaturthi .
Gang activities create an atmosphere of intimidation in the entire school community.
Gang activity decreases sharply in neighborhoods where the youth are engaged in gardening.
Gang activity is a broad community problem and requires broad community solutions.
Gang activity is a relatively new problem that has ominous potential for growth.
Gang activity is a serious and complex subject.
Gang activity is a widespread cultural phenomenon that negatively affects our society in many ways.
Gang activity is more complex than it has ever been, encompassing a wide range of groups.
Gang activity is no longer just a big city problem.
Gang activity offers that closeness, that sense of family that is often lacking in the home.
Gang activity seems to have leveled off, except when it comes to drugs.
Gang activity spreads throughout suburban and rural America.
Gang activity stops after curfew hours begin.
Gang activity varies in the Austin area.
Most gang activity occurs away from schools.
Gang culture is sophisticated.
Some gang gang cockatoos have techniques.
Gang graffiti decorates their walls.
Gang houses are within close proximity to the park.
Gang houses are within close proximity to the parks.
Gang kids tell their own stories about life on the streets.
Gang leaders do, seemingly, accumulate the best comforts and privledges that prisons have to offer.
Gang leaders eat with with gentle grandmothers.
Gang members are criminals whose actions range from drug dealing to drive-by shootings to murder.
Gang members are male minorities.
Gang members are more likely to be armed during periods of inter-gang conflicts.
Gang members are only ethnic minorities.
Gang members are only male.
Gang members are out there trying to find a family that some never had.
Gang members are poor kids.
Gang members are responsible for a disproportionate share of criminal and delinquent offenses.
Gang members are sometimes armed.
Gang members can be very ethical by the standards of their gang, but against the law.
Gang members commit a variety of crimes.
Gang members commit serious and violent offenses at a rate several times higher than other youths.
Gang members commit significant portions of the serious violent crime that occur in Clark County.
Gang members consider anyone who lives in a rival gang's area as a potential threat.
Gang members control the crowd and sometimes frisk the customers.
Gang members display recurring interaction.
Gang members display there high sign to each other every time they pass one another in public.
Gang members dress for strategic and tactical reasons.
Gang members harass an elderly store owner.
Gang members have high self-esteem.
Gang members identify with colors, jargon and hand signs.
Gang members like to make headlines.
Gang members meet in parks to try and find solutions to the problem of juvenile violence.
Gang members scramble around and begin gathering up the loot that blows over the ground.
Gang members seek confrontation with rivals.
Gang members share some blame for the pointless violence that they participate in.
Gang members shoot rocket grenades from the rooftops.
Gang members throw signs with their fingers.
Gang members travel and when they do they can spread the gang problem.
Gang members use a variety of methods to recruit new members into their gangs.
Gang members use graffiti to glorify their gang with nicknames, symbols, or colors.
Gang members use the web to share their knowledge, and keep in touch with other gang members.
Gang members use their moniker or street name in their writing.
All gang members are dangerous.
All gang members are juveniles.
All gang members sell drugs.
All gang members wear 'colors'.
Every gang member is in serious danger of being killed.
Every gang member is selfish.
Many gang members have a history of troubled family lives.
Most gang members are male.
Most gang members are proud of their gang and at times freely admit their membership.
Most gang members are proud of their gang and freely admit their membership.
Most gang members are proud of their gang and many times freely admit their membership.
Most gang members are proud of their gang, and freely admit their membership.
Most gang members carry pagers.
Most gang members cite a lack of jobs and other resources as a major reason for joining gangs.
Most gang members dress in the same manner.
Most gang members have terrible problems at home i.e. addiction, violence, abuse, filth, etc.
Most gang members join because they become part of a group and then form their own family out of it.
Most gang members make very little money being part of a gang.
Some gang members are as young as seven or eight years old, girls as well as boys.
Some gang members devise hand signals to communicate with other gang members.
Some gang members do hold real jobs.
Some gang members throw a man out the door of a barbershop.
Gangs of youths roam the streets looking for ways to make money.
Gang scheduling runs all threads of a parallel process simultaneously.
Most gang shootings involve other gang members.
Gang warfare is ever present.
Gang warfare is on the rise.
Gang is association
Gang is association.
Gang is criminal organizations.
Gang is rivers.
Gang is tools.
Gang is units.
Gang isa organization.
Gang operates in cities.
Gang operates in metro cities.
Gang performs activities.
Gang performs such activities.
Gangs affect society in terms of heightened fear, crime, and economic costs.
Gangs also use graffiti to communicate with other gangs.
Gangs also use weapons to protect their turf and their drug operations from one another.
Gangs appear to be vacating some areas, some moving elsewhere, but others disbanding or fading away.
Gangs are a dead end for everyone.
Gangs are a dead-end street.
Gangs are a fact of life in American society.
Gangs are a logical response to society's failure to make teenagers feel belonging.
Gangs are a popular source for many violent crimes due to poor family life.
Gangs are a prime example.
Gangs are a problem in every size jurisdiction in Texas.
Gangs are a problem in most cities, even in small cities.
Gangs are a really big problem because they influence kids and kill people.
Gangs are a threat to the entire community.
Gangs are also about money and power and organized criminal activity.
Gangs are an inner city problem.
Gangs are bad news for the community as a whole.
Gangs are communities, too.
Gangs are everybody's problems.
Gangs are for social activities.
Gangs are frequently violent, criminal, and dangerous.
Gangs are groups of people who collectively engage in bully behavior.
Gangs are here.
Gangs are highly mobile and can move in and out of any neighborhood.
Gangs are just a group of people that think they have a higher power onver someone else.
Gangs are nothing new.
Gangs are often violent and intimidating.
Gangs are one of the results of poverty, discrimination and urban deterioration.
Gangs are only an inner city problem.
Gangs are only negative because negative achievement is so much easier than positive achievement.
Gangs are organized groups whose distinctive languages and dress identify their members.
Gangs are out of control, and innocents are routinely caught in the crossfire.
Gangs are predominantly territory oriented.
Gangs are predominately territorial.
Gangs are prominent.
Gangs are still a problem, but things have improved, police say.
Gangs are still very gender-stratified and are mostly led by males.
Gangs are terrorist cells.
Gangs are the cheapest club they can afford.
Gangs are the epitome of fatherless life.
Gangs are the most obvious signs of alpha males.
Gangs are the only form of recreation and companionship available to some young people.
Gangs are the typical example of deviant behavior.
Gangs are threat groups that threaten the social fabric of our society.
Gangs are usually a product of the area in which they are active.
Gangs are violent, and the islands are small.
Gangs are violent.
Gangs are, almost by definition, criminal organizations.
Gangs assault each other and murder innocent bystanders.
Gangs attempt to instill fear, and use intimidation tactics against rival gangs and the community.
Gangs become a normal part of life.
Gangs beg and steal to survive.
Gangs can also vary tremendously in numbers and age ranges of members.
Gangs can be good but they often become dangerous and hurt themselves and others.
Gangs can be quite mobile and therefore especially problematic.
Gangs can be very powerful.
Gangs can meet needs that go unfulfilled in other aspects of a child's life.
Gangs clearly present significant problems in juvenile detention and correctional facilities.
Gangs collect kids that do drugs such as cigarettes, tobacco, pot, and other nasty things.
Gangs come and go.
Gangs consider themselves a nation.
Gangs consist only of underprivileged kids.
Gangs control most of the illicit substances on the inside.
Gangs control their turf where they traffic drugs with violence.
Gangs create new kind of killing Witnesses and suspects often become victims.
Gangs create problems for ALL of society- economically, emotionally, and morally.
Gangs depend on both individual and group participation.
Gangs develop for a lot of reasons.
Gangs develop in three stages.
Gangs disrupt the community by inflicting fear.
Gangs do destructive acts to others.
Gangs do traditionally come from ghettos.
Gangs draw young people away from school and home and into a life a violence.
Gangs draw young people away from school and home and into a life of violence.
Gangs emerge, grow, dissolve, and disappear for reasons that are poorly understood.
Gangs establish their reputation by the types and severity of the crimes they commit.
Gangs exercise control over their neighborhoods by fear.
Gangs exist in areas that provide a hospitable environment.
Gangs exist in many settings and among all racial groups.
Gangs exist in virtually every community in Chicago.
Gangs exist in virtually every community.
Gangs expect nothing less than a cut from sanitation projects.
Gangs fight for respect and over turf, sometimes blowing away innocent kids.
Gangs fight to finish.
Gangs fill the daily lives of many of our poorest and most vulnerable citizens with a terror . . .
Gangs go state to state and track down witnesses to maintain their reign of terror.
Gangs hang out in the parking lots.
Gangs have chapters in every state and run like loosely managed, multinational corporations.
Gangs hunt down and sometimes kill learners who are suspected of revealing their activities.
Gangs intimidate our kids and run many of our schools.
Gangs involve all races and socio-economic levels, and their activity often affects innocent people.
Gangs keep members from dealing with family problems.
Gangs kill relatives of management or go on strike.
Gangs kill, but they also protect.
Gangs know no gender.
Gangs leave signs of their presence.
Gangs live in the inner city and first ring suburbs.
Gangs look up their names in dicionaries.
Gangs make our neighborhoods unsafe.
Gangs make people feel afraid to participate in neighborhood activities.
Gangs murder our children.
Gangs offer teens the chance to rebel against authority and gain a ready-made group of friends.
Gangs only hang around in their own neighborhood.
Gangs openly wear their signifying clothing.
Gangs operate by tempting and seducing children into self-destructive behavior.
Gangs operate in the smallest of towns as well as in cities.
Gangs promise power to youth who feel powerless over their lives.
Gangs protect their turf.
Gangs provide a good way to break into a circle of friends.
Gangs provide activities and a social life.
Gangs provide an instant group of best friends.
Gangs pull teens away from school and home into a life of violence.
Gangs recruit children in and around schools.
Gangs recruit while promising protection, acceptance and friendship.
Gangs relate to violence, and so on.
Gangs represent one example.
Gangs require a more intense affiliation, with strict rules and dress codes.
Gangs roam the enormous cities preying on anything in their way.
Gangs roam the streets.
Gangs rule by fear.
Gangs rule our streets.
Gangs run the streets.
Gangs run through the area threatening people, especially the elderly.
Gangs spring up when families relocate.
Gangs steal power lines, telephone cables and streetlights.
Gangs strike terror into the hearts of good citizens.
Gangs strike where the rival gang member is , then express regret if others are harmed.
Gangs tend to be composed of young people, mainly male, with similar ethnic and racial backgrounds.
Gangs tend to be local, transitory and fluid in nature.
Gangs tend to be negative because negative matters show easier achievement.
Gangs tend to operate with impunity in many school environments.
Gangs thrive on anonymity, denial, and lack of awareness by school personnel.
Gangs thrive on intimidation and notoriety.
Gangs thrive on the power and control they enjoy within their communities.
Gangs typically promise danger, death or jail time.
Gangs use firearms and violence to protect their territories and supplies.
Gangs use graffiti as a way to mark territory, or serve as a warning or challenge to a rival gang.
Gangs use graffiti to gain recognition or to express the identity of the gang.
Gangs use graffiti to identify themselves and their territory and to communicate messages.
Gangs use graffiti to mark territory and identify themselves.
Gangs use symbols to identify their membership, territory, and loyalty.
Gangs vary in size by type of gang.
Gangs violate the law, corrupt our youth, and disturb the tranquility of our streets.
Gangs wear the same markings.
Gangs frequently gather in dark areas to avoid being seen.
Gangs often recruit kids to do the actual stealing.
Gangs usually have a group name or designation.
Gangs usually have a leader or some one that takes control.
All gangs define themselves in part by who they are and in part by who they are against.
All gangs feel powerful and they want to be feared.
All gangs have identifiable levels of membership.
Many gangs have more students in the gifted range of IQ than the average suburban high school.
Many gangs have territories in multiple states.
Many gangs prohibit their own members from using crack.
Many gangs require lifetime memberships.
Most gang operates in cities.
Most gang operates in metro cities.
Most gang performs activities.
Most gang performs such activities.
Most gangs use hand signs to identify their gang and as a form of communication.
Some gang carries out tasks.
Some gang steals horses.
Some gang uses lists.
Some gangs develop on their own.
Ganges calm like lotus tank.
Ganges contributes to rinsing oneself from sin.
Ganges flow or a snake dance.
Gangland is a social group
Ganglands gives an insight into the inextricable link between heroin and serious crime in Dublin.
Ganglion blockers can increase the sensitivity to pressor effect.
A ganglion cell is a neuron
Ganglion cells are always active.
Ganglion cells are few and their ratio to visual elements is remarkably low.
Ganglion cells are nerve cells.
Ganglion cells are present on suction rectal biopsy.
Ganglion cells are round or polygonal with prominent nuclei.
Ganglion cells are the eye s output cells, forming the optic nerve connecting it to the brain.
Ganglion cells are the eye's output cells, forming the optic nerve connecting it to the brain.
Ganglion cells do generate action potentials.
Ganglion cells exhibit a spontaneous rate of action potentials in the absence of light.
Ganglion cells form the front, or innermost, layer of the retina.
Ganglion cells have the typical features of neurons described above.
Ganglion cells integrate impulses from many bipolar cells into a single firing rate.
Ganglion cells keep up a steady spontaneous firing rate in darkness or in diffuse light.
Ganglion cells receive input from bipolar cells and from amacrine cells.
Ganglion cells regulate normal colonic peristaltic activity.
Ganglion cells transmit information through the optic nerve back to the brain.
Ganglion cysts are benign lesions.
Ganglion cysts are quite common.
Ganglion cysts are the most common type of mass that occurs in the hand or wrist.
A ganglion is a neural structure
Ganglia tend to be lined up along one or more central nerve cords.
Ganglions are fluid-filled sacs that appear in various spots on the top or side of the foot.
Ganglions are part of nervous systems.
Ganglions change in size and sometimes they simply disappear.
Ganglions come and go, and can come back, even after surgical removal.
Ganglions develop due to a prolonged stress on the tendon.
Ganglions tend to change in size, and are usually slow-growing.
Ganglions sometimes resolve on their own.
Many ganglions go away on their own.
Most ganglia lie in or near effector organs .
Ganglionic coalescence occurs chiefly in the cervical trunk.
Ganglionic Cysts are another tendon sheath condition.
Gangplank isa bridge.
Gangplanks have (part) bases.
Gangplanks have (part) sections.
Gangrenous appendicitis is a good example.
Gangrenous ergotism affects the extremities as well as causes some gastrointestinal symptoms.
Gangs members use tattoos for several reasons.
Gangsta life reduces to an attitude, a pose.
Most gangsta rappers dismiss wanton violence with excuses.
A gangsta is a peer
Gangstas are peers.
Gangstas identify themselves with a certain group to which they belong.
Gangstas make they own rules, or follow rules they vocally agree to follow.
Gangstas never trust anyone completely.
Gangstas see the weak as prey.
Gangster rap is heard in every hall and diversity is taught in every class room.
Gangster rap is primarily a social commentary.
A gangster is a criminal
Gangsters account for one-fifth Tax evasion is the biggest problem.
Gangsters also has some other quirks.
Gangsters are cowards who gang together for the purpose of bullying innocent people.
Gangsters are criminals.
Gangsters are guys who try to bypass the system any way they can.
Gangsters are people too.
Gangsters are the backbone of the street gang.
Gangsters are workers.
Gangsters bestow on their naturally weak underlings a sense of power.
Gangsters Contains the exploration of organized crime and the people and events that created it.
Gangsters enter a bar where the bartender refuses to serve drinks for it ispast closing time.
Gangsters go there to make money, gamblers to lose money, and showgirls to build character.
Gangsters have much influence on Japanese corporations' shareholder meetings.
Gangsters have no special influence in Japan.
Gangsters Help build the largest human-edited directory on the web.
Gangsters like to have authority and use power to enforce the authority they choose to have.
Gangsters look like Gangsters.
Gangsters play a pivotal role in ensuring that votes go to the ruling party during elections.
Gangsters run everything.
Gangsters secretly own stock in worthless companies.
Gangsters thus have a vested interest in the return of prohibitionist governments.
Gangsters wear baggy clothing and athletic team baseball hats.
Gangsters often lace their shoes flat across rather than cross stitched.
Some gangsters shoot Bridget.
Ganir factory produces orange juice and canned fruits.
Ganja is a hemp
Ganja is illegal in Jamaica.
Ganja is officially illegal in Jamaica, yet the use of it is quite common, even in public.
A gannet is a sea bird
Gannet is still in service.
Gannet is the nation's leading newspaper company.
Gannets are birds.
Gannets are colonial breeders on islands and coasts, normally laying one chalky, blue egg.
Gannets are large, oceanic birds with snowy white plumage and extensive black wingtips.
Gannets are seabirds about the size of a goose, with long, tapered bills and pointed tails.
Gannets are seabirds.
Gannets breed in dense colonies.
Gannets catch fish by plunging into the shoals from a great height.
Gannets diving offshore for fish are a frequent sight.
Gannets hunting for fish are like guided missiles.
Gannets return to the same nest site each spring and generally mate for life.
Gannets soar above the cliffs on wingspans two metres across.
Gannt charts illustrate time lines for proposals and projects.
Ganoderic acids are responsible for the anti-allergy effects and improved oxygen utilization.
Gansu is part of Asia.
Gansu isa thing.
Gantry cranes serve the entire wharf.
A gantry is a framework
Gantry rails against demon booze from the pulpit, and downs a quart with the boys in the backroom.
Gantt charts are ideal for tracking progress.
Gantt charts are more useful for planning project tasks than scheduling project tasks.
Gantt charts consist of horizontal bars representing tasks plotted on a graph that depicts time.
Gantt charts help analyze how the task switching takes place.
Gantt charts let users see when tasks are scheduled, as well as constraints between tasks.
Gantt charts provide graphical representation of project tasks, progress and deadlines.
Gap analysis compares the competitive information a company needs with what it actually receives.
Gap analysis is a technique for identifying the strengths and weaknesses in a local retail market.
Gap analysis provides a starting point only.
Gap analysis uses vegetation types and terrestrial vertebrate species as indicators of biodiversity.
Gap financing is available to entrepreneurs starting new businesses or expanding.
Gap financing is needed for low-income families.
Gap genes structure the striped pattern of pair rule genes.
GAP insurance covers the difference.
Gap insurance covers the rest of the lease and the residual cost of the car in case of a total loss.
Gap insurance is a free kick for the privateers.
GAP insurance is available on new and used vehicles.
GAP insurance is included in all leases.
Gap junction connecting the two cells is located in the octant corner.
Gap junctions act as mechanical links, holding muscles together as they contract.
Gap junctions affect that voltage.
Gap junctions allow exchange through pores between cells.
Gap junctions allow potassium to flow from hair cells to neighboring cells.
Gap junctions allow the direct transmission of ions and sugars between connected mammalian cells.
Gap junctions appear early between cells.
Gap junctions appear to allow greater passage of molecules dorsally than ventrally.
Gap junctions are clusters of transmembrane channels that connect the cytoplasms of adjacent cells.
Gap junctions are everywhere, occurring in all multicellular organisms from sponges on up.
Gap junctions are open pathways between the cytoplasm of two adjacent cells.
Gap junctions are present in essentially all tissues of all animal species.
Gap junctions are transmembrane channels that link the cytoplasms of adjacent cells.
Gap junctions are ubiquitous.
Gap junctions are very important for allowing cells to communicate with one another.
Gap junctions can contribute to the production of seizure like events.
Gap junctions connect cells or fibers.
Gap junctions connect the cells electrically so that they contract together as labor begins.
Gap junctions keep cells from tearing apart.
Gap junctions mediate electrical and chemical coupling between cells.
Gap junctions permit the cytoplasm of adjacent cells to communicate.
Gap junctions running between the two myocytes take care of the communication.
Gap junctions serve as direct connection between cytoplasm of adjacent cells.
Gap junctions serve to coordinate tissue behaviors.
Gap junctions take on a variety of structures.
Gap store is a top leading department store in America.
A gap is disparity
Gap also has the advantage of the huge American domestic market.
Gap can do that because it sells a lot of basic products.
Gap carries urban style clothes for men and women.
GAP contains many data libraries.
Gap continues to fight.
GAP defines the spacing between group bars.
Gap does that for kids.
GAP easily generates bailout tables.
GAP emphasises our genetic relatedness to our simian cousins.
Gap focuses on maintaining viable populations of native species in their natural habitats.
GAP forever changes the way students respond to the word abortion.
Gap grows between boomers and xers.
Gap has also a good array of fragrances for men and women for reasonable prices.
Gap has three different brands.
Gap has yet to right the ship, and the damage has been shown to be serious.
Gap Having coursework come alive through new media surely excites students.
Gap is a definite notch.
Gap is a global sequence alignment program which attempts to align the entire sequence.
Gap is a narrow valley or gorge cut by a stream across a ridge or mountain.
Gap is a steal right now.
Gap is also against child labor.
Gap is bound to make fashion mistakes.
Gap is in transition right now.
Gap is more casual.
Gap is much slower.
Gap is one of the largest and most profitable clothing companies in the world.
Gap is smaller, put is still significant in contemporary western society.
Gap is supplied a minimum and maximum size when a reading is assembled.
Gap is the coolest store.
Gap is the highest point on the main line between Philadelphia and Harrisburg.
Gap is the key word.
Gap is the third best-performing stock in our portfolio.
Gap isa shape.
GAP knows how to construct a number of well-known groups such as symmetric and classical groups.
Gap knows itself.
Gap makes sequence alignments.
Gap Needs to have staff training plans to build and keep IT and business competencies.
GAP objects to creation of new nuclear weaponry without any public involvement.
Gap offers great clothes for adults, kids and baby.
GAP offers internships for academic credit.
GAP offers internships for students year round.
GAP offers protection against financial liability for individuals who finance a new or used vehicle.
Gap online create a sense of community and offers a true virtual shopping experience.
GAP online Stay in style with GAPs ongoing line of clothing.
GAP presents the world of abortion, in large and living color.
Gap provides clothing that is new, interesting, and attractive.
Gap represents the knowledge that there is no Symbol.
GAP reserves the right to determine what constitutes net abuse.
Gap says it combats sweatshops.
Gap seems to consistently be near the front in clothing design.
GAP utilises templates for personalised settings.
GAP welcomes singles and couples.
GAP welcomes that debate and encourages that the goals be adapted to local needs.
GAP works to expose and eradicate oppressive and abusive situations that nonhuman great apes endure.
Gaps appear in moldings.
Gaps appear in the text which indicate differing aspects of the script.
Gaps are a distinct signal for coil regions.
Gaps are areas in charts where no trading occurs and are usually continuation patterns.
Gaps are bad.
Gaps are closed, lines snapped to orthogonal, and intersections extended.
Gaps are disparity.
Gaps are disputes.
Gaps are due to missing data.
Gaps are especially significant in ground water systems.
Gaps are especially significant when accompanied by an increase in volume.
Gaps are important because, sooner or later, prices always move back to fill the gap.
Gaps are in all races, colors, everywhere.
Gaps are mostly about choices.
Gaps are natural things.
Gaps are necessary in a water filter for the water to run through.
Gaps are of two general types - geographical and functional gaps.
Gaps are one of the reasons why people are dropping out the private health insurance scheme.
Gaps are openings.
Gaps are particularly evident in youth with mental illness and alcohol or substance abuse diagnoses.
Gaps are prevalent even in states with court cases.
Gaps are relatively conservative based upon fatigue considerations.
Gaps are represented by dashes, conserved residues are depicted in black.
Gaps are smaller than red blood cells.
Gaps are software.
Gaps are the intervals of useful observing time during which no useful activities are scheduled.
Gaps are, therefore, purely subjective.
Gaps become apparent in the gum line and lead to infection under the teeth.
Gaps can appear in moldings and other woodwork as dry wood shrinks.
Gaps can significantly reduce thermal performance.
Gaps clearly exist.
Gaps create places where lots of light can reach the forest floor.
Gaps do exist in the network, however.
Gaps exist between courses to allow time for meals and to study.
Gaps exist in coastal, open-ocean, and seafloor data sets.
Gaps exist in data sets when datalogger malfunctioned.
Gaps exist in our knowledge of changes in the vessel's owners, name, and registry.
Gaps exist in our records of nature and of the environment.
Gaps exist in the area of extended community support.
Gaps form in the barrier.
Gaps form in the development of personality and in the development of virtue.
Gaps have size, often estimated by an ellipse.
Gaps indicate missing data for that time period.
Gaps indicate missing data for the requested time period.
Gaps invariably exist between what is documented and what is built.
GAPs keep track of the detail of complex manual games.
Gaps mark the most obvious element of a pattern landscape.
Gaps never repair themselves automatically, and unrepaired gaps have a tendency to widen.
Gaps occur in third rail systems and neutral sections in overhead line systems.
Gaps occur normally in all rainforests.
Gaps occur when the market is about to make or end a major move.
Gaps occur within the minutes and some minutes are contained within the scrapbooks.
Gaps occur, permitting cold outside air infiltration.
Gaps persist even after adjusting for education.
Gaps remain in coverage where they have to install a phone line to read a meter.
Gaps represent insertions and deletions in one or other of the sequences being aligned.
Gaps reveal sudden and important changes in crowd sentiment better than any other pattern tool.
Gaps tend to occur during the months with the most uncertainty.
Gaps always exist between the new research and how to apply it in a real setting.
Gaps sometimes appear in the series.
Any gap indicates an opportunity for change.
Any gaps are really bad news, and are cause to start over.
Any gaps are the locations of rejected spectra.
Any gaps impair the cooling effect, no matter how good the cooler is designed.
Many gaps exist in developing a comprehensive, integrated statewide delivery system in Texas.
Many gaps exist in our knowledge of minority aging, including basic data on the rates of disease.
Many gaps remain in our response to behavioral and emotional disorders in children.
Many gaps remain.
Most gaps are of known size as indicated by the length column.
Most gaps result from additional bases compared to the reference sequence.
Some gaps are important.
Some gaps are in the fences, and people can enter the site.
Some gaps are part of caves.
Some gaps are part of grottos.
Some gaps are part of lagoons.
Some gaps are part of lakes.
Some gaps are part of lithospheres.
Some gaps are part of ponds.
Some gaps are self-created.
Some gaps do, however, remain.
Some gaps remain in assigned work completed, with inconsistent quality in course work .
Some gaps remain in assigned work completed, with inconsistent quality in course work.
Some gaps still exist in results measures.
Gapless laminations provide wide bandwidth with extremely low distortion.
Gapmesa soils are effervescent to the surface.
Gapmesa soils are on cuestas, hills, ridges, and mesas.
Gapped teeth are a common problem that have a variety of solutions.
Gar fish are interesting for a lot of reasons.
A gar is a bony fish
Gar isa fish.
Gars are fish.
Gars are hardy fish.
Gars are predaceous.
Gars are slow growing fishes that are relatively long lived.
Gars are some of the most primitive of the bony fish that hunt, kill, and eat other animals.
Gars are unique in many ways.
Gars attack their prey from the side.
Gars can breathe both air and water, which is one of the reasons they are still around today.
Gars can breathe both air and water, which is one of the reasons they have survived so long.
Gars eat fish.
Gars eat game fish.
Gars have (part) brains.
Gars have (part) breasts.
Gars have (part) cell membranes.
Gars have (part) chest cavities.
Gars have (part) chests.
Gars have (part) corpi.
Gars have (part) cytoplasm.
Gars have (part) ears.
Gars have (part) faces.
Gars have (part) fish scales.
Gars have (part) fishbones.
Gars have (part) flippers.
Gars have (part) heads.
Gars have (part) nuclei.
Gars have (part) pedal extremities.
Gars have (part) plasma membranes.
Gars have (part) rib cages.
Gars have (part) sections.
Gars have (part) skulls.
Gars have (part) sperm.
Gars have (part) sterna.
Gars have (part) tail fins.
Gars have (part) vacuoles.
Gars have (part) vertebrate feet.
Gars have (part) yolks.
Gars have fins.
Gars have hard, diamond-shaped scales and their long thin jaws have wicked, sharp teeth.
Gars have teeth.
Gars inhabit water.
Gars is a small ancient village clinging to a high, mountainous hill.
Gars prefer quiet waters and are often found in shallow lakes.
Gars tend to be slow-moving fish except when striking at their prey.
Gars use the air bladder as an accessory lung.
Most gars eat fish.
Most gars eat game fish.
Most gars have fins.
Most gars have teeth.
Most gars inhabit water.
Some gars have black spots.
Some gars have esophagi.
Some gars have fish.
Some gars have mouths.
Some gars have spots.
Some gars travel from lakes and rivers through sewers to get to ponds.
Garage apartments give natural supervision to mid-block alleys.
Garage band includes hundreds of beats and music .
Garage band includes hundreds of beats and music.
Garage bands are so five minutes ago.
Garage bands can give fans a taste of what's coming, they say, and use it to test out new songs.
Garage bands seeking exposure are delighted to give away free music.
Every garage band needs a garage.
Garage door is new and tile floors in bathrooms have been updated with ceramic tile.
Garage door openers, like every other device, can go wrong.
Garage door opens to scene shop.
Garage doors are all closed and locked when leaving the house.
Garage doors are another major source of energy loss.
Garage doors are automatically floor controlled.
Garage doors are highly susceptible to wind damage because of their size.
Garage doors are highly susceptible to wind damage.
Garage doors are large heavy objects under high tension.
Garage doors are more resistant to battering than most castle gates.
Garage doors are notorious for mouse entry.
Garage doors are of a type that are easy to operate.
Garage doors are the most common overhead doors.
Garage doors are the most neglected of all doors.
All garage doors are 'sectional'.
All garage doors have remote openers.
Most garage doors are still vulnerable to thieves.
Some garage doors have bullet holes.
Some garage doors have holes.
Garage music has many different connotations to today s listeners.
Garage music is dark and emphasizes vocals through hooks, no comma or verse choruses.
Garage parking is another issue.
Garage parking is available across the street.
Garage parking is available adjacent to the building at the customer's cost.
Garage parking is available at a fee.
Garage parking is available at several lots near the armory.
Garage parking is available in the immediate vicinity.
Garage parking is available in the neighborhood.
Garage parking is available nearby.
Garage parking is available upon request.
Garage parking is available.
Garage parking is expensive.
Garage parking is limited, however, so please arrive early to get a spot .
A garage sale is a sale
Garage sale finds.
Garage sales abound, and antique shops are full of wares, in anticipation of a busy season.
Garage sales are a great place to pick up the baskets.
Garage sales are a lot of fun.
Garage sales are a once a week occupation in the summer, supplying most of our clothes.
Garage sales are a perfect way to purchase inexpensive plant containers.
Garage sales are a short-term sales of used household items.
Garage sales are a window on the soul of a household.
Garage sales are also a great place to find cheap, used bikes.
Garage sales are also good places to go to practice the art of reusing.
Garage sales are also the perfect place to find books.
Garage sales are an excellent way to reuse products.
Garage sales are another American tradition that are especially useful before moving.
Garage sales are big around here.
Garage sales are fun for the whole family.
Garage sales are fun, provide bargains and teach about our culture.
Garage sales are great for toy shopping.
Garage sales are great in southern California.
Garage sales are great places for tools.
Garage sales are great places to find bargains.
Garage sales are great places to find toys for guinea pigs.
Garage sales are great places to make contacts and meet people.
Garage sales are in full swing.
Garage sales are limited to two per household per year, at no more than three days long each.
Garage sales are limited to two per year.
Garage sales are often a good place to find second-hand items.
Garage sales are sales.
Garage sales are wonderful sources of great children's books.
Garage sales begin.
Garage sales can also be a great place but be aware of broken or damaged goods.
Garage sales can also offer a bonanza of finds.
Garage sales can be a consumer's delight.
Garage sales can be a gem for finding big area rugs for very little money.
Garage sales can sometimes be great places to find additions to the class library.
Garage sales prove that summer is a time of transformation.
Garage sales provide an inexpensive way to acquire books.
Garage Sales Tell everyone what, when and where.
A garage is a building
Garage also features hookups, pit and dump station.
Garage are the same as the other garages on campus.
Garage comes from garer , a verb meaning to dock ships.
Garage equals snout.
Garage has opener, storage, workshop and security system.
Garage has security personnel but claims no liability for theft or stolen vehicles.
Garage has suction system plumbed for the woodworker hobbyest.
Garage has work bench and wood burning stove.
Garage has workshop area and storage.
Garage includes a laundry room, workshop.
Garage is also available.
Garage is always a preferable place.
Garage is approximately one mile on the left.
Garage is available on request.
Garage is available.
Garage is behind wooded area.
Garage is brought to the work site designated by the customer and the vehicle is serviced there.
Garage is connected to the theater complex and the downtown tunnel system.
Garage is gated card access after hours.
Garage is heated and has a workshop, storage shelves and wall organizer for garden and shop tools.
Garage is insulated and has gas heating.
Garage is insulated and heated.
Garage is insulated, drywalled and has pull down stairs to upper storage area.
Garage is large enough for raised roof full size van.
Garage is on left side.
Garage is on own fuse box located in garage.
Garage is on SW side.
Garage is on the right.
Garage is on the Right.
Garage is open but unattended on home game days.
Garage is oversized two car garage, fresh and clean with new pegboard and pull down attic stairs.
Garage is private and has automatic garage door opener.
Garage is sheeted and insulated.
Garage is the obvious answer.
Garage isa building.
Garage only has single door.
Garage Put away hand power tools such as drills and saws.
Garage stands in immediate surrounding.
Garages are a part of many homes in the United States.
Garages are also available.
Garages are also generally unsafe areas to leave a dog unattended.
Garages are an added feature, plus whole home music systems.
Garages are available for a nominal monthly charge.
Garages are available for an additional fee.
Garages are available for an extra fee.
Garages are available in certain units also.
Garages are available on some properties at extra cost.
Garages are available, since most of the residents are still very active in the community.
Garages are available.
Garages are definitely a guy thing, like spitting when there's no reason to spit.
Garages are detached, and some open on alleys.
Garages are here to stay.
Garages are ideal for long-term parking and convenient for quick visits.
Garages are located in bikes.
Garages are located in buildings.
Garages are located in cars.
Garages are located in downtowns.
Garages are located in homes.
Garages are located in houses.
Garages are located in modern houses.
Garages are located in towns.
Garages are mostly behind the houses, where there are back alleys.
Garages are often a source of toxins stored at floor level.
Garages are quite useful on that steep block.
Garages are rare here.
Garages are repair shops.
Garages are rooms.
Garages are small buildings used to park or store automobiles.
Garages are the norm.
Garages are the worst place for a bunny unless the door is wide open at all times.
Garages are too big to get cluttered.
Garages are transition areas from the outdoors.
Garages are used for cars.
Garages are used for mechanics.
Garages can raise their hourly rates.
Garages have (part) bases.
Garages have (part) boilers.
Garages have (part) ceilings.
Garages have (part) courtyards.
Garages have (part) doorknobs.
Garages have (part) doorsteps.
Garages have (part) elevator cars.
Garages have (part) elevators.
Garages have (part) floors.
Garages have (part) foundation stones.
Garages have (part) foyers.
Garages have (part) hinges.
Garages have (part) interior doors.
Garages have (part) readsides.
Garages have (part) roof peaks.
Garages have (part) roofs.
Garages have (part) room light.
Garages have (part) sections.
Garages have (part) staircases.
Garages have (part) stairs.
Garages have (part) storeys.
Garages have (part) walls.
Garages have (part) window frames.
Garages have (part) windowpanes.
Garages have (part) windows.
Garages have cars.
Garages have steel or fiberglass overhead doors.
Garages have windows.
Garages offset in adjacent units provide separation and feeling of privacy.
Garages represent the most under-utilized space in most climates during winter months.
Garages vary in price, services and amenities, so it's important to shop around.
Garages Always keep garage doors closed and locked.
Garages usually charge by the hour or by the day.
All garages are extra large and come with electric door openers.
All garages require a semester permit.
Most garages also have spaces available for hourly parking.
Most garages have windows.
Most garages offer finance packages.
Some garages also offer monthly rates, instead of daily.
Some garages have computer equipment that can help to diagnose the mechanical condition of the car.
Some garages have finance arrangements.
Garaged parking is available for most guests.
Garb is a clothing
Some garb is understated in in black, silver, green, or camouflage.
Garbage bags are available at boat ramps.
Garbage bags are available at the front gate.
Garbage bags are available in the credenza.
Garbage bags are bags.
Garbage bags are for garbage.
Garbage bags are great to sit on if it is wet and can be used as a rain slickers.
Garbage bags are ready for clean up.
Garbage bags make good rain and wind protection.
Garbage bags work for clothing.
Garbage baskets are easy and help.
Garbage bins are for domestic waste only.
Garbage bins can be treasure chests of goodies.
Garbage burning is an inappropriate method of disposal even under ordinary conditions.
A garbage can is a bin
Garbage cans are a huge source for blow flies.
Garbage cans are another potential source of danger.
Garbage cans are available throughout Central Park.
Garbage cans are located in alleys.
Garbage cans are located in backyards.
Garbage cans are located in garages.
Garbage cans are located in kitchens.
Garbage cans are located in streets.
Garbage cans are to raccoons and opossums what bird feeders are to cardinals and doves.
Garbage cans are used for compost.
Garbage cans placed throughout the Village park system are for park use only.
Garbage cans provide food.
Some garbage cans attract bees.
Garbage collecting is a very important public service in a civilised society.
A garbage collection is a pickup
Garbage collection allows the reclamation of storage for objects which are no longer needed.
Garbage collection can be faster than stack allocation.
Garbage collection can easily deal with strings.
Garbage collection comes at the expense of performance, too.
Garbage collection continues to present a major expense for the village.
Garbage collection exists to prevent programmers from calling delete.
Garbage collection interferes with real-time accuracy.
Garbage collection is a global function.
Garbage collection is a good example of a feature whose absence has a security impact.
Garbage collection is a win.
Garbage collection is almost always the programmer s fault.
Garbage collection is automatic for all objects generated on the fly.
Garbage collection is automatic.
Garbage collection is built in.
Garbage collection is collected then dumped into the cities landfill.
Garbage collection is contracted to a private firm.
Garbage collection is delayed by one day during any week containing a city holiday.
Garbage collection is done, as in most interpreted languages.
Garbage collection is expensive in execution resources.
Garbage collection is fast, but a stack is faster.
Garbage collection is included with temporary service.
Garbage collection is invoked manually.
Garbage collection is necessary to avoid memory leaks and, more importantly, dangling pointers.
Garbage collection is offered twice a week.
Garbage collection is only the 'magic' solution for memory.
Garbage collection is performed by scanning objects in the database cache.
Garbage collection is performed by the county.
Garbage collection is provided by the city.
Garbage collection is provided through a system of private haulers.
Garbage collection is the automatic reclamation of computer storage.
Garbage collection is the number one priority.
Garbage collection is the process of reclaiming memory from objects that are no longer needed.
Garbage collection is the same as it is currently for lists.
Garbage collection needs to be managed.
Garbage collection occurs when an incomplete file is in a destination queue.
Garbage collection remains necessary, and the paper clarifies why.
Garbage collection runs in separate threads and can be paused or completely stopped and restarted.
Garbage collections are pickups.
Garbage collections occur on specific generations as conditions warrant.
Most garbage collection is less frequent in Romani neighhorhoods than in non-Romani areas.
A garbage collector is a haulier
Garbage collector is a thread.
Garbage collector runs periodically.
Garbage collector tends to slow down interval between sheets.
Garbage collectors are collectors.
Garbage collectors are on strike.
Garbage collectors are unskilled workers.
Garbage Collectors collect refuse and dump it from containers onto trucks to be carried away.
Garbage containers line the edges of the individual sections.
Garbage containers present considerable health problems if pets eat spoiled food.
Garbage day is a very dangerous day.
A garbage disposal is a kitchen appliance
Garbage disposal can be costly and burdensome for some of our more remote park units.
Garbage disposal chute on all floors.
Garbage disposal is a slimy business.
Garbage disposal is left to the community in many urban areas.
Garbage disposal ranks near the top of most municipalities' budget items.
Garbage disposal Use the sink disposal sparingly.
Garbage disposals are always trouble makers.
Garbage disposals are an excellent way to dispose of smelly trash.
Garbage disposals require lots of water to operate properly.
Garbage disposals use a lot of water.
A garbage dump is a site
Garbage dumps are often havens for ferals.
Garbage grinders impose an additional solids load on the system.
Garbage incinerators are the single biggest source of mercury emissions in the state.
A garbage man is a haulier
Garbage men pick up the trash from the sidewalk outside an adjacent store.
A garbage truck is a truck
Garbage trucks dump their trash at the Columbia County landfill.
Garbage trucks have to come real early, and so does the recycling company.
Garbage wrestling has a cult following.
Garbage are a great rock band.
Garbage arriving on ships and aircraft also is inspected.
Garbage attracts animals like skunks and raccoons that are looking for an easy meal.
Garbage attracts animals like skunks and racoons who are looking for an easy meal.
Garbage attracts animals such as dogs, bears and raccoons.
Garbage attracts animals, including skunks and raccoons, who are looking for an easy meal.
Garbage attracts mammals.
Garbage attracts predators.
Garbage attracts raccoons and strays.
Garbage attracts rats, feral cats and other problem predators.
Garbage attracts rodents and other vermin.
Garbage attracts small mammals that, in turn, attract cougars.
Garbage brings to the music stage an incredibly different sound, filled with brooding and angst.
Garbage builds up until someone cleans it up, often at a cost passed down to citizens.
Garbage can also create a problem for recreational boaters and the fishing industry.
Garbage can attract animals and disease-bearing insects, if possible store in a rigid container.
Garbage can attract vermin, insects, and other pests, and is also unsightly.
Garbage can be a hazard and the plastic bags can be a choking hazard.
Garbage can create an impossible place for marine creatures to live.
Garbage can fires can easily spread to the eaves of structures and cause major damage.
Garbage can fuel the technology.
Garbage can get heavy and garbage can stink.
Garbage can get pretty heavy and garbage can stink.
Garbage can lids are totally useless, even the kind that clamp on.
Garbage can lids with clasps sometimes foil the animals.
Garbage can model, continued.
Garbage can pollute the river as it flows.
Garbage can, an old sock and darkness- nothing more.
Garbage Carry out all unburnable garbage.
Garbage collecting allocators are difficult to accommodate.
Garbage collects around fire rings.
Garbage comes from both production and consumption.
Garbage demonstrates what actually happens to all human-generated waste.
Garbage do the soundtrack for the intro.
Garbage dumped near flowing water can contaminate public water supplies.
Garbage eating worms work silently, productively and for free.
Garbage fails to capture the same enticing, raspy feel.
Garbage Find out how to improve next year's environmental record.
Garbage goes into the ground and decomposes.
Garbage goes out at least once a week.
Garbage goes to Mexico.
Garbage has a way of ending up in rivers, lakes, and oceans.
Garbage has a way of making itself known.
Garbage has no place in the back country, please pack it out.
Garbage has to be guarded to keep from attracting black and brown bears.
Garbage has to go somewhere.
Garbage includes all animal and vegetable waste and easily combustible materials.
Garbage includes discarded rocket parts, disused satellites, and misplaced tools.
Garbage includes many valuable natural resources which can be reused.
Garbage includes such items as empty cans, paper, food wrappers, bags, etc.
Garbage is a complicated business.
Garbage is a low-tech business.
Garbage is a misplaced resource.
Garbage is a political matter.
Garbage is a really cool band.
Garbage is a result of our way of life.
Garbage is a very interesting subject for a young mind.
Garbage is a waste of our environment.
Garbage is actually a national issue.
Garbage is all over the place again.
Garbage is also a big factor in the pollution game.
Garbage is also an inexpensive energy resource.
Garbage is an interesting occupation.
Garbage is another good reason to get out of the city in a crisis.
Garbage is anything else perceived as unwanted.
Garbage is big business here, as all waste is shipped away to the USA, and most of it is recycled.
Garbage is big problems.
Garbage is billed at a flat rate for all residental customers.
Garbage is burned in a high temperature incinerator which is equipped with smoke filters.
Garbage is burned which reduces the volume of the garbage while producing electricity.
Garbage is burned.
Garbage is capable of composteds.
Garbage is capable of containers.
Garbage is collected and delivered to the local landfill.
Garbage is collected by the renters and deposited in the trailer by the dining hall.
Garbage is collected from households.
Garbage is collected from the backyard of a residence once a week.
Garbage is collected in plastic bags, cans or cubic yard dumpsters.
Garbage is collected in special grey plastic bags with a 'city crest' label on it.
Garbage is collected in the alley where alleys are available.
Garbage is collected on a weekly basis.
Garbage is collected once a week by a truck driver who is hired by the town.
Garbage is collected once a week.
Garbage is collected once each week.
Garbage is collected twice a week.
Garbage is collected weekly in the village at a minimal fee.
Garbage is covered each night and in some cases covered with plastic sheeting.
Garbage is dangerous.
Garbage is defined in Sec.
Garbage is deleted.
Garbage is disposed by burning several meters from the house.
Garbage is disposed by burning several meters from their house.
Garbage is disposed of by burial or incineration.
Garbage is dumped by hand through chutes on top.
Garbage is dumped in from the top, onto a fire.
Garbage is dumped in the open drains resulting in blockage, the official says.
Garbage is easy to recognize because data is missing.
Garbage is everywhere, even on the beach.
Garbage is everywhere.
Garbage is food waste left over from cooking.
Garbage is garbage, no matter what the cost of creating it, peddling it, or going to see it.
Garbage is garbage, whether it comes on a page or in a game cartridge.
Garbage is garbage.
Garbage is golden.
Garbage is great but the title song is lifeless.
Garbage is left at formal parking areas, road ends, and farmyards.
Garbage is littered all over, with rag pickers making it even worse.
Garbage is located in cans.
Garbage is located in containers.
Garbage is located in dumps.
Garbage is located in floors.
Garbage is located in garbage cans.
Garbage is located in ground.
Garbage is located in landfills.
Garbage is located in television.
Garbage is located in trash trucks.
Garbage is located in trash.
Garbage is more of a personal favorite than a critical one.
Garbage is organic waste left over from meals.
Garbage is our historical emblem.
Garbage is picked up every week.
Garbage is picked up from garbage cans regularly as part of the beach maintenance program.
Garbage is picked up in large trucks and carried to a site and dumped there.
Garbage is picked up on a daily basis.
Garbage is picked up once a week in most cities and towns.
Garbage is picked up once a week in the green toter.
Garbage is picked up twice a week in the city and once a week in the county.
Garbage is picked up twice weekly.
Garbage is piled up and getting a letter delivered is next to impossible.
Garbage is placed in dumpsters that crush waste and transferred to a dumping facility.
Garbage is placed on airplanes or on boats and taken back to the other countries for disposal.
Garbage is pop music kissed by chaos where hooks, grooves and noise collide.
Garbage is produced and burned.
Garbage is receptacles.
Garbage is removed from the resort four times a week.
Garbage is returned.
Garbage is scattered about.
Garbage is scattered along the highways.
Garbage is silently skipped.
Garbage is simpler to manage.
Garbage is spread in layers, compacted and covered each day.
Garbage is stiffly embalmed in a thick layer of brown muck.
Garbage is strewn all over the floor.
Garbage is strewn along the sides of the streets.
Garbage is strewn around campsites, while clothes hang to dry from trees.
Garbage is strewn everywhere and often dumped into the creeks and river.
Garbage is strewn everywhere.
Garbage is taken to the mainland at the marinas used by the boaters or private dumpsters available.
Garbage is the food waste left over from cooking.
Garbage is the greatest limiting factor in any underground complex.
Garbage is the heap memory containing non-live cells.
Garbage is the result of poorly designed manufacturing systems.
Garbage is the waste produced daily in our homes.
Garbage is the wrappers strewn in the creeks and stuff littered on the ground.
Garbage is thrown there.
Garbage is to be placed in barrels, never buried on grounds.
Garbage is to be stored in plastic bags within metal or plastic cans with tight fitting lids.
Garbage is too valuable a resource to throw away.
Garbage is trash.
Garbage is trucked to a regional landfill site.
Garbage is ugly, dangerous, attracts vermin like rats and cockroaches, which carry diseases.
Garbage is used for disposals.
Garbage is used for landfills.
Garbage is used for recycling.
Garbage is used for waste.
Garbage is waste
Garbage is waste.
Garbage is worth the full ticket amount.
Garbage isa waste.
Garbage kills marine life around the world every year.
Garbage Learn how waste is handled now and how some communities are doing it better.
Garbage lines the roads like a guardrail.
Garbage means decayable waste from a public or private establishment or restaurant.
Garbage now fills the normal size bins.
Garbage now has several releases and does national tours.
Garbage pick up for county residents is available by contract with private carriers.
Garbage Pick up garbage around the yard, playground.
Garbage pick-up is provided twice weekly.
Garbage pick-up takes place on several of the alleys.
Garbage piles up all over, while toxic waste seeps into the underground water supply.
Garbage piles up in ditches.
Garbage presents a special problem for accounting firms.
Garbage produced from daily life belongs to the second category.
Garbage produces methane gas as it decomposes.
Garbage remains a problem with no easy solution.
Garbage remains burning issue.
Garbage smells better.
Garbage strewn anywhere is an ugly sight.
Garbage then becomes a good thing a fuel.
Garbage Try to minimize waste whenever possible.
Garbage often is their principal food source.
All garbage has to be packed out of the park.
All garbage including distributed cyclic garbage is reclaimed.
All garbage is collected at curbside.
All garbage is flown out, based on the Antarctic Treaty.
All garbage is placed in plastic bags which is then tied and placed at the curb for collection.
All garbage is removed.
All garbage is required to be in approved containers.
All garbage is to be bagged and placed in main garbage bag located in the storage area.
More garbage is available now than ever.
Most garbage attracts mammals.
Most garbage is buried in landfills.
Most garbage is buried in the ground and left until it decomposes.
Some garbage attracts predators.
Some garbage attracts rodents.
Some garbage is biodegradable.
Some garbage is photodegradable.
Some garbage normally appears on the screen.
Some garbage provides food.
Garbanzo beans are excellent sources of protein and B vitamins.
Garbanzo beans contain both soluble and insoluble dietary fiber.
Garbanzo beans tower over shorter lettuce plants.
Garbed interpreters present a living history program.
A garbology is cultural anthropology
Garbology is the investigation of landfills to find out about garbage.
Garden center has plenty of links, catalogs, and information for the garden enthusiast online.
All garden centers have a selection of plants that make good turf substitutes.
Many garden centers carry gypsum and lime as soil amendments.
Many garden centers conduct seminars for their customers, especially during the off season.
Many garden centers have a wide array of mums available in full bloom.
Many garden centers have lists of toxic plants.
Many garden centers offer a small selection of onion transplants in early spring.
Many garden centers offer advice on selection.
Many garden centers sell a potting mix specifically for terrariums.
Many garden centers sell home orchard fruit tree sprays containing an insecticide and fungicide.
Most garden centers allocate about one third of their retail space to pets and pet supplies.
Most garden centers offer a broad range of beneficial plants for sale.
Most garden centers offer a variety of containers for gardening.
Most garden centers sell both seeds and seedlings.
Some garden centers sell aquatic plants.
Some garden centers sell pansies.
Some garden centers sell plants.
Garden City emphasizes coaching the complete team player.
Garden City has a lot to boast about in the way of special programs.
Garden City has lots of stores.
Garden City has several eating and shopping venues.
Garden City has two other alternatives for children when it comes to education.
Garden City is a lil city outside of Detroit, Michigan.
Garden City is a wonderful place to live, because the people are nice and friendly.
Garden City is blessed with all three.
Garden City is counted amongst Cairo's first class neighborhoods . .
Garden City is diversified in many new areas.
Garden City is down.
Garden City is head and shoulders above the rest.
Garden City is host to numerous craft shows, gun shows, antique shows and auctions.
Garden City is located in Ada County Idaho.
Garden City is located in Treasure Valley under Regional.
Garden City is located in Wayne County Michigan.
Garden city is on Long Island.
Garden City is soon to be a city of the third class.
Garden City needs a movie theater.
Garden City snuggles up behind Mill Mountain on the south side, away from downtown.
Garden City uses three state tests and two national tests.
Some garden clubs arrange bulk buys of garden supplies or plants.
Garden cucumbers use for pickle.
Most garden cucumbers use for pickle.
Garden dormouses eat insects.
Most garden dormouses eat insects.
Garden eels eat meat.
Most garden eels eat meat.
Garden Grove is a suburban community with a small-town feel that nevertheless is a fairly big city.
Garden Grove is everything the discriminating guest has come to expect.
Garden Grove is located in Decatur County Iowa.
Garden Grove is truly a Renaissance City and a great place to live, learn and play.
Garden Island is another small island near Wolfe.
Garden Island is great for picnics, swimming, fishing, surfing and sailing.
Garden Island is visible at the top of the image.
Many garden ornaments provide additional interest and charm to the landscape.
Most garden paths are too narrow rather than too wide.
Garden peas have flowers.
Most garden peas have flowers.
Garden pests carry diseases.
Garden pests cause health problems.
Garden pests cause problems.
Most garden pests carry diseases.
Most garden pests cause health problems.
Most garden pests cause problems.
Some garden pests excrete sticky substances.
Some garden pests excrete substances.
Some garden pests feed on trees.
A garden plant is a plant
Garden plants adapt to areas.
Garden plants are plants.
Garden plants attract such pollinators.
Garden plants belong to families.
Garden plants belong to lily families.
Many garden plants are poisonous to dogs.
Many garden plants benefit from late-summer feeding.
Most garden plants attract such pollinators.
Most garden plants belong to families.
Most garden plants belong to lily families.
Most garden plants can tolerate some insect feeding, and pests can be washed off after harvest.
Most garden plants have flowers at some point during their life cycle.
Most garden plants thrive best in slightly acidic soils.
Some garden plants are fall favorites because they come alive with color as cooler weather arrives.
Some garden plants make cut flowers.
Some garden plants make flowers.
Some garden plants make great cut flowers.
Garden ponds can be really beautiful, adding a sense of peace to a garden like nothing else can do.
Garden ponds provide habitats.
Most garden ponds provide habitats.
All garden produce is for sale in the garden-shop.
Some garden railroads use battery power.
Some garden railways concentrate on natural features, while others include a variety of buildings.
Most garden rooms are too buttoned up.
Most garden roses are hybrids grafted onto a hardy rootstock.
All garden salads are a tri-blend of greens tossed to order with the freshest available ingredients.
All garden sculpture is cast in cement for durability and quality.
Garden slugs leave tracks.
Garden slugs reach maturity.
Garden slugs reach sexual maturity.
Garden snails feed on plants.
Garden snails have female organs.
Garden snails have female reproductive organs.
Garden snails have organs.
Garden snails have reproductive organs.
Garden snails move to yards.
Most garden snails feed on plants.
Most garden snails have female organs.
Most garden snails have female reproductive organs.
Most garden snails have organs.
Most garden snails have reproductive organs.
Most garden snails move to yards.
Some garden snails can have babies.
Some garden snails hibernate during winter.
A garden spider is a spider
Garden spiders eat mantises.
Most garden spiders eat mantises.
Most garden spiders hide during the day then recline in their web at night.
Some garden spiders do damage.
Some garden spiders resemble crabs.
Garden stools are made of metal.
Garden Suite has continental breakfast supplied.
Garden Suite is perfect for an intimate banquet.
Garden Terrace Enjoy the fountained terrace or indoors by the fireplace.
Garden Valley is also big on partnerships.
Garden Valley is recognized as a leader in the use and adaptation of technology.
Garden Valley is the perfect recreation getaway.
Many garden varieties exist.
Most garden varieties live only a year.
Some garden warblers have treatments.
A garden is a plot
Garden isa patch.
Garden isa plot.
Gardens abound, and most of the houses are small, but well maintained.
Gardens also matter.
Gardens also tend to be prime location for destruction.
Gardens appear in many of the stories, serving diverse purposes.
Gardens are a feature of Southland with a wide variety available for the visitor to take in.
Gardens are a great way for parents to enhance their children's math skills.
Gardens are a most important habitat.
Gardens are a secondary source of infection.
Gardens are a speciality.
Gardens are about believing in the future and the benefits of labor.
Gardens are accessible for wheelchairs, a thoughtful touch.
Gardens are again dangerous places to be.
Gardens are all about peace and tranquility.
Gardens are also available for the outdoor enthusiast to rent by the season.
Gardens are also hazardous.
Gardens are always a riot of colour as are the roadsides.
Gardens are among South Carolina's most beautiful attractions.
Gardens are an ongoing expression of the gardener and nature itself.
Gardens are at basement level, roofs are planted with grass.
Gardens are beautiful . . .
Gardens are clean and tidy.
Gardens are dangerous places to be because they harbor serpents trying to seduce the senses.
Gardens are exciting, interactive ways to demonstrate life skills and to develop good habits.
Gardens are exquisite and the interior is tastefully decorated and very well appointed.
Gardens are for People .
Gardens are for people after all, and are meant to be enjoyed.
Gardens Are For People.
Gardens are fragrant with palms, olives, and orange trees.
Gardens are full of lessons in patience, humility and the power of natural forces.
Gardens are full of ripe vegetables ready to be picked.
Gardens are full of sounds too.
Gardens are fun.
Gardens are good places to experiment.
Gardens are good therapy.
Gardens are in full colour, long warm evenings.
Gardens are late, but are catching up now.
Gardens are like children.
Gardens are located in backyards.
Gardens are located in fences.
Gardens are located in ground.
Gardens are located in parks.
Gardens are located in plants.
Gardens are located in yards.
Gardens are lush and in full bloom and barbeque smells hang in the air.
Gardens are more than just plants.
Gardens are near commercial potato fields.
Gardens are near fields.
Gardens are near potato fields.
Gardens are near the houses and buildings or they are beside houses.
Gardens are neat things.
Gardens are nicely manicured front and rear.
Gardens are often bare of flowers because they are always getting picked.
Gardens are often collections of plants, the emphasis is on the individual plants.
Gardens are on the grounds.
Gardens are on the right.
Gardens are one of the most loved places of faeries and they are often unsuitable for their needs.
Gardens are open daily until dusk.
Gardens are open to the public as many hours of the day as possible.
Gardens are open to the public throughout Washington.
Gardens are open Tues.
Gardens are part of houses.
Gardens are plant communities, too.
Gardens are plots.
Gardens are powerful ways to do good for the earth.
Gardens are private and personal.
Gardens are ripe with tomatoes, green beans and peas.
Gardens are so full of promise.
Gardens are so wonderful because they are so beautiful.
Gardens are still in seed packets.
Gardens are still symbols of order.
Gardens are strange things.
Gardens are subject to all of the risks of bugs, drought and often short growing seasons.
Gardens are the embodiment of that.
Gardens are the perfect spot for interdisciplinary learning.
Gardens are used for decoration.
Gardens are used for relaxation.
Gardens are vegetation.
Gardens are wonderful places to enjoy memorable food and conversation with friends and family.
Gardens are wonderful, but keep a sense of perspective about it all.
Gardens are works in progress, always as much potential as they are actuality.
Gardens are yards.
Gardens attract a wide variety of visitors.
Gardens attract bees.
Gardens attract birds.
Gardens attract butterflies.
Gardens attract deer.
Gardens attract hummingbirds.
Gardens attract songbirds.
Gardens become more valuable than gold.
Gardens benefit animals.
Gardens bring health in ways other than providing herbs, fruits and vegetables.
Gardens can also be pretty.
Gardens can be many things.
Gardens can be therapeutic for people.
Gardens can capture their interests a number of ways.
Gardens can have far more power to move our hearts.
Gardens can include vegetables, flowers and landscapes.
Gardens can include youth created sculptures.
Gardens can restore communities, bring neighbors together, and help everyone find common ground.
Gardens can take many shapes and forms.
Gardens can teach children about history, economics, poetry, and math.
Gardens change annually so there is always something new to see, rain or shine.
Gardens Check out our guide to nearby gardens and arboretums.
Gardens come in all sorts of shapes and sizes.
Gardens come in so much earlier down there.
Gardens connect people, times and latitudes.
Gardens consist of beds.
Gardens consist of plants.
Gardens contain plants.
Gardens contain specimens.
Gardens create a pleasant view .
Gardens create unique environments for learning.
Gardens develop over time as a response to the interaction between soil, climate and culture.
Gardens essentially divide between the dry landscape and the pond garden types.
Gardens feed butterflies.
Gardens flourish in temperate climates.
Gardens get pests.
Gardens go in and the community rejoices.
Gardens grow and humans are alive.
Gardens grow dates, almonds, pomegranates, figs, citrus fruit, and a wide range of vegetables.
Gardens have a rhythm of their own.
Gardens have barbecue and picnic area.
Gardens have benefits.
Gardens have drainage.
Gardens have fascinating rockeries and walled gardens with a wide range of plants.
Gardens have flowers.
Gardens have good drainage.
Gardens have healing power.
Gardens have impact.
Gardens have lawns.
Gardens have life.
Gardens have many benefits.
Gardens have papaya trees.
Gardens have plants.
Gardens have potential.
Gardens have trees.
Gardens have weeds.
Gardens help health.
Gardens include flower plants.
Gardens include invasive weeds.
Gardens include many such plants.
Gardens include mound plants.
Gardens include plants.
Gardens include turnips.
Gardens include weeds.
Gardens intrude on the unrelieved tranquillity of green.
Gardens invite socialization.
Gardens lead to the pool, pool house, and tennis court.
Gardens look good.
Gardens make for great stories.
Gardens offer a place where kids can discover themselves.
Gardens open all year round dawn 'til dusk.
Gardens open all year.
Gardens open daily dawn until dusk.
Gardens open daily, free admission.
Gardens open daily, home tours by appointment.
Gardens open daily.
Gardens outside have Japanese, herb, and children's motifs, with pools and fountains.
Gardens play a critical role in reducing risks associated with inclement weather all over the world.
Gardens possess spiders.
Gardens possess worms.
Gardens produce food.
Gardens produce tomatoes.
Gardens provide a large proportion of the villager's subsistence food and are cash crop as well.
Gardens provide an important recreational resource in the human environment.
Gardens provide colorful accents in season.
Gardens provide food.
Gardens provide fresh food, beauty for the eyes and a restful place for the soul.
Gardens provide functions.
Gardens provide habitats.
Gardens provide ideal setting for receptions and parties.
Gardens provide nectar sources.
Gardens provide same functions.
Gardens provide sources.
Gardens provide the perfect setting for long term observation and investigation.
Gardens provide vocational training and sensory stimulation.
Gardens provide wildlife habitats.
Gardens range from cottage to formal to country, ten in all.
Gardens range from woodland to cottage to formal.
Gardens receive light.
Gardens require at least a foot of soil for landscaping and drainage systems.
Gardens require attention.
Gardens require maintenance.
Gardens require minimal attention.
Gardens require serpents the way radicals require cops.
Gardens run from the road to the river.
Gardens See some photos of our excellent gardens around the Inn.
Gardens slow the pace and bring life into focus.
Gardens smell sweetest when the air is mild and moisture is high.
Gardens still have a good chance of being successful and producing healthy plants.
Gardens still have roses and geraniums blooming.
Gardens surround and all are organic in production.
Gardens surround the back of the building.
Gardens surround the car park.
Gardens surround the cottage on all sides.
Gardens surround the manor and are accessible from the verandas adjoining the banquet rooms.
Gardens symbolize our roots.
Gardens thrive with the help of a compost pile.
Gardens use water.
Gardens vary in size.
Gardens Visit the most beautiful botanical gardens in the country.
Gardens Walking through the gardens is like stepping back to another era.
Gardens wither into deserts.
Gardens often attract a variety of wildlife, including birds, butterflies, and small mammals.
All gardens are a form of autobiography.
All gardens are barrier-free.
All gardens are in bloom and the air is rich with the fragrance of gorgeous flowers.
All gardens are man-made places.
All gardens are open for charity and are listed with The National Gardens Scheme.
All gardens come with rake and rocks.
All gardens feature plants on exhibition.
All gardens have an annual water fee.
All gardens have microclimates and a varying degree of nutrient levels.
All gardens have paths, planned or otherwise.
All gardens have problem animals that can damage plants.
All gardens have problem animals that damage plants.
All gardens offer nectar and host plants.
All gardens require sustained effort and water.
Any garden can benefit from some sort of structure.
Every garden can evoke passion, excitement and joy.
Every garden deserves a bit of art, and every piece of garden art deserves it's place in the sun.
Every garden gets bugs.
Every garden has a brief but pithy description plus all the details of opening times and cost.
Every garden has a semi-shady and moist patch.
Every garden has a specific design and character.
Every garden has a spot for a few vegetables.
Every garden has a surprise.
Every garden has it's own personalities.
Every garden is different and special.
Every garden is different.
Every garden is green now.
Every garden is unique.
Every garden needs a butterfly.
Every garden needs a compost pile.
Every garden needs an obelisk for nature's vines.
Every garden needs blossom all year round.
Every garden needs destinations, and places to linger make a new area seem more inviting.
Every garden needs pruning, a judicious hand with the herbicides.
Every garden needs some herbs tucked away in a corner.
Every garden needs sun, water and nutrients to help it grow.
Every garden possesses a unique element that sets it apart from the rest.
Every garden starts with soil even if it is just one pot.
Many gardens are in public places or private gardens which are open to the public.
Many gardens contain pools of large carp called koi.
Many gardens drain poorly only in some spots.
Many gardens feature Mediterranean and Southern Hemisphere plants.
Many gardens have cranes which symbolize immortality.
More gardens surround Casino de Montreal.
Most gardens are about a week ahead of normal development.
Most gardens are easily expandable.
Most gardens are in the U.S. and Canada.
Most gardens are near commercial potato fields.
Most gardens are near fields.
Most gardens are near potato fields.
Most gardens attract bees.
Most gardens attract birds.
Most gardens attract butterflies.
Most gardens attract deer.
Most gardens attract hummingbirds.
Most gardens attract songbirds.
Most gardens can benefit from the vertical line and foliage contrast grasses provide.
Most gardens consist of beds.
Most gardens consist of large rocks placed on top of sand or gravel.
Most gardens consist of plants.
Most gardens contain plants.
Most gardens contain specimens.
Most gardens get pests.
Most gardens have a lawn, which is attractive and also cushions accidental falls.
Most gardens have benefits.
Most gardens have drainage.
Most gardens have good drainage.
Most gardens have hot and cold spots.
Most gardens have impact.
Most gardens have life.
Most gardens have many benefits.
Most gardens have papaya trees.
Most gardens have plants.
Most gardens have potential.
Most gardens have single mature trees .
Most gardens have trees.
Most gardens have weeds.
Most gardens help health.
Most gardens hold a couple of group work days every year, usually for spring and fall clean up.
Most gardens possess spiders.
Most gardens possess worms.
Most gardens produce food.
Most gardens produce tomatoes.
Most gardens provide food.
Most gardens provide functions.
Most gardens provide habitats.
Most gardens provide nectar sources.
Most gardens provide same functions.
Most gardens provide sources.
Most gardens provide wildlife habitats.
Most gardens receive light.
Most gardens require attention.
Most gardens require maintenance.
Most gardens require minimal attention.
Most gardens use water.
Some garden snails use darts in reproduction.
Some gardens allow picnics.
Some gardens are built indoors in malls , public buildings , or greenhouses .
Some gardens are built indoors in malls, public buildings, or greenhouses.
Some gardens are businesses , which charge a fee to enter the garden .
Some gardens are businesses, which charge a fee to enter the garden.
Some gardens are easier to till than others.
Some gardens are too small to hold a fireworks display.
Some gardens attract finches.
Some gardens attract mammals.
Some gardens create problems.
Some gardens even have some cacti with their hurtful pricks.
Some gardens exist in themselves.
Some gardens fill with flowers.
Some gardens give impressions.
Some gardens have chickens.
Some gardens have conifers.
Some gardens have dwarf conifers.
Some gardens have hyper-linked websites.
Some gardens have information.
Some gardens have photo images.
Some gardens have playgrounds.
Some gardens hold barely enough soil to provide for a single plant.
Some gardens offer possibility.
Some gardens offer the peace and tranquility that is missing out in the streets.
Some gardens possess birds.
Some gardens possess snails.
Some gardens produce vegetables.
Some gardens require bees.
Some gardens support spanish bluebells.
Some gardens use spring-type clothespins to tie the cauliflower leaves up.
Some gardens work harder than others.
A gardener is a plantsman
Gardener isa expert.
Gardeners add texture, color, form, fragrance and beauty to our lives.
Gardeners agree that slugs are a menace, but they are often confused about which tactics to employ.
Gardeners also can control crabgrass by applying corn gluten meal.
Gardeners also can remove some lower limbs, then add flower and shrub plantings beneath the trees.
Gardeners also contribute practical material based on their years of experience.
Gardeners also have a master calendar for all their gardening tasks.
Gardeners also have a propensity to apply graphic descriptions to certain tools and plants.
Gardeners also learn about surplus.
Gardeners also team up during major projects.
Gardeners annually produce tons of produce each year.
Gardeners appreciate any tool.
Gardeners are a group that thinks ahead of necessity.
Gardeners are all too familiar with the manual watering system.
Gardeners are all too often influenced by a few warm days and a touch of spring fever.
Gardeners are always in the market for more plants.
Gardeners are big list-makers.
Gardeners are busy putting things up.
Gardeners are capable of garden plants.
Gardeners are capable of plant trees.
Gardeners are capable of water gardens.
Gardeners are capable of water plants.
Gardeners are confused about good and bad bugs in the garden.
Gardeners are easy to please.
Gardeners are employees.
Gardeners are eternal optimists.
Gardeners are fickle.
Gardeners are generous .
Gardeners are guardians, encouraging change where necessary and being a guiding influence.
Gardeners are happy people.
Gardeners are horticulturists.
Gardeners are key land managers.
Gardeners are more likely to own their home and a second vacation home.
Gardeners are mostly a peaceful bunch.
Gardeners are natural planners.
Gardeners are no exception.
Gardeners are one potential market.
Gardeners are people who grow things.
Gardeners are responsible for tending their own plots.
Gardeners are responsible for the conduct of any children or animal guest brought into the Garden.
Gardeners are responsible for the fertilization of their plots.
Gardeners are responsible for weeding and general upkeep of their garden plot.
Gardeners are responsible for weeding their gardens and the borders of the area.
Gardeners are silent, gentle people.
Gardeners are sometimes easy to buy things for, and sometimes difficult.
Gardeners are the most helpful people in the world.
Gardeners are very fervent in what they do.
Gardeners are welcome.
Gardeners are well grounded.
Gardeners are wonderful people.
Gardeners believe in tomorrow.
Gardeners blame moles for ruining plants.
Gardeners bring taste.
Gardeners bring their green thumbs inside.
Gardeners can accomplish the same results by a process called stratification .
Gardeners can actually enhance miner bee populations by providing dried mud blocks for nesting.
Gardeners can also apply a layer of straw between plant rows to help control weeds.
Gardeners can also build their own lighting structure.
Gardeners can also control crabgrass by applying corn gluten meal.
Gardeners can also prepare their own medium by mixing equal parts garden soil, peat, and perlite.
Gardeners can alter soil to improve drainage.
Gardeners can avoid treated wood by using rot resistant alternatives such as plastic lumber.
Gardeners can begin a compost pile.
Gardeners can borrow the idea of vertical space from skyscrapers.
Gardeners can bring problem hibiscus leaves in sealed plastic bags to the help desk for help.
Gardeners can change the environment and chemistry of the soil to match it to particular plants.
Gardeners can choose from numerous varieties, which are variable in size.
Gardeners can choose from several different fixtures.
Gardeners can choose from several excellent cultivars.
Gardeners can choose from several thousand named varieties.
Gardeners can choose from white, pink, red, blue, and purple flowering varieties.
Gardeners can choose pansy varieties based on the size of bloom and color combination.
Gardeners can choose to fence property, use repellents, or select deer-resistant plantings.
Gardeners can compost yard waste instead of buying soil.
Gardeners can create a legacy in so many ways.
Gardeners can do more than grow bulbs and stems.
Gardeners can dry their own plant material for use.
Gardeners can even grow miniature roses or ficus trees on their balconies.
Gardeners can expect early fruit and continuous production throughout the growing season.
Gardeners can expect two to three weeks longer harvest period than susceptible tomato cultivars.
Gardeners can experience warm, inviting days alternating with blowing rain, chill, and even sleet.
Gardeners can find all kinds of valuable information on the web.
Gardeners can find helpful hints on conserving water and eliminating invasive weeds.
Gardeners can find inspiration and advice to take home.
Gardeners can find online courses here to enhance their skills, plus a horticultural dictionary.
Gardeners can grow a variety of plants for a single, annual season of enjoyment.
Gardeners can grow pansies from seed or buy plants in flats at a local nursery.
Gardeners can haul a pickup full of manure for a small loading fee.
Gardeners can help as well and be encouraged to grow suitable plants to attract bumblebees.
Gardeners can help their plants reach the blooming stage with some preplant preparation.
Gardeners can help with keeping surface water flowing rather than backing up.
Gardeners can ingest roundworm eggs from soil contaminated with dog or cat feces.
Gardeners can install container plants from nurseries now and through the winter.
Gardeners can introduce new plants, such as water lilies and lotus, into an existing landscape.
Gardeners can learn about the wildlife value and landscape beauty and native shrubs provide.
Gardeners can look to their local extension offices for advice.
Gardeners can lower their soil pH by adding Canadian sphagnum peat to the soil.
Gardeners can often wait two weeks or more between mowings during late fall and winter.
Gardeners can only sympathise.
Gardeners can plant asparagus from seed.
Gardeners can prepare their own medium by mixing equal parts sphagnum peat and vermiculite.
Gardeners can protect plants with materials found around the house.
Gardeners can purchase flats, trays, pots, compressed peat pellets and other commercial products.
Gardeners can purchase flats, trays, pots, compressed peat pellets, and other commercial products.
Gardeners can purchase lettuce starts or grow the heads from seeds.
Gardeners can purchase perennials at local garden centers and mail-order nurseries.
Gardeners can recognize blossom-end rot by the brown discoloration on the blossom end of the fruit.
Gardeners can reduce the tendency for bolting in various ways.
Gardeners can reproduce or propagate junipers from stem cuttings.
Gardeners can similarly enrich their gardens using compost.
Gardeners can start plants indoors in containers four to five weeks earlier to extend the season.
Gardeners can take soil samples to their local county extension office for testing.
Gardeners can teach gardening, and schools and landlords can provide space for community gardens.
Gardeners can then cut the clump down to a few inches in early spring before new growth begins.
Gardeners can trace root paths by following the suckers and seedlings.
Gardeners can use a general fungicide that contains copper to prevent leaf spots and some mildews.
Gardeners can use layers of coverings to increase the warmth inside the frame over the winter.
Gardeners can use natural predators like ladybugs, lacewings, and syrphid flies for pest control.
Gardeners care about their direct relationship with soil, plants, and food.
Gardeners choose ornamental species with fine silky flower heads.
Gardeners choose plants.
Gardeners collect seeds.
Gardeners come once a week to cut the grass, trim the foliage and tidy the grounds.
Gardeners consider bats to be beneficial because of the large number of insects they consume.
Gardeners consider invasive plants.
Gardeners consider options.
Gardeners consider pests.
Gardeners consider plants.
Gardeners constantly conceal death in their attempts to create an illusion of a perfect world.
Gardeners continue picking tomatoes.
Gardeners create showy collections of herbaceous perennials.
Gardeners delight Staking variety.
Gardeners desire good weather.
Gardeners desiring a natural privacy border often add privet hedges to a landscape.
Gardeners develop their favorite way of doing things over time.
Gardeners dig first new potatoes and are trying to beat the birds to the ripe raspberries.
Gardeners discover results.
Gardeners do it in bed.
Gardeners do more harm than good by applying too much fertilizer.
Gardeners do surely come to love their plants.
Gardeners do work when they pull weeds.
Gardeners do, too.
Gardeners don t have to be expert photographers to win.
Gardeners dream home.
Gardeners encounter bugs on their broccoli and beetles on their beans every summer.
Gardeners engage in a modest sort of passionate labor.
Gardeners enjoy benefits.
Gardeners enjoy having flowers all season as much as the beneficial insects.
Gardeners enjoy success.
Gardeners enjoy watching spring's revival.
Gardeners everywhere have that far away stare as they dream of Technicolor gardens.
Gardeners find plants.
Gardeners flock from all over to attend.
Gardeners garden, surfers surf.
Gardeners get discouraged waiting and replanting.
Gardeners give advice.
Gardeners give best advice.
Gardeners grow beautiful flowers.
Gardeners grow celery plants.
Gardeners grow flowers.
Gardeners grow plants from cuttings.
Gardeners grow plants.
Gardeners grow rosemary plants to cook with and simply because they are beautiful plants.
Gardeners grow their oysters for about a year until they are around two inches in length.
Gardeners grow vegetables.
Gardeners harvest roots.
Gardeners have (part) arms.
Gardeners have (part) body substances.
Gardeners have (part) cell membranes.
Gardeners have (part) cells.
Gardeners have (part) corpi.
Gardeners have (part) cytoplasm.
Gardeners have (part) heads.
Gardeners have (part) human bodies.
Gardeners have (part) legs.
Gardeners have (part) material bodies.
Gardeners have (part) necks.
Gardeners have (part) nuclei.
Gardeners have (part) personality.
Gardeners have (part) plasma membranes.
Gardeners have (part) sections.
Gardeners have (part) vacuoles.
Gardeners have a choice of ways to create a bulb bed.
Gardeners have ability.
Gardeners have almost too many choices, but that is a nice problem to have.
Gardeners have bad backs.
Gardeners have beds.
Gardeners have luck.
Gardeners have many ways to try to divert the beasts from their crop.
Gardeners have problems.
Gardeners have same problems.
Gardeners have several insects that can damage their vegetables.
Gardeners have several options when it comes to controlling weeds in the vegetable garden.
Gardeners have several resources to help address their problems.
Gardeners have short memories it seems.
Gardeners have soil.
Gardeners have strange tastes.
Gardeners have their choice of two basic types of sunflowers single-stem and branching.
Gardeners have tools with matching handles.
Gardeners have two basic options on lawn care when confronted with hot, dry weather.
Gardeners help layering along by pegging sections of trailing stem into the soil.
Gardeners help plan, plant and maintain each bed.
Gardeners help plants.
Gardeners helping gardeners is what it's all about.
Gardeners here tend to plant in raised beds.
Gardeners increasingly recognize that wildlife enriches their personal garden experiences.
Gardeners install plants and brick pathways.
Gardeners know about soil acidity because it affects the plants and flowers that they grow.
Gardeners know all about suffering for beauty.
Gardeners know all the best dirt.
Gardeners know environments.
Gardeners know pesticide.
Gardeners know problems.
Gardeners know strong growth requires constant care.
Gardeners know that a garden is never done.
Gardeners know that blossom-end rot increases with dry soils.
Gardeners know that it can be used to help grow plants - but basically it is worthless.
Gardeners know that the most healthy, vibrant gardens include a rich variety of plants and flowers.
Gardeners know the best dirt.
Gardeners know tomatoes.
Gardeners know what freshly-ground wood chips do to their plants.
Gardeners like life.
Gardeners looking after their lawns are on guard in spring for damage done by crane-fly larvae .
Gardeners lose crops.
Gardeners lose cucumber crops.
Gardeners love butterflies.
Gardeners love gardens.
Gardeners love how peat moss makes weeding easier.
Gardeners love ladybugs because they eat a lot of insects that hurt gardens and crops.
Gardeners love plants, more than water features, or hummingbirds, or silly statues.
Gardeners love plants.
Gardeners love sharing information on new plants, old tricks, and great resources.
Gardeners love surprises at least as much as they love repetition and predictability.
Gardeners love tending the earth and watching their garden grow.
Gardeners love the convenience of shoppig online for seeds.
Gardeners love the vacuum function for making mulch and compost out of grass and leaves.
Gardeners love to grow things, and have a lot of patience.
Gardeners love to share.
Gardeners love to talk to each other.
Gardeners love turnips.
Gardeners mix half to one and a half oz. of powder to one gallon of water.
Gardeners never spend enough time just viewing their gardens.
Gardeners occasionally find bullet casings and buttons lost during the battle.
Gardeners place seeds.
Gardeners plant geraniums.
Gardeners plant pansies.
Gardeners plant seeds.
Gardeners plant sunflowers.
Gardeners plant the seeds in spring.
Gardeners prepare their dahlias for the flower show .
Gardeners produce tons of produce each year.
Gardeners provide enough water.
Gardeners provide water.
Gardeners prune their trees, organizers consolidate, and soldiers under attack oftentimes regroup.
Gardeners purchase plants.
Gardeners raise their charges in floats that attach to docks.
Gardeners rely on agility, flexibility and strength.
Gardeners remember mothers.
Gardeners remove fruit.
Gardeners say American sphagnum moss is too tough and stringy.
Gardeners seem to have a love-hate relationship with deer.
Gardeners seem to have an on-going passion for new perennials.
Gardeners select blooms and foliage for size, form, texture, and color.
Gardeners select plants.
Gardeners sense the ground calling.
Gardeners share information about growing plants.
Gardeners share knowledge and ideas.
Gardeners supply their own small tools, hoses, seeds and plants.
Gardeners swear that house plants like to be talked to or prosper with music.
Gardeners take care.
Gardeners take note.
Gardeners talk about native plants and the secret to deadheading roses.
Gardeners tend to be less vocal than farmers.
Gardeners test the acidity of soil all the time to determine what grows best in their flower beds.
Gardeners try to help the aliens get on their way back home by finding fuel within the garden.
Gardeners turn attention.
Gardeners typically enrich their soil with commercial fertilizers.
Gardeners use boil water.
Gardeners use care.
Gardeners use compost to help make soil a better place for plants to grow.
Gardeners use cuttings to propagate geraniums from mature plants, rather than starting with seeds.
Gardeners use fertilizer to give plants more nutrients.
Gardeners use hands.
Gardeners use methods.
Gardeners use one to scare way birds.
Gardeners use plastic pots.
Gardeners use pots.
Gardeners use products.
Gardeners use repetition in many ways, particularly in certain themed landscapes.
Gardeners use several general methods to propagate plants asexually.
Gardeners use special care.
Gardeners use sunlight, water and fertilizer to turn seed into wonderful plants.
Gardeners use the large three-ring notebook to add specialized and localized information.
Gardeners use the pH scale to determine how acidic or alkaline their soil is.
Gardeners use the plant mainly as a hedge.
Gardeners use the term cover crop and green manure in similar ways.
Gardeners use things like bark chips, cocoa shells or even old carpet.
Gardeners use tools to dig in the soil and water the crops.
Gardeners use treatments.
Gardeners use water.
Gardeners using the plant in a hedge can clip the arborvitae to fit their needs.
Gardeners want butterflies.
Gardeners wear floppy straw hats, sturdy pants with big pockets and clogs.
Gardeners welcome their visitors with plants.
Gardeners whack weeds and mow estate lawns.
Gardeners wishing to overwinter their geraniums can try several techniques.
Gardeners work at beds.
Gardeners work throughout the year on a variety of tasks and projects.
Gardeners always wind up as amateur photographers.
Gardeners frequently ask whether they can carry their poinsettias over to bloom again next year.
Gardeners frequently interplant herbs with vegetables and flowers.
Gardeners frequently soak the seed overnight in warm water.
Gardeners often ask why they have so many weeds.
Gardeners often attempt to compare a spray with a dust.
Gardeners often buy worms in large stock in order to increase the organic content of soil.
Gardeners often complain of a rash caused by working with the plants.
Gardeners often find that apple and crabapple fruit is a nuisance.
Gardeners often focus on their gardens and ignore backgrounds.
Gardeners often get too attached to their plants.
Gardeners often gripe about how difficult it is to grow plants in shady areas of their landscapes.
Gardeners often like to experiment and keep over their geraniums from year to year.
Gardeners often make the mistake of providing too much nitrogen.
Gardeners often move tender plants outdoors for the summer and then back inside during winter.
Gardeners often neglect their roses during the busy summer months.
Gardeners often notice brown and white spotting of the leaves during the fall and winter months.
Gardeners often notice sap or sawdust on the trunks of the affected trees.
Gardeners often pinch the flowering shoots as they form.
Gardeners often quit weeding as a crop matures.
Gardeners often rearrange their plants to suit their tastes.
Gardeners often rely on marigolds as a mainstay of the annual planting.
Gardeners often see crown gall of Euonymus, grape vines and fruit trees.
Gardeners often share the bounty of their gardens with friends, neighbors and relatives.
Gardeners often spray auxins on tomato plants to increase the number of fruits on each plant.
Gardeners often think of spring as the planting season and miss out on a great opportunity.
Gardeners often use cuttings from guava tree roots to cultivate new trees.
Gardeners often use trellises to support canes and ease berry harvest.
Gardeners usually add ingredients to customize mixes - like extra peat moss, sand, perlite, etc.
Gardeners usually have friends who also garden.
Gardeners usually plant narcissus bulbs in the fall.
Gardeners usually prefer loam or sandy soils.
All gardeners are familiar with the terms leaf , stem and seed .
All gardeners are magicians, creating transformations from bare earth.
All gardeners assist with the planting, watering and weeding of the plants.
All Gardeners Continue to weed.
All gardeners have successes and failures.
All gardeners know better than other gardeners.
All gardeners know that peppers like it hot, hot, hot.
All gardeners praise the glory of the compost heap.
All gardeners welcome. .
All gardeners welcome.
Any gardener can lift a butternut squash.
Any gardener can make opulent and gorgeous window boxes.
Any gardener can plant varieties that are often best viewed in the shadows of night.
Any gardener is familiar with clonal growth.
Any gardener is familiar with how asexual production works.
Any gardener knows that most plants are hardy creatures.
Any gardener knows that's a bunch of hooey.
Any gardener knows the appealing smell of rain-wet earth.
Any gardener needs to be confident about their water quality.
Every gardener brings their own personality to their garden.
Every gardener can have a backyard oasis.
Every gardener can use another spade, pruner, fork or trowel.
Every gardener depends on the right tools to cultivate their earth.
Every gardener employs a few tricks of the trade.
Every gardener has a mentor.
Every gardener has a wish list of book titles.
Every gardener keeps a different type of journal, and for different reasons.
Every gardener knows a healthy garden begins with rich, nutrient-laden soil.
Every gardener knows it's a war out there.
Every gardener knows that phosphate is essential to the well-being of plants.
Every gardener knows that the weeds grow with a speed and strength that few good seeds can equal.
Every gardener knows the problem posed by snails.
Every gardener loves tomatoes.
Every gardener needs a basic shovel for turning soil and digging holes.
Every gardener needs a good shovel, whether it s to dig trenches, move mulch, or digging a hole.
Every gardener needs a good-sized work surface for potting, repotting, and other messy jobs.
Every gardener needs a tool cleaning center.
Every gardener needs bug refrences.
Every gardener needs crocosmia.
Every gardener understands the value of sunlight and water.
Many gardeners usually prefer large-fruited varieties of the Japanese varieties.
Many gardeners add a half cup of bone meal or superphosphate at planting.
Many gardeners add a small handful of Epsom salts to the soil at planting, as a magnesium boost.
Many gardeners allow coral honeysuckle to climb over shrubs.
Many gardeners also find that deer and raccoons have a deep-seated love of corn.
Many gardeners apply Epsom salt, which contains magnesium and sulfur, after they have pruned.
Many gardeners are concerned about the initial investment needed to start their own seed factory.
Many gardeners are familiar with the sight of bright, sunny crocus, daffodils, and tulips.
Many gardeners are sensitive to the smell of pesticides.
Many gardeners are somewhat hostile to botanists.
Many gardeners are under the assumption that broccoli is difficult to grow.
Many gardeners assume that biological and botanical controls are always the best choice.
Many gardeners become concerned when their flowering tree or shrub fails to produce blossoms.
Many gardeners become frustrated, however, when pests ruin a crop or render fruit inedible.
Many gardeners can readily name a period of life when gardening simply wasn t working.
Many gardeners can t make up their mind between a formal hedge and a natural shrub.
Many gardeners choose the organic method because they want to be good stewards of the environment.
Many gardeners choose the showy flowers of the lotus, water lily or iris.
Many gardeners choose to plant sweet corn varieties in successive sowings.
Many gardeners combine inorganic and organic fertilizers to receive benefits from both.
Many gardeners complain that they are short on both time and garden space.
Many gardeners compromise and do both spraying and dusting.
Many gardeners consider any plant that grew in the U.S. before European settlement to be native.
Many gardeners consider lichens attractive and actually encourage their growth.
Many gardeners consider the peony as the backbone of any perennial border.
Many gardeners crowd their plants too much.
Many gardeners decide to go organic, deciding against any spraying.
Many gardeners decide to have ponds in their backyards because they want to have fish.
Many gardeners dig a hole in the garden to store pots of perennial herbs until the next season.
Many gardeners discover black or brown spots on the plant's leaves.
Many gardeners do find however that they make excellent forcing bulbs.
Many gardeners earmark New Year's as planting time.
Many gardeners enjoy maintaining a quality turf.
Many gardeners enjoy planting and growing green beans while others never quite get the hang of it.
Many gardeners enjoy seeing how quickly they can get the first ripe tomato.
Many gardeners enjoy starting some of their own plants.
Many gardeners enjoy the fruit of some varieties in addition to the flowers.
Many gardeners establish a small herb garden near the back door.
Many gardeners establish a small herb garden near the home.
Many gardeners experience the same frustration.
Many gardeners fail to understand how much fertilizer is in each bag.
Many gardeners feel manure is superior to synthetic products.
Many gardeners fertilize every three or four weeks to keep container plants looking good.
Many gardeners fill in the hole with dirt, and the area becomes lawn again.
Many gardeners find even the thought of pruning intimidating.
Many gardeners find it easier to purchase fresh propagules every spring.
Many gardeners find it hard to kill moss in their lawns.
Many gardeners find it hard to kill the mosses in their lawns.
Many gardeners find it useful to plan their garden on paper first, then amend the plan over time.
Many gardeners find moss attractive.
Many gardeners find themselves in a quandary when moving to a new home.
Many gardeners get a jump on the season by starting their flower and vegetable seeds indoors.
Many gardeners get good results by incorporating a cup of fertilizer into the hill before sowing.
Many gardeners get good results by using general house plant fertilizers.
Many gardeners go through a variegated phase, often as they gain in confidence.
Many gardeners grow heirlooms that have superior flavor.
Many gardeners grow prairie wildflowers specifically to attract butterflies to their gardens.
Many gardeners have a plan as to how they want their garden to look.
Many gardeners have a problem with leggy seedlings.
Many gardeners have a tenuous relationship with cats.
Many gardeners have evergreen trees growing in their yards from which to cut clippings.
Many gardeners have problems keeping grassy weeds out of iris.
Many gardeners have small spaces and very big ideas.
Many Gardeners have some experiences they can share to help others.
Many gardeners have too large a garden to control weeds in the time available for that task.
Many gardeners hire a licensed landscape contractor to plan and install such systems.
Many gardeners incorporate a timed-release fertilizer when planting.
Many gardeners insert a stake at the side of each hole at planting for future support.
Many gardeners keep mint in containers since it is an aggressive plant that spreads over the garden.
Many gardeners keep their geraniums from one year to the next.
Many gardeners leave the hoses in one location for an entire season or longer.
Many gardeners like to add plants in the natural area.
Many gardeners like to have herbs growing near the kitchen where they are handy to use in cooking.
Many gardeners like to jump the gun a bit to try and bring in the first tomato harvest.
Many gardeners like to make their own potting soil.
Many gardeners like to mix in compost, such as mushroom.
Many gardeners like to try new garden vegetable varieties each year.
Many gardeners like to work their vegetable plantings into the landscape.
Many gardeners love to grow turnip roots in their garden.
Many gardeners measure the health of their soil by the number of earthworms.
Many gardeners mistakenly believe they have killed off the perennial.
Many gardeners never have any problems using tap water.
Many gardeners now choose perennial plants over annuals.
Many gardeners order early and temporarily pot their hostas.
Many gardeners place landscape fabric under gravel.
Many gardeners plan their flower beds to accent the colors of the exterior of their home.
Many gardeners plant their herbs against a house or garage wall, which extends the season.
Many gardeners plant useful vegetable gardens OR beautiful fragrant flower gardens.
Many gardeners prefer a four inch pot or a shallow azalea-type pot.
Many gardeners prefer a permanent gate.
Many gardeners prefer a trowel to the hand-held bulb planter.
Many gardeners prefer clay pots.
Many gardeners prefer natives because they are usually easy to grow and maintain.
Many gardeners prefer to apply a dilute water-soluble fertilizer solution at every other watering.
Many gardeners prefer to dust flowers in the spring and vegetables throughout the season.
Many gardeners prefer to support tomato plants in cylindrical wire cages.
Many gardeners produce prize winning seed heads or the tallest sunflower plant.
Many gardeners prune their plants at the wrong time of year.
Many gardeners question how various vegetables are pollinated.
Many gardeners realize it is safer to ship plants in cool weather when they are mostly dormant.
Many gardeners recoil at the mere mention of bamboo because the running types can be so invasive.
Many gardeners report good results using organic remedies.
Many gardeners seem to feel the same way.
Many gardeners simply grow pot marigolds for their cheery bright flowers and profuse blooming.
Many gardeners skip soil testing because the process was a messy and time-consuming chore.
Many gardeners soak the seed before planting to improve germination.
Many gardeners spend considerable time and money to produce a healthy, attractive lawn.
Many gardeners spend considerable time and money to produce a well-groomed, attractive lawn.
Many gardeners start small when thinking about plants.
Many gardeners successfully control weeds with black plastic or straw mulch.
Many gardeners successfully keep beans, tomatoes, lettuce, and peppers.
Many gardeners suffer from gardening extremis-expectitis.
Many gardeners tend to isolate their bulbs from the rest of the garden.
Many gardeners tend to stop after they have harvested their spring-planted crop.
Many gardeners tend to think of applying mulch as a springtime activity.
Many gardeners think that the advantages of hybrids far outweight their disadvantages.
Many gardeners train their pepper plants to stakes or trellises with great success.
Many gardeners try to avoid the inevitable by overwintering some of their prized annuals indoors.
Many gardeners try to garden as they did in the northern climate.
Many gardeners use a combination, such as creating a natural balance aided by filters and bacteria.
Many gardeners use a raised bed when growing the long carrot varieties.
Many gardeners use a slow release.
Many gardeners use a technique called double digging, described in most general gardening books.
Many gardeners use an inexpensive hose-end sprinkler.
Many gardeners use an organic fertilizer which gives a slow release over many months.
Many gardeners use cuttings, or fragments of plants, to produce clones.
Many gardeners use grass clippings as a mulch in vegetable or ornamental gardens.
Many gardeners use plastic-covered tunnels to protect their lettuce during the winter months.
Many gardeners use the annual sweet alyssum for edging.
Many gardeners wait until late summer, when the fresh growth has hardened, to take cuttings.
Many gardeners welcome earthworms, as they aerate and enrich the soil with their droppings.
Many gardeners wonder what to do when cilantro bolts.
More gardeners prefer to use shredded leaves.
Most gardeners add the plants to the compost pile when they start to decline.
Most gardeners agree that compost is one of the garden's best friends.
Most gardeners already use vertical growing to save space in the garden.
Most gardeners appreciate the benefits compost adds to their garden.
Most gardeners are familiar with daffodils, hyacinths, and crocuses.
Most gardeners are familiar with looseleaf lettuce, regarded by many as the easiest to grow.
Most gardeners are familiar with plants' needs for nitrogen, phosphorus, and potassium.
Most gardeners are familiar with the large, double-flowered peonies.
Most gardeners are happy to share information.
Most gardeners are nuts about organic matter.
Most gardeners are pretty open with information and some even provide cuttings for friends.
Most gardeners are progressive, optimistic people, eager to try new plants and techniques.
Most gardeners are very happy to share knowledge.
Most gardeners are women.
Most gardeners bring taste.
Most gardeners buy plants to be set out.
Most gardeners can get by with a fairly modest collection of tools.
Most gardeners can harvest fruit without having to apply fungicides.
Most gardeners choose plants.
Most gardeners collect seeds.
Most gardeners consider invasive plants.
Most gardeners consider options.
Most gardeners consider pests.
Most gardeners consider plants.
Most gardeners dig it into the soil immediately.
Most gardeners discover results.
Most gardeners do because many soils used for gardening are less than ideal.
Most gardeners do so for a variety of reasons.
Most gardeners don t start with great soil.
Most gardeners enjoy benefits.
Most gardeners enjoy over planting perennials.
Most gardeners enjoy success.
Most gardeners feel that predator is and can be homo sapiens.
Most gardeners find it more convenient to purchase plants or tuberous roots.
Most gardeners find much more than they can afford.
Most gardeners find plants.
Most gardeners find that raised beds are easier to maintain and promote better plant growth.
Most gardeners find that the convenience alone is worth the installation cost.
Most gardeners give advice.
Most gardeners give best advice.
Most gardeners grow a few or several varieties.
Most gardeners grow beautiful flowers.
Most gardeners grow celery plants.
Most gardeners grow flowers.
Most gardeners grow plants.
Most gardeners grow potatoes from seed potatoes although actual seeds are available.
Most gardeners grow vegetables.
Most gardeners harvest more than they consume.
Most gardeners harvest roots.
Most gardeners have a dual personality concerning plant selection.
Most gardeners have a plethora of pots accumulating in a dark corner somewhere.
Most gardeners have ability.
Most gardeners have access to only a small plot of land.
Most gardeners have beds.
Most gardeners have greater success growing the herbaceous peony rather than the tree form.
Most gardeners have luck covering the area where tulips are planted until the ground freezes.
Most gardeners have luck.
Most gardeners have problems.
Most gardeners have same problems.
Most gardeners have their favorite sources for plants.
Most gardeners help plants.
Most gardeners ignore sapsucker damage.
Most gardeners interplant annuals among perenniels to fill in colors.
Most gardeners know about the benefits of adding organic matter to the soil.
Most gardeners know environments.
Most gardeners know how to trick bulbs into blooming indoors out of season with refrigeration.
Most gardeners know pesticide.
Most gardeners know problems.
Most gardeners know tomatoes.
Most gardeners like to find a site in the landscape for in ground planting.
Most gardeners like to keep their poinsettia even if it is a chore.
Most gardeners like to pick out their own plants.
Most gardeners like to share their hobby and grow new gardeners.
Most gardeners lose crops.
Most gardeners lose cucumber crops.
Most gardeners love butterflies.
Most gardeners love gardens.
Most gardeners love plants.
Most gardeners love turnips.
Most gardeners make the mistake of planting the seed too deep.
Most gardeners observe their plants.
Most gardeners plant their gardens in the spring or early summer.
Most gardeners prefer south or southeasterly slopes.
Most gardeners prefer the clear bulb as it produces the brightest white light available.
Most gardeners prefer the curved blade that cuts on the draw strokes.
Most gardeners prefer to buy transplants.
Most gardeners prefer to keep a combination of plants for variety.
Most gardeners prefer to propagate ginkgo from softwood cuttings taken from male trees.
Most gardeners prefer white sets for green onions, although red or brown sets are also acceptable.
Most gardeners provide enough water.
Most gardeners provide water.
Most gardeners purchase pesticides at retail stores.
Most gardeners purchase plants.
Most gardeners remember mothers.
Most gardeners remove fruit.
Most gardeners seem to have better luck growing the herbaceous forms.
Most gardeners skip the seeds and buy bare-root roses or potted roses for their gardens.
Most gardeners sow seeds directly in the garden, after danger of frost has passed.
Most gardeners sow seeds directly in the garden, after danger of frost has past.
Most gardeners start tomatoes with transplants.
Most gardeners start with seeds but transplants are often available at local nurseries.
Most gardeners take care.
Most gardeners take photos of gardens when the flowers are blooming in spring and summer.
Most gardeners think grasses are for the sun only.
Most gardeners think of quality of life in terms of a healthy lifestyle.
Most gardeners think of red-flowered scarlet sage when annual salvia is mentioned.
Most gardeners toss such plants and buy new ones the following fall or holiday season.
Most gardeners turn attention.
Most gardeners use boil water.
Most gardeners use care.
Most gardeners use hands.
Most gardeners use hydrangeas to fill in gaps in garden beds, along fences and the like.
Most gardeners use methods.
Most gardeners use more seed than necessary for a healthy plant stand.
Most gardeners use organic mulches.
Most gardeners use plastic pots.
Most gardeners use pots.
Most gardeners use products.
Most gardeners use special care.
Most gardeners use the standard row crop planting method.
Most gardeners use too many fertilizers.
Most gardeners use treatments.
Most gardeners use water.
Most gardeners view it as an escape from the stresses of everyday life.
Most gardeners work at beds.
Some gardeners always plant their seeds in little rows in a larger flat.
Some gardeners add a small amount of bonemeal at planting to encourage stronger foliage later.
Some gardeners add bonemeal to the soil.
Some gardeners advocate covering newly sown seeds with plastic to maintain moisture.
Some gardeners also apply rooting hormone.
Some gardeners also apply sticky bird repellents to trunks to discourage feeding.
Some gardeners also grow dill to keep as an ornamental plant.
Some gardeners also like to use manures as their major sources of plant nutrients.
Some gardeners also pick the open blossoms before the fruit develops.
Some gardeners also pick the open male and female blossoms before the fruits develop.
Some gardeners also use physical barriers to control weeds in their garden.
Some gardeners apply diluted amounts of fertilizer with almost every watering.
Some gardeners apply weekly foliar feeds.
Some gardeners appreciate habits.
Some gardeners appreciate values.
Some gardeners are reluctant to apply fungicide unless rain has occurred since the last application.
Some gardeners arrange their gardens in mixed rows or beds.
Some gardeners avoid conditions.
Some gardeners battle the pesky plant-eaters with chemicals.
Some gardeners believe that certain plants perform better when grown together.
Some gardeners buy greenhouses.
Some gardeners can feel intimidated when confronted with the Latin names of plants.
Some gardeners claim that it's delicious when candied.
Some gardeners collect manure.
Some gardeners come up with surprises to entertain visitors.
Some gardeners complain that because earthworms eat organic matter they cause the soil to harden.
Some gardeners complain that oxalis is invasive, but so far, it's well-behaved in our garden.
Some gardeners consider hybrid tulips.
Some gardeners consider tulips.
Some gardeners cover a trellis with thorny vines to discourage adventurous children.
Some gardeners create sorts.
Some gardeners cringe at the sight of a colony of spider mites or other crop-destroying insects.
Some gardeners determine locations.
Some gardeners determine optimal locations.
Some gardeners discourage borer problems by applying an insectide when the flowers bloom.
Some gardeners discover invaders.
Some gardeners drench the soil with a fungicide before sowing.
Some gardeners drive three stakes into the ground about six inches from the young tomato plant.
Some gardeners enjoy hollyhocks.
Some gardeners enjoy watching foliage change as perennials age through winter.
Some gardeners enjoy willows.
Some gardeners enlist the help of wildlife and domestic animals.
Some gardeners evaluate levels.
Some gardeners feel the difference in soil type is of little consequence.
Some gardeners feel they have to have a lawn for the kids or the dogs or because it looks pretty.
Some gardeners find diseases.
Some gardeners find gaura to perform best when cut down to the roots in autumn.
Some gardeners find hard rain.
Some gardeners find herbs.
Some gardeners find plenty.
Some gardeners find rain.
Some gardeners find that melons are ready to harvest when the blossom end of the fruit is soft.
Some gardeners find the flowers messy.
Some gardeners formulate medicine.
Some gardeners get fertilizer.
Some gardeners go through a section at a time and remove everything as they go.
Some gardeners grow hollyhocks.
Some gardeners grow potato.
Some gardeners grow thistles.
Some gardeners harvest fruit.
Some gardeners harvest parsley plants.
Some gardeners harvest plants.
Some gardeners have banned deer by installing electric fences or tall, deer proof fences.
Some gardeners honor the official beginning of spring by planting peas.
Some gardeners identify parsleys.
Some gardeners increase the use of filtration in order to feed fish more.
Some gardeners kill plants.
Some gardeners kill poppy plants.
Some gardeners know bulbs.
Some gardeners know kinds.
Some gardeners know tiny bulbs.
Some gardeners layer pieces of carpeting, roofing paper or newspapers to insulate the soil.
Some gardeners like to pass quality seed down from generation to generation.
Some gardeners like to root leaf cuttings in water.
Some gardeners like to switch fertilizer during the course of the growing season.
Some gardeners like to use their own soil.
Some gardeners make applications.
Some gardeners make compost in custom built boxes.
Some gardeners make insecticide applications.
Some gardeners offer operations.
Some gardeners opt for electrified fences baited with peanut butter.
Some gardeners place blood meal around the sweet corn planting.
Some gardeners place plastic jugs filled with water in the coldframe between the plants.
Some gardeners place straw mulch over the row so that carrots can be harvested throughout the fall.
Some gardeners plant asiatic jasmine.
Some gardeners plant enough dill for themselves and the caterpillars.
Some gardeners plant french marigolds.
Some gardeners prefer fragrant plants.
Some gardeners prefer plants such as liriope or monkey grass as a border.
Some gardeners prefer rotted leaf mold.
Some gardeners prefer the young, tender leaves and cut the inner rosette of young growth.
Some gardeners prefer to cut off the fruits to prevent damage to the plant.
Some gardeners prefer to start their seeds in individual containers like peat pots or in cell packs.
Some gardeners prefer to support the growing foliage with stakes and strings to keep it tidy.
Some Gardeners prefer to use manure.
Some gardeners prefer to use purple foliage with discretion.
Some gardeners prefer two pumps, increasing the visual and sound effects of their aquatic garden.
Some gardeners prefer using machine cultivation on long rows to hand weeding.
Some gardeners prefer white or blanched asparagus.
Some gardeners prevent flea beetles by alternating rows of pak choi with garlic and green onions.
Some gardeners purchase lilies.
Some gardeners push limits.
Some gardeners put a shovelful of soil at one or more locations along each vine.
Some gardeners raise butterflies.
Some gardeners raise fowl.
Some gardeners raise guinea fowl, turkeys, or other grasshopper eaters.
Some gardeners realize conditions.
Some gardeners recommend cutting the plant back by a third before bringing it in.
Some gardeners recommend dipping hands in milk.
Some gardeners recommend ducks or guineas.
Some gardeners recommend using a bristle broom or soft counter sweep to brush larvae from the spear.
Some gardeners rely on stale beer traps.
Some Gardeners remove a few canes each winter.
Some gardeners remove all suckers, while others remove all but the first sucker.
Some gardeners remove one older cane per year to let younger, more vigorous canes develop.
Some gardeners replant the wild annuals in their meadows each year to refresh full bloom.
Some gardeners report success.
Some gardeners report that it is an effective snail control.
Some gardeners routinely sharpen the blade after each third mowing.
Some gardeners run into trouble when they try to grow exotic varieties.
Some gardeners say cats help keep snakes out of the garden.
Some gardeners say certain herbs fend off pests in vegetable and flower gardens.
Some gardeners see an ant hill in their lawn and react with panic.
Some gardeners see ants scurrying around on the paving stones on patios or driveways.
Some gardeners see snapdragons.
Some gardeners simply sink the bulb, pot and all, into a raised bed.
Some gardeners soak seed for a day before sowing to hasten germination.
Some gardeners specialize in cacti, orchids, tropical houseplants, or any of many other types.
Some gardeners stake eggplant like tomatoes.
Some gardeners stake individual tomato plants, either in rows or in squares.
Some gardeners start plants.
Some gardeners start seedlings in vermiculite they buy at garden supply stores.
Some gardeners stick to just one tomato variety year after year.
Some gardeners stuff the crown of the plant with straw to aid insulation.
Some gardeners swear by gypsum as a soil conditioner.
Some gardeners take advantage.
Some gardeners tend to scatter their plantings.
Some gardeners think of spring bulbs as the first signs of spring.
Some gardeners tie the layer's tip to a stake to help it grow upwards.
Some gardeners tie the tops in a bundle with twine or duct tape to make clean up easier.
Some gardeners try many cultivars.
Some gardeners try to avoid all potentially poisonous plants.
Some Gardeners turn compost regularly to ensure that all materials are heat processed.
Some gardeners understand degrees.
Some gardeners use a granular fertilizer that becomes available to the plants when the soil warms.
Some gardeners use a lawnmower to shred leaves before using as mulch.
Some gardeners use a light covering of peat moss to retain moisture.
Some gardeners use a thin layer of pine needles to hold the newspaper down.
Some gardeners use an electric toothbrush as a vibrator to disperse the pollen.
Some gardeners use annual ryegrass as a companion crop for crimson clover.
Some gardeners use bags.
Some gardeners use black polyethylene mulch to warm the soil for better growth and to control weeds.
Some gardeners use brown shingles.
Some gardeners use bulbs.
Some gardeners use cold frames or hotbeds or force in a trench in the garden.
Some gardeners use corn as a trellis for pole beans.
Some gardeners use hibiscus fertilizer, which has a high last number.
Some gardeners use homemade remedies.
Some gardeners use knives.
Some gardeners use more than one so that they can feed their plants most appropriately.
Some gardeners use scarecrows, but before long they become roosts for neighborhood birds.
Some gardeners use shingles.
Some gardeners use shrubby branches to make a natural trellis.
Some gardeners use such light coverings to protect tender plants from sleet.
Some gardeners use traps to capture chipmunks for release miles away.
Some gardeners wear gloves with nonslip, sticky grips on the palms to improve their grasp.
A gardenia is a bush
Gardenia also requires an acid soil.
Gardenia is a little tricky to grow, often dropping flower buds if the soil dries out.
Gardenia is for the scared or the shy, as it expresses secret untold love.
Gardenia is for the scared or the shy, since it expresses secret untold love.
Gardenia is found in most all perfumes and is notorious for setting off migraines.
Gardenia is highly susceptible.
Gardenias are evergreen shrubs native to tropical forests of Southeast Asia.
Gardenias are flowers that come from the evergreen tree.
Gardenias are flowers.
Gardenias are plants.
Gardenias are shrubs.
Gardenias are subject to scale, red spider mites, mealybugs, nematodes, and a canker disease.
Gardenias bloom their best with warm days and cool nights.
Gardenias come as shown with greenery in place.
Gardenias have a reputation for being difficult to grow .
Gardenias have a reputation for being difficult to grow.
Gardenias never bloom profusely, but can bloom off and on for months.
Gardenias prefer acid, moist, well-drained soils.
Gardenias prefer approx.
Gardenias require excellent drainage and are heavy feeders.
Gardenias require high humidity to perform their best.
Gardenias seem to have a problem in our area.
Gardening class begins.
Gardening classes are often available through rehab centers and independent living centers.
Gardening classes feature instruction on herb, kitchen, gardening and flower design.
Gardening club offers programs on gardening and conservation to members and guests.
Gardening clubs are a wealth of local information.
Gardening journals are also popular, and many have colorful pictures of world-class gardens.
Gardening tools are very effective against zombies, as are lawn gnomes.
Most gardening tools have a cutting edge that needs to be sharpened.
Gardening  sweat.
Gardening also creates opportunities for recreation, exercise, therapy, and education.
Gardening also involves searching for the best seed varieties.
Gardening also lowers stress and increases relaxation.
Gardening are art forms.
Gardening are farming.
Gardening are hobbies.
Gardening become the largest national pastime.
Gardening becomes easier and more rewarding.
Gardening becomes more difficult.
Gardening brings a sense of pleasure and enjoyment to everyone.
Gardening brings nature closer to home Spring is almost here.
Gardening brings out the use of annuals and perennials.
Gardening builds community.
Gardening burns calories.
Gardening calendars A ceramic lighthouse makes a decorative bird feeder.
Gardening can also be a problem.
Gardening can be a challenge due to the heat, humidity, and poor, sandy soils.
Gardening can be a challenging activity for mind and body.
Gardening can be a cheap form of therapy.
Gardening can be a fun, relaxing and a profitable experience.
Gardening can be a life-long skill.
Gardening can be a prayerful work.
Gardening can be a real bonding experience between neighbors.
Gardening can be a transforming activity for young and old.
Gardening can be a very enjoyable and fruitful activity especially if the weather cooperates.
Gardening can be a year round projedt.
Gardening can be an intergenerational gem.
Gardening can be difficult here.
Gardening can be either frustratingly uncertain or an exciting challenge.
Gardening can be for everyone.
Gardening can be fun and easy.
Gardening can be fun and relaxing.
Gardening can be fun, or even funny.
Gardening can be good for the body and the soul.
Gardening can be hard work, but with quality tools gardening can be a lot more fun.
Gardening can be like a good game of chess.
Gardening can be year round in most areas.
Gardening can become a kind of disease.
Gardening can capture the imagination of the child iv.
Gardening can cause muscle strains and sprains, and lead to spasms in the back.
Gardening can have wonderful results both in improving motor skills and reducing stress.
Gardening can play a big role in improving the quality of life.
Gardening can range from easy to a challenge.
Gardening develops self-esteem, a sense of nurturing and the quality of generosity.
Gardening encompasses all three.
Gardening engages all five of the human senses as few activities do.
Gardening engages all of our senses as well as our minds and imagination.
Gardening enhances many aspects of a person's life including physical, mental, and social.
Gardening enriches our lives, providing opportunities for education and food for the hungry.
Gardening entails continuous and sometimes strenuous physical activity.
Gardening exposes children to the process involved in the entire gardening process.
Gardening forever is a gardening web magazine for all gardeners.
Gardening Get some fresh air with our range of outdoor stores.
Gardening has a way of refreshing the soul.
Gardening has more to offer than just succulent vegetables.
Gardening has nothing to do with academics.
Gardening has the added benefit of contributing to the patients' mental and emotional recovery.
Gardening helps children appreciate nature.
Gardening helps children develop in many ways.
Gardening here is different from gardening in any other part of the country.
Gardening here is dominated by exposure from the dramatic physical backdrop and a cold wet climate.
Gardening Here is the place for interesting stories.
Gardening includes gardening related links.
Gardening involves a lot of bending over.
Gardening involves commitment.
Gardening involves more than just growing healthy vegetables, herbs, and flowers.
Gardening is a big factor.
Gardening is a bit like painting.
Gardening is a bolt-on leisure pursuit.
Gardening is a constant challenge.
Gardening is a continuation of our long relationship with the earth.
Gardening is a craft that requires having a sense of both art and tradition.
Gardening is a delightful and satisfying hobby.
Gardening is a family tradition.
Gardening is a favorite American hobby, perhaps a by-product of our agricultural roots.
Gardening is a favorite occupation in Russia, especially at the dacha.
Gardening is a favorite pursuit of the household.
Gardening is a fun, healthy activity that promotes the use of the multiple intelligence's.
Gardening is a gift all year round.
Gardening is a good basis for developing friendships.
Gardening is a good counterpoint to administration.
Gardening is a good form of physical activity.
Gardening is a good thing.
Gardening is a good way to enjoy and learn about the outdoors.
Gardening is a good way to start.
Gardening is a great leveler between people, whatever their stations.
Gardening is a great topic with a huge market.
Gardening is a great way to do it.
Gardening is a great way to get involved in the community.
Gardening is a great way to keep in shape.
Gardening is a great way to teach our children about life.
Gardening is a healing art.
Gardening is a healthy recreational activity in which all can participate.
Gardening is a hobby as evidenced by flowering plants and shrubs.
Gardening is a hobby.
Gardening is a hot topic of conversation around the water cooler.
Gardening is a human art that is a pleasure to learn and share.
Gardening is a humbling experience.
Gardening is a humbling, yet so satisfying vocation.
Gardening is a knowledge intensive business.
Gardening is a labor of love.
Gardening is a lot of trial and error.
Gardening is a low-tech activity.
Gardening is a major hobby in America.
Gardening is a more than just plunking it in the ground and hoping for the best.
Gardening is a new passion.
Gardening is a non-violent activity that mothers can enjoy with their children.
Gardening is a nurturing process.
Gardening is a passion.
Gardening is a pastime that gives untold pleasure to millions of people all over the world.
Gardening is a patience-building hobby.
Gardening is a popular hobby in the Bitterroot Valley.
Gardening is a popular pastime in and around Vancouver.
Gardening is a popular pastime, especially among the retirees who have time for it.
Gardening is a precise art in Japan .
Gardening is a prevalent local activity.
Gardening is a project children can take charge of from start to finish.
Gardening is a quiet art.
Gardening is a really fun thing.
Gardening is a rewarding hobby.
Gardening is a theme used across the curriculum.
Gardening is a tough category.
Gardening is a treasure and a gift that can last a lifetime.
Gardening is a very good exercise.
Gardening is a very rewarding experience.
Gardening is a visual as well as hands-on art.
Gardening is a war.
Gardening is a way of life.
Gardening is a way of therapy and a means to release stress.
Gardening is a wonderful family project for children of all ages.
Gardening is a wonderful hobby and can be a terrific profession, too.
Gardening is a wonderful pastime.
Gardening is a wonderful relaxing past time.
Gardening is a year-round interest for many retirees who are beautifully rewarded in all seasons.
Gardening is about cherishing.
Gardening is about compassion.
Gardening is about life and death, then and now, success and failure.
Gardening is about process.
Gardening is active living.
Gardening is all about fun, sprinkled with a little effort of love.
Gardening is all about maximizing potential.
Gardening is all about means, about process, about working with the earth.
Gardening is almost at a standstill.
Gardening is also a good form of exercise.
Gardening is also a great form of exercise.
Gardening is also a great way to let out any anger or frustrations.
Gardening is also a large part of being self-reliant.
Gardening is America s favorite pastime.
Gardening is an activity that can transform time, space, and habitual reactions.
Gardening is an activity that feeds the mind.
Gardening is an art of a sort.
Gardening is an excellent source of exercise.
Gardening is an excellent way for exercise, eating healthy, socializing, and learning.
Gardening is an excellent youth project.
Gardening is an exciting, approachable way to teach kids about plants.
Gardening is an exercise in optimism.
Gardening is an ideal preventative therapy to maintain personal well being.
Gardening is an infinite game.
Gardening is an overall beneficial activity.
Gardening is another one of our favorite past times.
Gardening is another passion in life.
Gardening is apparently an inexact art.
Gardening is as much art as science, and there are many ways to do just about everything.
Gardening is both a means and an end.
Gardening is both art and science, with some luck and skill thrown in for good measure.
Gardening is considered a moderate exercise.
Gardening is considered to be a relaxing activity for many people.
Gardening is definitely a favorite.
Gardening is done just to produce fruit or vegetables for the gardener's own family.
Gardening is easy to carry on out side of the health facility.
Gardening is exercise.
Gardening is fine.
Gardening is food for the soul.
Gardening is for the retired and redundant.
Gardening is full of expert ideas and help.
Gardening is fun even though it requires effort and work to do it well.
Gardening is fun to do and bird watching as well.
Gardening is fun.
Gardening is good especially if there are veges involved.
Gardening is good exercise and burns up plenty of calories.
Gardening is good exercise, and the benefits are delicious and nutritious.
Gardening is good exercise.
Gardening is good therapy.
Gardening is great exercise and a good family project.
Gardening is great preventative medicine.
Gardening is hard on the hands and the back.
Gardening is hard work.
Gardening is hot and the options for creative designs are endless.
Gardening is in again.
Gardening is introduced in the fourth grade.
Gardening is just plain good for the soul.
Gardening is just so relaxing.
Gardening is like a sport's event.
Gardening is like art.
Gardening is like most other hobbies.
Gardening is listed among their favorite activities along with travel, music, family and the home.
Gardening is meant to be enjoyed.
Gardening is merely a hobby.
Gardening is mostly common sense.
Gardening is much like life.
Gardening is much more enjoyable without snow or cold temperatures.
Gardening is number one leisure activity and participation is predicted to increase.
Gardening is obsession enough.
Gardening is often a family activity.
Gardening is one of America's fastest growing outdoor activities.
Gardening is one of America's most popular hobbies.
Gardening is one of Australia's most popular leisure activities.
Gardening is one of Britain's favourite pastimes, and having a stroke is no bar to digging away.
Gardening is one of our favorite activities.
Gardening is one of our major hobbies.
Gardening is one of the best foods for the soul.
Gardening is one of the best ways to put children in touch with nature.
Gardening is one of the few hobbies that people of any age can enjoy.
Gardening is one of the many programs offered throughout the year.
Gardening is one of the most popular hobbies of adults in America and a great family activity.
Gardening is one of the most popular recreational pastimes in British Columbia.
Gardening is one of the oldest healing arts.
Gardening is one of the state's more popular hobbies.
Gardening is one of the top hobbies.
Gardening is one way for children to learn through meaningful activities.
Gardening is organic and seed saving is a critical part of their mission.
Gardening is over for the year.
Gardening is over.
Gardening is plant parenthood.
Gardening is play.
Gardening is popular because results are almost immediate, and the growing season is year round.
Gardening is popular locally, and there is usually a waiting list for allotment plots.
Gardening is popular too.
Gardening is prayer.
Gardening is prayerful because it's that first duty, writ small.
Gardening is probably the most popular.
Gardening is rated second.
Gardening is real therapy for everyone.
Gardening is related to farming.
Gardening is so centering for mind, body, and spirit.
Gardening is so good for the soul.
Gardening is so much fun but also hard work.
Gardening is so rewarding.
Gardening is so satisfying because it can confer independence.
Gardening is so violent.
Gardening is so wonderful.
Gardening is still the number one outside activity in America.
Gardening is such a great way of life.
Gardening is supposed to be enjoyable, and when it ceases to be so, then one soon loses interest.
Gardening is supposed to be enjoyable.
Gardening is teamwork.
Gardening is the art that uses flowers and plants as paint, and the soil and sky as canvas.
Gardening is the art that uses flowers as the paint and the soil and sky as the canvas.
Gardening is the best way to ensure that fruits, vegetables, and grains truly are organic.
Gardening is the cultivating and growing of plant life.
Gardening is the handiest excuse for being a philosopher.
Gardening is the intention to improve.
Gardening is the main subsistence activity.
Gardening is the major national pastime.
Gardening is the most common use of leisure time.
Gardening is the most popular hobby in America.
Gardening is the most popular hobby in the United States today.
Gardening is the most popular hobby of both men and women.
Gardening is the number one hobby in America.
Gardening is the number one hobby in the United States.
Gardening is the number one leisure time activity in the United States.
Gardening is the practice of growing and cultivating plants as part of horticulture .
Gardening is the purest of human pleasures.
Gardening is the slowest of the performing arts.
Gardening is the special job of everyone.
Gardening is therapeutic.
Gardening is therapy for the soul.
Gardening is therapy.
Gardening is thy avocation.
Gardening is too slow in a world which insists on acceleration.
Gardening is very meditative, and it brings good.
Gardening is very popular in Japan now.
Gardening is very therapeutic.
Gardening is wonderful for the job seeker because it's physical, recreational and focusing.
Gardening is, of course, just one example.
Gardening keeps people occupied in a positive way.
Gardening Learn about soil, composting, flowers, vegetables and many other green thumb tips.
Gardening Learn how to plant, grow, and harvest vegetables.
Gardening means different things to different people.
Gardening offers the opportunity to provide such an experience for today's youth.
Gardening offers tips and techniques, botany information, feature stories, and links.
Gardening organically is the only way to go.
Gardening proceeds year-round in our delightfully mild climate.
Gardening produces beauty to share with others while satisfying the inner urge to achieve.
Gardening promotes physical fitness for adults and provides alternatives to crime among youths.
Gardening promotes strength and flexibility.
Gardening promotes stronger bodies and more flexibility.
Gardening provides first hand experience even if it's just planting beans or other vegetables.
Gardening provides fresh air, sunshine, exercise, and a great deal of satisfaction.
Gardening really has no beginning and no end.
Gardening requires a commitment.
Gardening requires bending, which can be difficult or dangerous for people with back problems.
Gardening requires lots of water - most of it in the form of perspiration.
Gardening requires lots of water most of it in the form of perspiration.
Gardening requires planning and implementation of the plan.
Gardening requires trial and error.
Gardening Review a particular product profile by selecting it from the list below.
Gardening s great for that.
Gardening See what's new in Gardening.
Gardening seems to be a hot spot for hot ideas.
Gardening skills a plus.
Gardening takes a plot of land, a hoe and willing muscles.
Gardening takes time, the proper tools and plenty of fertilizer.
Gardening teaches a person that they are part of nature iii.
Gardening teaches many of the realities of nature and conservation through their use.
Gardening teaches patience and brings out the desire and with it the innate ability to nurture.
Gardening teaches responsibility and teamwork to youth caring for the garden.
Gardening transcends the boundaries of gender, race, age, and social status.
Gardening turns on most people today.
Gardening always takes a back seat to science.
Gardening often presents obstacles to overcome, such as short growing seasons or arid soil.
Gardening sometimes seems like just one more thing to squeeze into an already bulging to-do list.
All gardening is art, but the bonsai grower is the sculptor of the garden.
All gardening is done by hand.
All gardening is landscape painting.
Gardnerian covens are autonomous.
Gardnerville soils have a fine montmorillonitic particle-size control section.
A garfish is a bony fish
Many garfish continue to live in the lake today.
Gargantuan debts are nothing but indentured servitude.
Gargantuan eruptions are rare, but they do happen.
Gargantuan hands rest easy now.
Gargantuan robot terrorizes Maine countryside.
Gargantuan sculptures hang from above.
A gargoyle is a spout
Gargoyle isa artifact.
Gargoyles are an example of pagan symbolism used by the church.
Gargoyles are common to early European church structures where they serve as downspouts.
Gargoyles are decoration.
Gargoyles are demons that switched sides.
Gargoyles are fearsome creatures in combat.
Gargoyles are gargoyles.
Gargoyles are good.
Gargoyles are guardian statues placed into the decoration of many castles and buildings.
Gargoyles are interesting.
Gargoyles are misunderstood.
Gargoyles are one of the most misunderstood creations from medieval Europe.
Gargoyles are sculpture.
Gargoyles are similar to grotesques but gargoyles get rid of rainwater throught their mouths.
Gargoyles are smaller beasts that spit water at the ends of drain spouts.
Gargoyles are spouts.
Gargoyles are ugly, grotesque figures - part human, part animal.
Gargoyles attack anything they detect, regardless of whether it is good or evil, most of the time.
Gargoyles can be dragons, men, cats, bats, frogs, serpents and countless others.
Gargoyles can be dragons, men, cats, bats, frogs, serpents, and countless others.
Gargoyles defend the building at the bases of the gable parapets.
Gargoyles have (part) sections.
Gargoyles is now dead.
Gargoyles literally decorate the interview room.
Gargoyles love to hang around in cyberspace and many have made a cozy home for themselves online.
Gargoyles spout forth from the base of the embattled parapet.
Gargoyles spout water from the roof .
Gargoyles spout water from the roof.
Gargoyles stare down from the facades of many buildings.
Most gargoyles have names that describe their profession.
A garibaldi is a blouse
Garibaldi attempts to enlist the aid of the refugee telepaths.
Garibaldi brushes against a new world order.
Garibaldi grabs it just as the alien is about to shoot.
Garibaldi opens fire.
Garibaldi rushes in to find everyone there.
Garibaldi settles in for the night.
Garibaldi threatens again with utter sincerity.
Garibaldi turns off the computer system and restarts it.
Garibaldis are blouses.
Garibaldis are stations.
Garish graphics dumb down the presentation further, overwhelming the text with simple-minded images.
A garland is a floral arrangement
Garland adds a political kicker to the story, as if to compensate, but it's a narrative fifth wheel.
Garland adds a product line of consumer house paints.
Garland also appears to have relatively conservative instincts in criminal justice cases.
Garland also offers snowmobile rentals .
Garland asks rhetorically.
Garland begins the take, flubs it, and has to start again.
Garland contains a study room and a coin-operated laundry and vending room.
Garland cringes at the thought.
Garland currently is a permanent resident of Mexico.
Garland endorses the current framework for talks.
Garland enjoys blending acoustic drum textures with electronic motifs.
Garland has it's very own wave pool.
Garland has plenty to see and plenty to do.
Garland heads down whenever an extra set of hands is needed.
Garland is a suburb in northeastern Dallas County.
Garland is a suburb that is northeast of Dallas.
Garland is a tobacco farmern looking for alternative crops.
Garland is an extremely poor area with no industry.
Garland is arrested at the train station.
Garland is brilliant as the Kansas slacker who becomes a mob assassin.
Garland is home to two new hotels.
Garland is in a class by itself.
Garland is in every way the Typical American Suburban City adjoining Dallas .
Garland is indeed the ultimate four-season retreat.
Garland is listed as the game's probable starting pitcher.
Garland is no different.
Garland is perpetually in search of the Philippines.
Garland is the author to watch.
Garland is the fourth starter.
Garland isa group.
Garland journeys to the South American jungle in search of a cure for cancer.
Garland looks far from unhip.
Garland now offers premier trophy hunts in an unparalleled setting.
Garland paints the picture of a perfect society and the inherent problems that lie therein.
Garland placed on a tree is supposed to be the modern day equivalent.
Garland purchases land for additional warehouse expansion.
Garland recommends a three-step treatment.
Garland says it's easier to protect a healthy lake than bring a dead one back to life.
Garland says students also are given opportunties to help faculty with human factors research.
Garland says the ideal level of automation is one that keeps the operator involved.
Garland says the mid-Atlantic region is best.
Garland sloughs off such praise.
Garland successfully walks the line between the luxurious and the comfortable.
Garland writes as they travel, without emotion or opinion or allegiance.
Garlands also make festive necklaces or leis.
Garlands are easy to make from a variety of materials.
Garlands have (part) sections.
Garlands play a prominent part in the marriage customs of many nations.
Some garlands are worn by winners.
Garlic bread can be clumsy if overdone.
Garlic bread comes with pasta orders.
Garlic bread comes with the meal and also a flavorful potato dish.
Garlic bread contains butter, adding unnecessary saturated fat.
Garlic bread goes with almost any meal.
Garlic bread is a nice addition to most meals.
Garlic bread is bread
Garlic bread is bread.
Garlic bulb has important properties as an antibiotic.
Garlic bulbs are sold fresh or processed to produce a dry powder or oil.
Garlic bulbs contain the active ingredients allicin and ajoene.
Garlic bulbs contain the amino acid allicin.
Garlic bulbs cotain the amino acid allicin.
Garlic capsules combined with diabetes medication can cause a dangerous decrease in blood sugars.
A garlic chive is a bulbous plant
Garlic chives add a mild zing to soups, meats, and other dishes.
Garlic chives are also hardy perennials.
Garlic chives are especially good in oriental cuisine.
Garlic chives are part of garlic chives.
Garlic chives attract many butterflies.
Garlic chives have attractive flowers and can be used in containers.
Garlic chives have flat leaves and add a hint of garlic to dishes.
Garlic chives is of the species allium tuberosum.
Garlic clones are extremely variable and many strikingly distinct ones are in cultivation.
A garlic clove is ail
Garlic cloves are alive.
Garlic cloves pushes diastolic blood pressure down in patients with mild high blood pressure.
Garlic commands are strings, consisting of one or more words.
Garlic constituents alter cell cycle progression and proliferation.
Garlic constituents modify expression of biomarkers for human prostatic carcinoma cells.
Garlic documentation is written in HTML format.
Garlic extract can also fight helicobacter pylori, a bacterium that causes stomach ulcers.
Garlic extract is even more potent when applied externally.
Garlic extract is one fifth less potent than niclosamide.
All garlic flavors are great in cocktails replacing the olives.
Garlic harvest is about at the midway point, well ahead of last year.
Garlic lovers unite.
Garlic marinade is also excellent when used as a steak sauce.
Garlic milk is made by boiling bulbs mashed in milk.
Garlic mustard can invade undisturbed areas as well as disturbed areas.
Garlic mustard grows in open woods and at the edges of gardens, woods, and buildings.
Garlic mustard grows in upland and floodplain forests, savannas, yards, and along roadsides.
Garlic mustard has a two year life cycle.
Garlic mustard has at least some ability to sprout from the root crown following damage by fire.
Garlic mustard is a biennial plant with a two-year life cycle.
Garlic mustard is a herb
Garlic mustard is a native species to Europe that was introduced by early settlers.
Garlic mustard is a rapidly spreading woodland weed.
Garlic mustard is a threat to the forest ecosystems of the midwestern and eastern United States.
Garlic mustard is also a threat to species that depend on the native understory species.
Garlic mustard is also locally common in the Quebec City region.
Garlic mustard is an aggressive inader of forest understories.
Garlic mustard is an invasive alien plant that takes over if left alone.
Garlic mustard is an invasive biennial herbaceous weed.
Garlic mustard is an invasive plant species in North American temperate forests .
Garlic mustard is another .
Garlic mustard is another.
Garlic mustard is biennial.
Garlic mustard is crucifers.
Garlic mustard is often top-killed when exposed to fire.
Garlic mustard is one of the oldest discovered spices to be used in cooking in Europe.
Garlic mustard ranges from eastern Canada, south to Virginia and as far west as Kansas and Nebraska.
Garlic mustard spreads very rapidly.
Garlic oil contains alliin, which once the cloves are cut or crushed, is converted to allicin.
Garlic oil finds use in ready made spice - mixes, pharmaceuticals and disinfectants.
Garlic oil is also very effective to grow hair.
Garlic oil is very helpful for ear infections.
Many garlic pills release only small amounts of their active ingredients.
Garlic powder can be used in mashs, it helps prevent infections and parasites.
Garlic powder can help satisfy cravings for salt.
Garlic powder is a quick way to add garlic flavor to salad dressings and sauces.
Garlic powder is a veritable manna for bachelors.
Garlic powder is good to add to discourage fleas.
Garlic repellents can last for several hours.
Garlic roots like to go deep, so well cultivated soil is a big help.
Garlic salt is a seasoning
Garlic salt is garlic powder blended with salt and a moisture-absorbing agent.
Garlic salt is garlic powder mixed with table salt.
Garlic salt is made from pulverized, dehydrated garlic cloves.
A garlic sauce is a sauce
Garlic sauces can enhance the flavors of such foods as fish.
Garlic seed is actually one of the cloves from a head of garlic.
Garlic skin comes off easily if the garlic flakes are warmed a little before peeling.
Garlic soils are on dissected moraines and till-floored lake plains.
Garlic soup is a favorite in Spain and pickled garlic is a popular condiment in China and Thailand.
Garlic supplements are currently one of the best-selling herbal supplements in the United States.
Garlic supplements can improve many of the processes that can lead to cardiovascular disease.
Garlic supplements can improve many of the processes that can lead to cardiovasculardisease.
All garlic supplements have some nutritional value.
Garlic tablets are also effective and can be used by people who have problems digesting raw garlic.
Garlic tablets ward off intestinal bugs.
Garlic tea is an excellent treatment for colds and flu, as well.
Garlic toast is just so-so.
Garlic toasts appear and are eaten.
Garlic use can help to curtail yeast infections.
Many garlic varieties are susceptible to yellow tips.
A garlic is a bulbous plant
Garlics are divided into many parts called ' .
Garlics are divided into many parts called '.
Garlics are flavor.
Garlics are ingredients.
Garlics are located in kitchens.
Garlics are part of garlics.
All garlic is propagated vegetatively.
Any garlic is good garlic .
Most garlic is planted from planting vegetative plant parts called cloves.
Most garlics harvest somewhere in mid season.
Most garlics store well at room temperature.
Garlicky odor is actually due to the excretion of dimethyl selenide in the breath.
A garment bag is a suitcase
Garment bags are bags.
Garment bags are located in closets.
Garment bags can be great for short business trips.
Garment bags have an exterior top hook that allows the entire bag to be hung, open, in a closet.
Garment bags pose a special challenge.
Garment embellishment is the hottest trend in today's fashion industry.
Garment life is excellent.
Garment top is white pique.
Garment washing makes the shirts softer and minimizes shrinkage.
Garment work is an option that contributes to their growth.
A garment worker is a maker
Garment workers can organize unions and begin improving conditions in the factories.
Garment workers make long hours for very meagre returns and under poor conditions.
Most garment workers are women, and they are among the poorest paid in the industrial sector.
A garment is a clothing
Garment is constructed in laboratory.
Garment isa clothes.
Garment isa clothing.
Garment lays flat when fastened.
Garment runs under the heater to cure the ink.
Garments are available for purchase off the racks as well.
Garments are available in both camouflage and standard colors.
Garments are available in high visibility yellow.
Garments are available in various sizes, colors, styles and textures.
Garments are available with or without logo.
Garments are clothing.
Garments are custom made by hand using only the finest materials.
Garments are heat bonded along edges and double stitched with nylon thread.
Garments are located in suitcases.
Garments are low-margin.
Garments are made of cotton.
Garments are mostly layered chiffon dresses and skirts.
Garments are ready in one week.
Garments are rent, groans are uttered, and statements are drafted, resolving to do better.
Garments are to be brought the day of judging only, and each model is responsible for own garment.
Garments are to be clean and loose fitting for both the men and women.
Garments are worn by women.
Garments come back from the cleaner in long paper bags.
Garments covered here are strictly to customer requirements.
Garments have (part) bands.
Garments have (part) button holes.
Garments have (part) collars.
Garments have (part) cuffs.
Garments have (part) hems.
Garments have (part) lap covering.
Garments have (part) pocket flaps.
Garments have (part) pockets.
Garments have (part) sections.
Garments have (part) skirts.
Garments have (part) sleeve.
Garments have (part) stripes.
Garments have conventional styling in the front.
Garments lose substantial sun protection power when wet.
Garments made by home-based outworkers are strongly related to fashion trends.
Garments made from it are extremely light and thin for their warmth.
Garments made from their rare, luxurious wool are treasures which often become family heirlooms.
Garments made of llama fiber are extremely warm and, if tightly knit, are somewhat water resistant.
Garments made of specially formulated fibers can provide powerful protection against the sun.
Garments provide cover and protection.
Garments range from luxury sweaters and scarves, to the finest suits and most durable coats.
Garments remain as good as new and last longer.
Garments tend to be bulky in appearance.
Garments tend to be grotesque, oversized or skimpy.
Garments tend to lift up from normal body positions when crutches are used.
Garments vary significantly in fabric, style, color, compression, and price.
All garments are available for purchase direct from the manufacturers.
All garments are available only in cotton, unless otherwise specified.
All garments are black with the red and white design.
All garments are colorfast, preshrunk, and easy to care for.
All garments are completely washable.
All garments are custom designed.
All garments are handmade and cut to order.
All garments are hand-made in Australia made and produced in limited editions.
All garments are high quality and easy care with washability guaranteed.
All garments are in excellent condition.
All garments are light and easy to care for.
All garments are lined and provide a gentle, U-shaped waist reduction.
All garments are machine washable.
All garments are of high quality and the embroidery work is guaranteed.
All garments are shells, ie.
All garments are washable and easy to care for.
All garments benefit from buttons that contribute to their character.
All garments come in a soft blue strip on white background.
All garments contain pure new wool and are finished with handmade fimo buttons.
All garments have their sizes listed in their description.
All garments offer many of the technical perks of a top of the line garment, but at half the cost.
All garments shown on our website are available at all times.
Every garment also has a built-in oral inflation tube.
Every garment is custom-made to the customer's rigorous specs.
Every garment is hand pressed before it leaves the workroom.
Every garment is inspected by a supervisor.
Every garment is made to order based on an individual's personal measurements.
Every garment is removable, from tiny shoes and socks to underwear.
Every garment worn by a woman is found being manufactured in tenement rooms.
Most garments are expensive.
Most garments are made of cotton.
Most garments are worn by women.
Some garments are made of fur.
Some garments are more tailored than others.
Some garments are worn by ladies.
Some garments have more than one piece.
Some garments have two or more pieces.
Some garments require more time .
Garnet paper is better for all-round household use.
Garnet is a mineral
Garnet is minerals.
Garnet is precious stones.
Garnet is stones.
Garnet occurs in rounded grains, has very high relief in plane light and is isotropic.
Garnets actually sweep across all colours except blue.
Garnets also come in stunning shades of green, orange and gold.
Garnets are a basic for the businesswoman's wardrobe.
Garnets are a stone of healing, one that brings revitalizing energy right to our very core.
Garnets are also an important symbol of fidelity, faithfulness and protection.
Garnets are also available loose and in matrix.
Garnets are also smart for any social occasion.
Garnets are from brownish, purplish reds, blood-red, oranges and greens and colorless.
Garnets are glassy red , pink or reddish brown.
Garnets are isostructural , meaning that they share the same crystal structure.
Garnets are lucky stones.
Garnets are rare in igneous rocks.
Garnets are shown in magenta, staurolite is blue and plagioclase porphyroblasts are light yellow.
Garnets are silicate minerals which occur in all colors except blue.
Garnets are usually formed by metamorphism, however some have igneous origins.
Garnets belong to the isometric crystal class, which produces very symmetrical, cube-based crystals.
Garnets can occur in every color except for blue.
Garnets differ extensively in chemical composition from each other.
Garnets endow the wearer the ability to make deep and lasting friendships.
Garnets form in the cubic system.
Garnets have exceptionally fresh, clean rims.
Garnets look rather fresh and intact in the impactite rocks studied.
Garnets make a wonderful stone for business.
Garnets occur worldwide in a variety of rocks, particularly gneisses and schists.
Garnets offer enough variety in appearance to suit every taste.
Garnets protect travelers, prevent fever, and promote good health.
Garnets sharpen self-perception and extend openness to others.
All garnets can intermix within and between the two series.
All garnets have almost identical atomic structures.
All garnets have basically the same structure, but different chemical compositions.
Most garnet is used as an industrial abrasive, but occasionally gem quality stones are found.
Most garnets are red in color, but they display some variety.
Most garnets are red in color, leading to the erroneous belief that all garnets are red.
Some garnets also exhibit color change and stars.
Some garnets have central turbid areas.
Some garnets have no identifiable species and are called just a garnet.
Garnish cake slices with dollops of sweetened whipped cream and sweetened blueberries.
Garnish soup bowls with the coriander.
Garnish is decoration
Garnish is decoration.
Garnishes act as a flavor and an appearance enhancement.
Garnishes are another great way to add color.
Garnishes are endless.
Garnishes can be mint leaves and more melon balls.
Garnishes Garnish the risotto with blanched and chilled vegetables if desired.
Garnished plates await hungry guests.
A garnishment is court order
Garnishments are court order.
Garnishments are human activities.
Garnishments are typically the last resort, after months, maybe years, of litigation.
Garnishments can be fairly complex, since each state has different procedures.
Garnishments have to be done in the state the employer is located.
A garpike is a bony fish
Garpikes are predators found in North America.
A garret is a floor
Garrets here are too expensive.
Garrisoned troops are very strong.
A garter snake is a colubrid
Garter snakes begin mating as soon as they emerge from brumation.
Garter snakes have color patterns.
Garter snakes have distinct color patterns.
Garter snakes have distinct patterns.
Garter snakes have heads.
Garter snakes have patterns.
Garter snakes survive conditions.
Garter snakes survive environmental conditions.
Garter snakes survive extreme conditions.
Garter snakes survive extreme environmental conditions.
Garter snakes swallow prey.
Most garter snakes have color patterns.
Most garter snakes have distinct color patterns.
Most garter snakes have distinct patterns.
Most garter snakes have heads.
Most garter snakes have patterns.
Most garter snakes hibernate during the winter.
Most garter snakes survive conditions.
Most garter snakes survive environmental conditions.
Most garter snakes survive extreme conditions.
Most garter snakes survive extreme environmental conditions.
Some garter snakes carry parasites.
Some garter snakes develop resistance.
Some garter snakes eat amphibians.
Some garter snakes eat bronze frogs.
Some garter snakes eat bullfrog tadpoles.
Some garter snakes eat earthworms.
Some garter snakes eat frogs.
Some garter snakes eat insects.
Some garter snakes eat tadpoles.
Some garter snakes emerge from dens.
Some garter snakes feed on fish.
Some garter snakes have diets.
Some garter snakes have problems.
Some garter snakes have small dark spots instead of stripes.
Some garter snakes produce chemicals.
A garter is a band
Garter isa artifact.
Garter stitches on needle for ten rows.
Garters also detach.
Garters also provide a more kept look while holding the boot up over the knee.
Garters are accessories.
Garters are adjustable and comes with g-string.
Garters are bands.
Garters are excellent swimmers too, moving over the surface of the water with an undulating motion.
Garters are located in drawers.
Garters are optional.
Garters come in white or black.
Garters depending on their diet and time of year can mess a lot.
Garters eat insects, as well as frogs, worms and grubs.
Garters extend from the waist area for stockings.
Garters have (part) sections.
Garters live to eat worms, amphibians, fish and can even be taught to eat small mice.
Garters usually feed on small insects, lizards, and as they grow small birds.
Most garters are currently in stock or on order.
Some garters hold plates.
Garth fans are the best.
Garth fans are the greatest fans alive.
Garth fans are truly the greatest.
Garth tunes help as well.
Gartley setups slant upward, but butterfly setups slant downward.
Gas absorption is parameterized with overlapping gases.
Gas analysis is carried out continuously, and results are updated on the surface computer.
Gas anesthetics are part of an expensive racket.
Gas appliances are a real danger in an earthquake, and are the cause of most fires after a quake.
Gas appliances are almost always more efficient, cleaner and cheaper to run than electrical ones.
Gas appliances are energy-efficient.
Gas appliances are usually more energy-efficient and cheaper to run than electric ones.
Gas appliances require a suitable liner.
All gas appliances have a main burner flame and most also have a pilot flame.
Gas balloons are use for sport ballooning, scientific research, and many other purposes.
Gas balloons fly as a result of a lifting gas in their envelopes .
Gas balloons get their initial lift from the helium or hydrogen pumped into their envelopes.
Gas balloons have gas of low density in their envelopes.
Some gas balloons carry people.
Gas barbecues are quicker, easier to clean, more controllable and safer.
Gas bubbles are formed by breaking waves and the impact of hours apart.
Gas bubbles are visible in the core of the eddy.
Gas bubbles are visible in the core.
Gas bubbles can form in the blood if the change is too rapid, resulting in pain.
Gas bubbles can often cause discomfort, leading to crankiness and crying.
Gas bubbles evolving from the lead plate proves that anodizing is occurring.
Gas bubbles forming is chemical.
Gas bubbles indicate positive test.
Gas bubbles indicate that a chemical reaction has occurred.
Gas bubbles provide buoyancy.
More gas bubbles rise in there water when there is a lot of decaying vegetation.
A gas burner is a burner
Gas burners are burners.
Gas burners carry other risks.
Most gas burners consist of a metal tube with holes in it.
Some gas burners have a blast tube, similar to an oil burner, but most use atmospheric burners.
Gas cans are in each shed.
GAS canisters are payloads mounted inside the shuttle bay.
Gas caps are also part of the fuel evaporative system.
Gas cartridges are safe if the user takes a few precautions.
A gas chamber is an instrument
Gas chambers is another.
Gas chromatography is a chromatographic technique for separating volatile compounds.
Gas chromatography is a key technique used to separate and detect the trapped air components.
Gas chromatography is a sensitive technique used by chemists to measure small amounts of compounds.
Gas chromatography is a technique that separates volatile mixtures into their component compounds.
Gas chromatography is a technique used to separate substance in a gaseous state.
Gas chromatography is the analysis of chemicals and chemical products.
Gas chromatography is the instrumentation used for measurement.
Gas chromatography reveals that the major alkaline component in the fermented sweat is ammonia.
Gas clouds collide and form new stars.
Gas clouds form and move around in the protogalaxy on orbits.
Gas clouds have motion.
Gas clouds pile up, collide, fragment, and form new stars.
Most gas clouds have motion.
Gas composition is detected by matched thermal conductivity cells.
Gas composition is determined by the method of partial pressures.
Gas composition is monitored continuously using an on-line gas chromatograph.
Gas composition varies with sludge characteristics.
Some gas compositions have effects.
Some gas compositions have indirect effects.
Gas compression generates heat.
Gas consumption is a real factor in boats.
Gas consumption rises to approach coal.
Some gas containers give absolute pressure.
Some gas containers give pressure.
A gas cooker is a stove
Gas cookers are more responsive and efficient.
Gas cookers are useful to conserve firewood.
Gas cylinders are a convenient way to transport and store gases under pressure.
Gas cylinders are properly secured.
Gas cylinders are readily available and of moderate cost.
Gas cylinders cause problems.
Gas cylinders provide ease of opening.
Gas cylinders Remove gas connections, replace cylinder caps, and return cylinders to suppliers.
Gas densities are irrelevant.
Gas density is shown by log contours and temperature by color.
Gas density is the same at all temperatures.
Gas detection is an important part of any rescue or recovery operation.
Gas detectors use sensors to find out if there are dangerous levels of natural gas nearby.
All gas detectors require periodic calibration to compensate for sensor variations over time.
A gas engine is ICE
Gas engines are also quieter.
Gas engines are noisy.
Gas engines can be tempramental where as electrics are always ready to go with a good battery.
Gas engines have the advantage that they are cheap to buy and cheap to repair .
Gas engines tend to require more knowledge, thus are desired more by experienced hobbyists.
Gas exchange measurements indicate differences.
Gas exchange can only take place if the skin is moist.
Gas exchange happens in the alveoli.
Gas exchange is accomplished by stomata, which have a pore that opens and closes.
Gas exchange is accomplished by stomata.
Gas exchange is by diffusion.
Gas exchange is carried on through stomata, small pores in the plant's surface.
Gas exchange is carried out by simple diffusion.
Gas exchange is completed by small pores in the leaf surface called stomata.
Gas exchange is extremely important in maintaining homeostasis.
Gas exchange is facilitated by the presence of stomates.
Gas exchange is from tracheal tubes that go down into body through exoskeleton, book lungs, both.
Gas exchange is inside the animal with sinuses.
Gas exchange is part of breathing.
Gas exchange is performed via gills located under the carapace.
Gas exchange is the movement of oxygen into the blood and carbon dioxide out of the blood.
Gas exchange is the way the body gets oxygen in, and carbon dioxide out.
Gas exchange is through paired gills.
Gas exchange is via evaginations of the posterior gut.
Gas exchange is via gills, lungs, or the body surface.
Gas exchange is via the gills of the fetus being pressed up to the uterine wall.
Gas exchange occurs across the body wall.
Gas exchange occurs across the surface of the tracheoles to the tissues immediately next to it.
Gas exchange occurs at body surface.
Gas exchange occurs at the level of the air capillaries.
Gas exchange occurs at the tiny ends of the tracheae.
Gas exchange occurs by diffusion through moist surfaces.
Gas exchange occurs by diffusion through the skin.
Gas exchange occurs by diffusion, aided by the movement of water through the sponge cavity.
Gas exchange occurs by diffusion, thus the rate of gas exchange is dependent on surface area.
Gas exchange occurs by diffusion.
Gas exchange occurs directly through their cell wall.
Gas exchange occurs in lung through diffusion mechanism.
Gas exchange occurs in the air capillaries of the lung.
Gas exchange occurs in the air sacs where oxygen is exchanged with carbon dioxide .
Gas exchange occurs in the air sacs where oxygen is exchanged with carbon dioxide.
Gas exchange occurs in the alveoli deep in the lungs.
Gas exchange occurs in the alveoli of the lungs .
Gas exchange occurs in the alveoli of the lungs that provide a large surface area.
Gas exchange occurs in the alveoli, air sacs clustered at the tips of the tiniest bronchioles.
Gas exchange occurs in the alveoli, which are surrounded by a capillary network.
Gas exchange occurs in the alveolus, where venous blood exchanges carbon dioxide for oxygen .
Gas exchange occurs in the gills.
Gas exchange occurs in the lungs.
Gas exchange occurs through the gills or the lining of the mantle cavity.
Gas exchange occurs via book lungs or tracheal tubes or both.
Gas exchange occurs via diffusion through the body surface.
Gas exchange occurs within the gill tubes and on the outer tissue surface.
Gas exchange refers to the physical method that org.
Gas exchange takes place across moist membranes.
Gas exchange takes place at the cavity's roof.
Gas exchange takes place by dififusion from sea water to the coelomic fluid inside.
Gas exchange takes place in internal gills.
Gas exchanges occur in regions.
All gas exchange occurs through the integument.
Most gas exchanges occur in regions.
Some gas exchanges occur across body surfaces.
Some gas exchanges occur across entire body surfaces.
Some gas exchanges occur across entire surfaces.
Some gas exchanges occur across external body surfaces.
Some gas exchanges occur across external surfaces.
Some gas exchanges occur across surfaces.
Some gas exchanges occur across walls.
Some gas exchanges occur at capillaries.
Some gas exchanges occur at cellular levels.
Some gas exchanges occur at levels.
Some gas exchanges occur during respiration.
Some gas exchanges occur in alveoluses.
Some gas exchanges occur in gills.
Some gas exchanges occur in lungs.
Some gas exchanges take places.
Gas expansion can effect equipment designed to hold gas.
Gas expansion creates pressure that can cause glass containers to explode.
Gas flares line the horizon.
Gas flow is characterized by wave motion.
Gas flow is controlled by electronic mass flow controllers.
Gas flow is less impeded by grain surfaces than liquid flow.
Gas flows are complex in a two stroke in comparison to a four stroke.
A gas furnace is a furnace
Gas furnaces are a prime example.
Gas furnaces are dependable, durable and energy efficient.
Gas furnaces are furnaces.
Gas furnaces are less expensive to maintain and last about twice as long as electric heat pumps.
Most gas furnaces are similar in how they operate.
Gas gangrene can occur in a wound where certain bacteria are present.
Gas gangrene can occur in and worsen deep-tissue wounds.
Gas gangrene is a form of wet gangrene.
Gas gangrene is a slough
Gas gangrene is an infectious disease emergency.
Gas gangrene is associated with war wounds, auto accidents, and septic abortions.
Gas gangrene is bacterial infection.
Gas gangrene is progressive and often lethal.
Gas gangrene produces pain and swelling as the infected area bloats with gas.
A gas gauge is a gage
Gas gauge is now electrical instead of mechanical.
Some gas gauges are part of aeroplanes.
Some gas gauges are part of aircraft.
Some gas gauges are part of airplanes.
Some gas gauges are part of ambulances.
Some gas gauges are part of automobiles.
Some gas gauges are part of autos.
Some gas gauges are part of cars.
Some gas gauges are part of choppers.
Some gas gauges are part of dumpers.
Some gas gauges are part of gliders.
Some gas gauges are part of go-karts.
Some gas gauges are part of helicopters.
Some gas gauges are part of jets.
Some gas gauges are part of motorbikes.
Some gas gauges are part of pickups.
Some gas gauges are part of planes.
Some gas gauges are part of taxis.
Some gas gauges are part of trucks.
A gas giant is a planet
Gas giants are also very much larger than terrestrial planets.
Gas giants are astronomical objects.
Gas giants do form farther out.
Gas grill is in garage.
Gas grills are barbecue grills.
Gas grills are easier to clean.
Gas grills are extremely versatile.
Gas grills are fast, easy and economical.
Gas grills are less fickle during cold and windy days.
Gas grills are permissible.
Gas grills are responsive.
Gas grills are the most popular right now.
Gas grills have their own temperature controls, so simply set to the desired heat level.
Gas grills provide many advantages.
Gas grills use several materials to produce the same effect.
Gas grills work a little faster than charcoal grills.
Most gas grills come with an igniter , either a knob or a push button.
Most gas grills have a propane tank , sometimes with a fuel gauge .
A gas gun is a gun
Gas guns are self loading rifles.
Some gas guns are much more reliable now.
Gas heat is heating systems.
A gas heater is a heater
Gas heater provides backup heat.
Gas heaters are also available, and are extremely clean to run.
Gas heaters are also available.
Gas heaters are cheaper to run and produce lower greenhouse gas emissions than electric heaters.
Gas heaters are heaters.
Gas heaters benefit from the location of their heat source below the water tank.
Gas heaters give off a lot of heat.
Gas heaters have less turndown capability.
Gas heaters have pilot light.
Gas heaters require a larger initial investment, but in some special cases they are the best fit.
Some gas heaters have the thermostat protected behind a panel that can be rotated open.
Gas heating is independent.
Gas heating provides an efficient barrier against winter chill.
Gas heating supplies the warmth in winter, fans cool the cottage efficiently in summer.
Gas hydrates are clathrate compounds.
Gas hydrates are hydrocarbon molecules, such as methane, trapped in ice.
Gas hydrates are ice-like materials that form out of water molecules.
Gas hydrates are methane gas molecules trapped in lattices of ice.
Gas hydrates bind immense amounts of methane in sea-floor sediments.
Gas hydrates contain a matrix of frozen water surrounding molecules of natural gas.
Gas hydrates decompose rapidly in conditions comfortable for humans, say the scientists.
Gas hydrates exist in many Arctic regions, including the North Slope of Alaska.
Gas hydrates form and become stable when water reaches a certain temperature and pressure.
Gas hydrates form when methane and water are together under pressure.
Gas hydrates look exactly like ice.
Gas hydrates occur abundantly in nature, both in Arctic regions and in marine sediments.
Gas hydrates occur naturally in many parts of the world.
A gas lamp is a lamp
Gas lamps are available for emergencies.
Gas lamps are lamps.
Gas lamps glow along our street at night as gentle ocean breezes ease the warmth of the day.
Gas lamps illuminate the downtown streets.
Gas lamps produce light by means of one or more small gas flames.
Some gas lasers make use of molecular dissociation to create the inverted population.
Gas leak explosions result in burns.
Gas leaks are especially dangerous.
Gas leaks are one of the most dangerous aftermaths of earthquakes.
Gas leaks can be a danger to people or property.
Gas leaks can cause explosions.
Gas leaks can produce catastrophic explosions particularly in urban and residential areas.
Gas leaks create bubbles.
All gas leaks pose a serious risk.
Gas lift is the primary method of artificial lift.
Gas lights are present in the kitchen and sitting room.
Gas lights are wall mounted.
Gas lights come in a variety of fixture styles to complement the outdoor look of any home.
Gas lights throw a soft glow over the area at night.
Gas lighters are only for the very bold.
Gas lighting is recalled in fine fixtures and accessories, creating new avenues of home decor.
Gas men are the only members on many teams wearing shielded helmets.
Gas mantle is defective.
Gas mask is in unused condition.
Gas masks are available for students who wish to avoid inhalation of vapors.
Gas masks are only available with a full facepiece.
Gas masks are standard fixtures, along with sealing tape and radios tuned to bomb alert frequencies.
Gas masks are usually full-facepiece respirators with one filtering canister.
Gas masks have to be used and only well-trained technicians are employed.
Gas masks protect against inhalation.
Gas masks provide protection against pesticides, and often toxic erbium materials.
Gas masks provide the best facial protection, if properly fitted and sealed.
Gas masks sell briskly in city hit by Iraq during Gulf War.
More gas masks begin appearing, along with vinegar and lemon for soaking scarves.
A gas meter is a meter
Gas meters measure the amount of gas used in cubic feet.
A gas mileage is a ratio
Gas mileage can easily reach triple digits.
Gas mileage drops about one percent for every pound of tire pressure below the recommended level.
Gas mileage improves a lot when driving the speed limit.
Gas mileage is another issue.
Gas mileage is appalling, but the remaining costs are minimal.
Gas mileage is better, too.
Gas mileage is good.
Gas mileage is happy news.
Gas mileage is nothing special either.
Gas mileage is okay, but nothing to boast about.
Gas mileage is pretty good for a ute.
Gas mileage is still respectable.
Gas mileage is surprisingly good for a performance sedan.
Gas mileage works the same way.
Gas money costs five bucks.
Gas money makes a great gift.
Gas numbers represent sum of transmission and gathering and distribution operators.
A gas oven is a furnace
Gas ovens are also available as a standard selection.
Gas ovens are crematories.
Gas ovens are ovens.
Gas ovens come in radiant heat or convection models.
Gas ovens feature a broiling unit conveniently located at the roof of the oven.
Gas ovens use electricity.
All gas ovens are direct fired units.
Most gas ovens use electricity.
Gas pains follow no particular pattern.
Gas particles have energy.
Gas particles have enough energy.
Gas particles have high energy.
Gas particles have high kinetic energy.
Gas particles have kinetic energy.
A gas pedal is a lever
Gas pedal can stick on wide open throttle.
Gas pipelines are now almost impossible to build.
Gas pipelines are pipelines.
Gas pipelines surround and go through the area.
Any gas pipeline requires both state and federal rights of way, along with many other permits.
A gas plant is a herb
Gas plant prefers a sunny location with moderately fertile soil.
Some gas plasma has low resistance.
Some gas plasma has resistance.
Gas pressure builds inside the film canister due to the mixing of alka seltzer and water.
Gas pressure can also affect reactions.
Gas pressure depends on the behavior of gas atoms.
Gas pressure increases at a rapid rate as the temperature increases.
Gas pressure is also available for the air cushions inside the fingers to hold the target softly.
Gas pressure is due to impacts of molecules over a certain area.
Gas pressure is much the same as any gas on Earth resisting attempts to compress it.
Gas pressure is pressure
Gas pressure is pressure.
Gas pressure is proportional to the product of density and temperature.
Gas pressure is the force per unit area exerted by the gas.
Gas pressure is too low, because gas line is undersized or constricted.
Gas pressure relates to the force from the particle collisions.
Gas pressure slows the collapse to a contraction phase which signals the birth of a protostar.
Gas prices affect tourist markets, but the backbone of the business is the business traveler.
Gas prices are a related problem.
Gas prices are already on their way up, even before the summer holidays come.
Gas prices are also on the incline, making the paycheck stretch a little further.
Gas prices are also under review.
Gas prices are among the highest in Europe.
Gas prices are an issue.
Gas prices are astronomical.
Gas prices are at a high.
Gas prices are at record levels, yet spending remains strong.
Gas prices are at record levels.
Gas prices are down, as are home heating oil prices.
Gas prices are even worse.
Gas prices are high and people are angry at the oil conglomerates.
Gas prices are high, and auto traffic keeps worsening.
Gas prices are higher now than at any other time since the Persian Gulf War.
Gas prices are higher.
Gas prices are like the weather.
Gas prices are now above two-dollars a gallon is some areas.
Gas prices are on the low side for New York State, and other products run at about average levels.
Gas prices are on the rise again.
Gas prices are on the rise once again.
Gas prices are on the rise, again.
Gas prices are on the rise.
Gas prices are on the way back up.
Gas prices are one of the major expenses when traveling cross-country by car.
Gas prices are out of control and steady rising.
Gas prices are out of control.
Gas prices are roughly the same north and south.
Gas prices are something people feel very immediately and personally.
Gas prices are still at their highest point in decades.
Gas prices are still far cheaper than in Europe, but they've been rising fast.
Gas prices are still near record highs, but they have eased a little in the last month.
Gas prices are subject to the law of supply and demand.
Gas prices are the lowest they've been in decades.
Gas prices are too high already.
Gas prices are too high.
Gas prices are unlikely to abate very much as long as electricity prices remain high.
Gas prices are up again.
Gas prices are up around the country.
Gas prices are usually higher than in the United States.
Gas prices can vary even with stations across the street from each other.
Gas prices continue to be a pain in the end.
Gas prices continue to climb.
Gas prices continue to drop, but relief is still being measured in pennies.
Gas prices continue to lead the news around Milwaukee.
Gas prices continue to rise - it's time to give consumers a break at the gas pump.
Gas prices do affect how many people come here.
Gas prices fall.
Gas Prices Find the best bets for filling up the car.
Gas prices guide, maintained by volunteers.
Gas prices have a major impact on our lives, affecting the economy and our daily activities.
Gas Prices Increase Again.
Gas prices keep sinking.
Gas prices remain in the stratosphere.
Gas prices remain stable and even drop.
Gas Prices Rise.
Gas prices shock the Midwest.
Gas prices stay high.
Gas prices vary a lot.
Gas prices vary with every convenience store as well as every town.
Gas producers have chips fail in pipelines hundreds of times a year.
Gas production begins as the waste is broken down by microbes.
Gas production can cause high pressure and micro-cracking or intergranular decohesion.
Gas production is an unavoidable byproduct of biological oxidation-reduction reactions.
Gas production is constant, and higher than in batch plants.
Gas production is limited by the available resources.
Gas production suspends plunger in upper lubricator allowing maximum flow through lower outlet.
A gas pump is a pump
Gas pumps are empty.
A gas range is a stove
Gas range stays.
Gas ranges are hard to beat for efficiency.
Gas ranges are stoves.
Gas ranges begin to phase out coal, wood, and petroleum stoves.
Gas ranges come in a variety of colors.
Gas ranges require an electric line.
Gas reserves are also very high.
Gas sensors deliver real-time chemical state information during dynamic process cycles.
Gas spring makes raising and lowering the stool height simple.
Some gas springs offer locking options.
A gas station is a service station
Gas station comes up on the right.
Gas station has six pumps, new tanks and gas lines.
Gas stations are also grossly over-employed.
Gas stations are always a safe place to stop and take a nap if needed.
Gas stations are another highly visible nighttime energy user, but looks can be deceiving.
Gas stations are convenience stores.
Gas stations are difficult to find in Manhattan.
Gas stations are fairly far apart, and in rural areas, they tend to close early in the day.
Gas stations are few and far between.
Gas stations are hard to find in the backcountry.
Gas stations are jammed as people try to fuel up for their trip out.
Gas stations are located in street corners.
Gas stations are open from early morning until late at night seven days a week.
Gas stations are plentiful and conveniently situated along the main and country roads.
Gas stations are quite common now, and offer most types of fuel.
Gas stations are stores.
Gas stations are the same.
Gas stations are the worse.
Gas stations are usually self-service.
Gas stations brag about such prices on signs four feet high.
Gas stations get real thin from here on out.
Gas stations have long lines and many people are headed north.
Gas stations offer self-serve gas.
Gas stations persist in displaying the price per gallon, down to the tenth of a cent .
Gas stations populate the intersections of towns big and small.
Gas stations remain.
Gas stations say drivers are blaming the wrong people.
Gas stations sell gas, which constitutes a similar service.
Gas stations sell low-priced soccer balls with a tank of gas.
Gas stations stand with vacant windows.
All gas stations are full service and full service only.
All gas stations are full service only.
Many gas stations have a convenience store close to the pumps , to make extra earnings .
Many gas stations have a convenience store close to the pumps, to make extra earnings.
Many gas stations have computerized pumps.
Many gas stations serve as recycling locations for waste oil and gasoline products.
Most gas stations have both self service and full service pumps.
Some gas stations collect used motor oil.
Some gas stations demand payment before drawing fuel.
Some gas stations provide services.
Gas storage consists of two basic elements.
A gas stove is a stove
Gas stoves are a source of combustion by-products.
Gas stoves are always acceptable.
Gas stoves are another attempt to provide the woodstove experience with greater convenience.
Gas stoves are better than campfires.
Gas stoves are capable of heat water.
Gas stoves are the perfect decorative centerpiece for a family room or den.
Gas stoves can warm a room by pushing a button.
Gas stoves give off a gas called nitrogen dioxide that irritates breathing passages and eyes.
Gas stoves have jets.
Gas stoves have pilot light.
Gas stoves offer cozy warmth and the appeal of a wood fire with the convenience of gas.
Gas stoves remain okay for use in the backcountry and outside of developed sites.
Gas stoves tend to work better in high alititude and freezing conditions than propane.
Most gas stoves have a broiler.
A gas tank is a tank
Gas tank is removed.
Gas tank says norton villiers norton on it.
Gas tanks are available for purchase or for rental.
Gas tanks are fuel tanks.
Gas tanks are part of cars.
Gas tanks are part of fuel systems.
Gas tanks are tanks.
Gas tanks have capacity.
Most gas tanks have capacity.
Some gas tanks are part of aeroplanes.
Some gas tanks are part of aircraft.
Some gas tanks are part of airplanes.
Some gas tanks are part of ambulances.
Some gas tanks are part of automobiles.
Some gas tanks are part of autos.
Some gas tanks are part of cars.
Some gas tanks are part of choppers.
Some gas tanks are part of dumpers.
Some gas tanks are part of gliders.
Some gas tanks are part of go-karts.
Some gas tanks are part of helicopters.
Some gas tanks are part of jets.
Some gas tanks are part of motorbikes.
Some gas tanks are part of pickups.
Some gas tanks are part of planes.
Some gas tanks are part of taxis.
Some gas tanks are part of trucks.
Gas tax goes up, and the roads get worse.
Gas theft endangers others.
Gas thermometers work best at very low temperatures.
Gas transport is considered as a two-dimensional flow.
Gas tubes are very slow, but can handle very large surges.
A gas turbine is a turbine
Gas turbines are delicate and expensive machines.
Gas turbines are on a separate list.
Gas turbines are one type of internal combustion engine.
Gas turbines are quick to pass regulatory hurdles and to bring online.
Gas turbines are therefore open cycles, and piston engines are closed cycles.
Gas turbines are turbines.
Gas turbines have exhausts wherein the heat goes unutilized.
Gas turbines incur relatively low capital and operating costs.
Gas turbines offer the advantage of reducing reliance on long-distance transmission.
Gas turbines produce a lot of moisture.
Gas turbines work around the clock.
Gas utilities use consumption.
Gas utilities use gas consumption.
Gas vents allow VOCs to escape the distiller before they enter the cooling section coils.
Gas vents are small holes drilled into the passage leading to the cooling coils.
Gas Volume is proportional to the molecular weight.
Gas welding can result in explosions.
Gas welding uses an oxy-acetylene flame to heat the metal and a rod of metallic filler material.
A gas well is a well
Some gas wells produce very little crude and are more apt to produce drip gasoline.
A gas is state of matter
Gas accumulates rapidly in the dog's stomach causing it to swell and sometimes twist.
Gas activated carbon is cheap, and is easily spread into a tank.
Gas also assumes the shape of the container it is put into.
Gas also is a cleaner fuel, resulting in lower emissions.
Gas also is the logical fuel of cogeneration applications.
Gas also provides a nice even heat - there are no hot spots.
Gas also responds to acoustic energy with the greatest change in temperature.
Gas also results from food allergies.
GAs also seem quite promising for various molecular biology applications, such as molecular design.
Gas appliances heat and cool quickly.
GAs are a novel computing area used, for example, in optimisation.
GAs are a technique made available by the computer and being investigated intensively.
GAs are a weak method, meaning that they make few assumptions about the problem domain.
GAs are also important because they're tied to the way plants respond to their environment.
GAs are also sometimes assigned research functions.
GAS are available on a competitive basis to graduate students with outstanding academic records.
GAs are available to schedule equipment, check out materials, and provide assistance with machinery.
GAS are clearly very crafty.
GAs are easy to implement and often robust in solving problems with large search spaces.
GAs are essentially search algorithms, searching for a solution is a very large problem space.
GAs are excellent for solving problems with large numbers of dimensions and constraints.
GAs are particularly adept at searching multi-dimensional search spaces.
GAs are probabilistic searching and optimizing methods.
GAs are search algorithms based on principles from evolutionary biology.
GAs are search algorithms based on the mechanics underlying natural selection.
GAs are the primary mechanism for providing research support.
GAs assist in professional work in the various public and technical service areas of the library.
GAs assist students with hardware and software problems.
Gas attempts to secure costumes for the men.
Gas attend beneath none tip either watch c q radio amateurs jrnl magazines.
Gas based fire suppression systems protect each server in case of a fire.
Gas be amid one faith thus chose xavier hollander.
Gas becomes as rare as gold.
GAs begin by randomly generating, or seeding, an initial population of candidate solutions.
Gas bubbles in cooling fluid caused flow rate fluctuations.
Gas bubbles in glass melts under microgravity.
Gas bubbles in the durham tube indicate gas was also produced from fermentation.
Gas bubbles in the hip joint.
Gas bubbles in the metal cause an area of weakness, and are a sign of poor manufacturing.
Gas builds over time, often rising to the surface and escaping into the air.
Gas burning fireplace, romantically placed is trimmed in hand hewn logs, mountain style.
Gas burning fireplaces eliminate the smoke and hassle of wood burning.
Gas burns a blue flame when it burns efficiently.
Gas burns around faux logs in the stone fireplace, which is flanked by potted plants.
Gas burns at a lower temperature than oil and gas boilers come in a variety of designs.
Gas burns at a lower temperature than oil, and gas boilers come in a variety of designs.
Gas burns cleaner and is less expensive per use than charcoal.
Gas burns cleaner than oil.
Gas can accumulate from the fermentation of food materials and from air-swallowing.
Gas can also build up behind constipation and can be released in large amounts.
Gas can also cause serious explosions.
Gas can also change into a plasma.
Gas can also leak from the portal incisions leading to joint deflation.
Gas can assume the air temperature and can cause frostbite if spilled hands during subzero days.
Gas can be a problem.
Gas can be a sign of something else.
Gas can be dangerous.
GAS can be present in the throat or on the skin and cause no symptoms of disease.
Gas can build up in the disc and cause periodic outbursts only if the disc is normally fairly cool.
Gas can collect anywhere in the lower intestine.
Gas can crate pressure itself when there is a lot of it .
Gas can crate pressure itself when there is a lot of it.
Gas can escape if there is a faulty valve or thermal couple.
Gas can even be fine for more than a year.
Gas can even migrate and accumulate in nearby buildings, increasing the risk of explosion.
GAs can evolve a variety of computer-based objects and solutions.
Gas can form when all of the above happen.
GAs can help develop treatment programs, optimize drug formulas, improve diagnostics, and much more.
Gas can holder for portable pumps.
Gas can leak and result in an explosion or fire.
Gas can leak and result in explosion or fire.
Gas can reduce viscosity.
Gas can seem a significant cause of discomfort to the infant.
Gas changes to a liquid.
Gas cleans good, but it is extremely flammable, making it too dangerous to handle.
Gas collecting in the stomach causes much distress to one who has endocarditis or valvular disease.
Gas comes in diesel, unleaded, leaded and can be self-serve.
GAs concurrently develop a population of potential solutions to the given problem.
Gas constantly flows through the measurement region to further minimize the effects of the surfaces.
Gas contains molecules that are in motion.
Gas continues to build up on the surface until it sparks an eruption, blowing material into space.
Gas controls with piezo ignition, flame failure gas shut value.
Gas controls with piezo ignition, flame-on indicator gauge and flame failure gas shut off value.
Gas controls with piezo ignition, flame-on indicator gauge and flame failure gas shut off valve.
Gas controls with piezo ignition, flame-on indicator gauge and flame falure gas shut off value.
Gas cook top with electric convection ovens.
Gas cooled near the surface becomes denser and sinks.
Gas cooling customers are also attractive to electric companies because their load profile is flat.
Gas cooling owners are attractive to gas companies because they use gas in the summer.
Gas costs a certain of cents per gallon.
Gas depletes differently from oil.
Gas does grow on trees - Gives copter full tank of gas.
Gas drink upon most activities either begin hiking boot wide.
Gas drink upon most activities either begin sleeveless denim shirt.
Gas drink upon most activities either begin snowmobile arctic cat.
Gas drink upon most activities either begin tubbs.
Gas drying takes place by adsorption.
Gas easily evaporates from the tank if it has an escape.
GAs enable the global optimization in a given parameter space given a broad population diversity.
Gas entering spiral wave is compressed.
Gas entering the firing pin hole meets a flange or collar on the firing pin.
Gas enters a circular chamber through a series of openings around the rim.
Gas enters an outer opening as one of the spiral's orbits.
Gas escaping from oil facilities chokes the air.
Gas escaping into buildings or heavily populated areas is a bigger concern.
Gas exhausted from the ports are extremely hot gas.
Gas expanding in a cylinder, against a constant resisting pressure, is work.
Gas expands as it rises to the surface, reducing the column weight and density of the fluid.
Gas expands to fill the entire container in which it is held.
Gas expands when heated, and contracts when cooled.
Gas falling into a spiral disk is slowed by collisions and star formation continues till today.
Gas falling into the star is heated so much that it radiates in the x-ray range of the spectrum.
Gas falling onto neutron stars becomes hot and thus visible to outside observers.
Gas falling toward the nuclei of colliding galaxies can trigger vast bursts of new star formation.
Gas falls towards the hole but some misses and forms an accretion disk.
Gas flow back and forth thru the torturous space dissipates pressure.
Gas flow through a small orifice produces mercury column motion past the photo-diode assemblies.
Gas flow through each inlet is controlled by stainless steel needle valves.
Gas flowing into the third stage is cooled by a counter flow heat exchanger.
Gas flows into a cylindrical chimney where a high voltage arc ionizes the gas.
Gas flows into a full up room.
Gas flows through a rectangular duct containing rows of metallic strips.
Gas flows through nozzle to the output of the valve.
Gas flows through the nozzle and exits out the orifice.
Gas flows through the tube, and a high-frequency current is transmitted through the coil.
Gas flows up the tubing-casing annulus.
Gas forming bacteria generally feed on certain carbohydrates and sugars.
Gas forms much slower at lower temperature.
Gas fuels large rise in Gulf lease bids .
GAs get a small stipend and a tuition discount.
Gas gets cheaper and cheaper, while cars become slower and less efficient.
Gas gets mixed together by repeated supernova shocks.
Gas given off by the dry ice needs a place to escape .
Gas given off by the dry ice needs a place to escape.
Gas gives cars energy to move and electricity makes a light bulb glow.
Gas gives magmas their explosive character, because the gas expands as pressure is reduced.
Gas goes 'stale' after a month or two and can plug up the engine.
Gas goin' up every day.
Gas grilling provides many advantages over traditional charcoal grills and smokers.
Gas grills on deck.
Gas handling operating procedures have to be developed.
Gas has a high form value for heating large workpieces and for short product-runs.
Gas has no ash content and very low sulphur content against coal.
Gas has no fixed shape and no fixed volume.
Gas has slower density as compared to liquid or solid.
Gas has to be compressed and purified from carbon dioxide.
Gas has to be compressed.
Gas has to be released either from the mouth or the rectum.
Gas has to continue feeding into the black hole, or the quasar shuts off.
GAs have several advantages when compared to other optimization algorithms.
Gas heats best.
Gas heats our water and warms our homes and factories.
Gas heats up so quickly with no mess, it's hard to argue with that.
GAS hopes never to have to purchase another greyhound.
Gas hydrate deposits occur under the ocean floor worldwide, particularly in cooler latitudes.
Gas hydrate dissociation is a common cause of such profiles in continental margin settings.
Gas hydrate for geophysicists .
Gas hydrate in the lab briefly resembles snow before it decomposes into water and free gas.
Gas hydrate is a crystalline solid formed of water and gas.
Gas hydrate is a natural, icelike material formed of methane and water in deep sea sediments.
Gas hydrate is an ice-like form of natural gas that is currently attracting great interest.
Gas hydrate is an ice-like substance that form under pressure when gas is trapped in water crystals.
Gas hydrate is the product of pressurized gas trapped in low temperature water crystals.
Gas hydrate that breaches the sea floor on the continental slope of the Gulf of Mexico.
Gas hydrate zones are also widespread in the Canadian Arctic under the permafrost.
Gas includes natural gas and other petroleum gases.
Gas ionizes under the influence of the corona discharge.
GAS is a common cause of pharyngeal, skin, and other soft tissue infections.
Gas is a freely traded commodity with transparent pricing.
GAS is a group of people who are serious about collecting autographs by mail.
Gas is a major expense in Europe, costing three times what it does in the Unites States.
Gas is a major target with today s projected prices.
GAS is a menu driven program with viewing windows and mouse controls.
Gas is a much less polluting fule than coal and oil.
Gas is a particularly good example for Australia regarding the dangers of price-fixing regulations.
Gas is a product much more certain than oil.
Gas is a product of combustion that remains a gas even when cooled to normal building temperatures.
Gas is a ready-made fuel.
Gas is a result of the breakdown of compounds by bacteria in the gut.
GAS is a scavenger.
Gas is a sign of vitality.
Gas is a small portion of cost overall.
Gas is a state of matter that has no fixed shape and no fixed volume.
Gas is a state of matter with no definite shape or volume.
Gas is a very clean form of energy.
Gas is a very common explanation.
Gas is able to escape through the pores in the wall material.
Gas is about the only politically safe power source left.
Gas is added, and the tube is sealed.
Gas is additional.
Gas is all ready to expensive, why make it more.
Gas is also a big complain in the world of stomach ailments.
Gas is also a clean burning fuel.
Gas is also a part of the pyroclastic flow.
Gas is also a very important type of energy.
Gas is also about five bucks a liter.
Gas is also much more environmentally friendly than other fuels.
Gas is always fun to play with.
Gas is an efficient source of home heating.
Gas is an industry with great promise and potential in our country and the southern African region.
Gas is another common cause, resulting in pain from the intestine being stretched.
Gas is another important part of the region's energy development.
Gas is applied with the X button and brakes with the square.
Gas is available as is purified water and ice.
Gas is available from the marina office.
Gas is available in Maricopa and Santa Margarita.
Gas is available to large industrial users on a firm basis.
Gas is available under purchase and transport contracts.
Gas is available.
Gas is best for heating pools or spas quickly for short periods.
Gas is best, but more expensive than injectible anesthesia.
Gas is better than coal and electricity.
Gas is blown over the tips to form droplets that are deposited on a pattern.
Gas is both cheaper and much faster at heating a tankful of water.
Gas is bottled and electricity is metered.
Gas is bought and sold on a large and established free market.
Gas is by far the most coveted resource.
Gas is caused by the body's inability to digest the complex carbohydrates found in beans.
Gas is cheap and there are lots of stations.
Gas is cheap in Iowa.
Gas is cheap, the soap looks real, and fire destroys the traces.
Gas is cheap.
Gas is cheaper in Venezuela, and they're almost giving it away in Ecuador.
Gas is cheaper than electricity.
Gas is cheaper to use ,and makes more hot water faster.
Gas is clean burning and in many respects more valuable than oil.
Gas is cleaner and more efficient than electricity in providing heat.
Gas is composed mainly of unsmellable stuff like hydrogen, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
Gas is compressed for reinjection.
Gas is compressed in a cylinder.
Gas is compressed in the compressor.
Gas is convenient because it ignites quickly and cleans up fast.
Gas is currently the fuel of choice for new electric capacity.
Gas is customers responsibility.
Gas is distributed on-demand to a burner, where it's ignited by a pilot light.
Gas is dominant in the space and water heating, cooking and drying segments.
Gas is effective, but expensive.
Gas is ejected and gains momentum in a given direction.
Gas is eliminated by burping or passing it through the rectum.
Gas is everywhere.
Gas is exchanged through simple diffusion.
Gas is expensive out there.
Gas is expensive too.
Gas is expensive.
Gas is extra.
Gas is fed through the torch to shield the electrode and molten weld pool.
Gas is fed to the weld zone through a nozzle, which consists of a ceramic cup.
Gas is fine to cook with provided it is being burned up.
Gas is for combustion in motors.
Gas is forced through catalyst by pressure.
Gas is formed in the large intestine as a result of the action of bacteria on undigested food.
Gas is found in the southern North Sea, Germany and Poland.
GAS is freeware.
Gas is fresh.
Gas is gas .
Gas is gas, and they have to have it.
Gas is gas.
Gas is generated in the gut by bacterial action on fibre.
Gas is given off.
Gas is good.
Gas is great.
Gas is greenish yellow with a sharp penetrating odor.
Gas is healthy and a needed bodily function but on a good food the gas has much less of a smell.
Gas is hemispheric.
Gas is in the building at all times in the lower levels.
Gas is included in the letting price.
Gas is included in the rental fee.
Gas is included with all personal watercraft rentals, and of course, life jackets.
Gas is injected at the center of the region, and wells are located at each corner.
Gas is injected between the panels, and becomes charged when voltage is applied to the electrodes.
Gas is injected into a gas stream.
Gas is injected to water that is already moving through a jet due to the motion of the craft.
Gas is introduced into the abdomen to separate the organs and to allow the laparoscope to pass.
Gas is invisible.
Gas is just as easy to explain.
Gas is just the tip of the iceberg.
Gas is just too expensive and it's a lot of miles.
Gas is less polluting than coal and oil.
Gas is lighter than air and can dissipate, propane is heavier than air and can pool.
Gas is lighter than air and is easily liquefied under pressure.
Gas is lighter than liquid, and it is easy to use.
Gas is limited to small quantities to limit the possibility of exposure.
Gas is lit with an electronic hot surface igniter on call for heat.
Gas is located in the vicinity.
Gas is located underground in porous sandstone reservoirs.
Gas is made of a very large number of very tiny particles.
Gas is made of molecules, but solids are made of atoms.
Gas is made up of atoms that are separate.
Gas is measured by something known as therms .
Gas is more efficient and it responds quickly to quick temperature adjustments.
Gas is more prone to change shape and volume.
Gas is more soluble with increasing pressure.
Gas is moved along the pipeline by large compressors located at intervals along the system.
Gas is much more economical than electric.
Gas is much more expensive to move.
Gas is much quieter.
Gas is much the safer, anyway.
Gas is necessary to move the magma, and magma is the vehicle carrying the gas.
Gas is no more dangerous than any other source of energy.
Gas is noted within the inferior portion of the right orbit.
Gas is of good quality.
Gas is on peoples minds.
Gas is on the right, brake is on the left.
Gas is one of the most effective weapons in war as proved in the World War.
Gas is one of the three states of matter .
Gas is our data language.
Gas is payable on consumption during heating season together with firewood.
Gas is payable on consumption during heating season.
Gas is perfectly safe as long as the gas equipment is installed and maintained properly.
Gas is piped directly to the new heating unit.
Gas is piped in from western states.
Gas is plentiful and of good quality.
Gas is plentiful, no lines.
Gas is present in the infected tissue and the involved muscle becomes gangrenous.
Gas is prevented from escaping by the viscous magma, and pressure builds.
Gas is probably Alaska s greatest export potential.
Gas is probably comparable.
Gas is processed in three Mobile County plants, then placed in the nation's pipeline system.
Gas is produced in landfills as waste decays.
Gas is produced in our bodies everyday.
Gas is produced in the bag.
Gas is produced in the lumen by several mechanisms.
Gas is produced in the western portion of the state from shallow Pennsylvanian sandstones.
Gas is pulled by gravity towards the white dwarf, forming an accretion disc around it.
Gas is pulled into the chamber and moved to the exhaust as the parts rotate.
Gas is pumped from supply wells into a network of pipelines that transport the gas to the customers.
Gas is pumped from wells into gathering lines.
Gas is pumped in through one of the tubes to create enough space to work in.
Gas is purchased from the Texas-Oklahoma pipeline, south of Lafayette, and stored in storage wells.
Gas is rationed.
Gas is readily available all over the lake.
Gas is readily available in most urban areas, and to a lesser extent in the more rural areas.
Gas is readily available on the road and quite inexpensive.
Gas is ready to go in a matter of minutes.
Gas is really, really expensive there.
Gas is referred to as petrol.
Gas is released by drilling holes into rocks.
Gas is released from each reactor to a common vent.
Gas is released from the intestinal tract via the mouth by belching, or via the rectum as flatus.
GAS is required for -g and exception handling support.
Gas is said to be the preferred heat source of serious cooks, because it offers better control.
Gas is secreted into the swim bladder from blood by action of the gas glands.
Gas is sold at the lowest price in the area.
Gas is sold at the resort and a heated garage is available in case of sled breakdown.
Gas is sold by the liter, and a small tip is appreciated by the attendant.
Gas is sold by the liter, of course.
Gas is sold by the litre.
Gas is sold by volume.
Gas is sold cheap here to get people to stop.
Gas is something people buy frequently.
GAS is spread by direct contact with secretions from the nose and throat of infected persons.
Gas is still cheap and our daily costs are minimal in terms of both time and money.
Gas is still cheaper than almost any other liquid besides tap water.
Gas is still relatively cheap.
Gas is supplied by the local Municipality or by an authorized company.
Gas is supplied for both industrial and domestic use.
Gas is supplied in portable units - most of the equipment is ordered from the States.
Gas is supplied to both northern and southern areas and is separately metered for each area.
Gas is supposed to be a very cheap source of energy for the masses.
Gas is swallowed air, period.
Gas is taxed but a high tax forces people to think of other means of transportation other than cars.
Gas is the cheapest, then comes heating oil.
Gas is the exhaust fume of digestion, the necessary result of the bowel's work.
Gas is the first choice, both economically and environmentally.
Gas is the fuel of the future.
Gas is the most common fuel.
Gas is the same as oil, as copper and salmon.
Gas is the source of energy for heating water and for the stove.
Gas is the source of power behind gas blowback weapons.
Gas is the story of two teenage boys who get lost in the desert.
Gas is the way to go for larger sizes.
Gas is therefore necessary also for the persistence of a ring structure.
Gas is thermally stable for .
Gas is thick.
Gas is thrown out, the arms fall off and what's left is an elliptical galaxy.
Gas is thus a natural part of digestion.
Gas is toxic and severe irritant by contact or inhalation.
Gas is toxic to most young, green plant tissues.
Gas is trapped in the durham tube, replacing the medium in the tube.
Gas is trapped in the ground.
Gas is treated and compressed as necessary and is loaded into trailers.
Gas is used for central heating, space heating, water heating and cooking.
Gas is used for heating, refrigeration and lighting.
Gas is used in a boiler or flared.
Gas is used in homes for space and water heating and for cooking.
Gas is used in offshore production to enhance oil recovery.
Gas is used to drive gas engines which extract twice as much energy from coal as steam engines can.
Gas is used to pump the wells.
Gas is used.
Gas is useful for flattening a detached retina and keeping it attached while healing occurs.
Gas is usually just the result of certain habits or diet choices.
Gas is usually less expensive than oil or electricity.
Gas is usually oxygen.
Gas is usually present in stomach.
Gas is vented in many of the fields.
Gas is very expensive and farmers find they can better maintain a horse than a truck.
Gas is widely available in North America and is the least polluting of the fossil fuels.
Gas isa phenomenon.
GAs judiciously use the idea of randomness when performing a search.
Gas lanterns light homes, barns and shops.
Gas leak ahead of valve.
Gas leaking through the front seal of the ram-bolt or the valve stem is dirty or malfunctioning.
Gas leaves the bladder through an oval body in the back of the swim bladder.
Gas lighting harkens back to a more romantic age.
Gas logs flicker and burn just like wood, but light instantly and burn cleanly.
Gas logs in fireplace in family room.
Gas logs in fireplace.
Gas looks less harmful than truncheons.
GAs maintain string structures that are analogous to chromosomes.
GAs maintain the rind in better condition.
Gas makes things lighter.
Gas mask with a canister of fresh Vancouver air.
Gas mask with organic vapor canister with a full face piece.
Gas meets their expectations.
Gas mesh with organic vapor canister with a full face piece.
Gas migrates out of viscous fluids very slowly.
GAs mimic the mechanisms of evolution.
GAs move from population to population.
Gas occupies some volume in three dimensional space.
Gas occupies space.
GAs occupy efficiency apartments.
Gas operated hot showers are available in the amenities block near the barbeque area.
Gas operated rifles are usually either piston powered or direct impingement.
Gas passes through the sieve tower and then the two water scrubbers.
Gas passing through the mantle is ignited to produce a very hot, bright white flame.
Gas piping beyond the meter is the property of the customer.
Gas piping is included in rough plumbing inspections.
Gas piping is installed on the roof and is very corroded.
Gas piping is located on the roof and is in good condition.
Gas piping, regardless of the length or number of outlets, requires an additional fee.
Gas plays a crucial role in such interactions.
Gas pours into a museum and the patrons fall over dead or unconscious.
Gas pours out of volcanoes in large quantities during most eruptions.
Gas powered equipment often has separate numbers for engine and frame.
GAs produce bolting of rosette-forming plants, increasing internodal length.
Gas produced from hindgut fermentation can appear as bubbles in the manure.
Gas produces cheaper heat.
Gas provides a controlled heat.
GAS provides a search of cross section results for user specified criteria.
Gas provides additional heat when needed in the winter.
GAS provides fair, aggressive claims management directed towards timely claim resolutions.
Gas provides more energy to Ontario than either oil or electricity.
Gas provides much of the natural pressure that drives oil to the surface.
Gas puma baseball cleats.
Gas pump at dock.
Gas pump literature to help with pump identification and restoration.
Gas pump on the snowmobile trail.
Gas pump parts, gas globes, air meters repro pumps, neon signs.
Gas pump parts, gas globes, air meters, repro pumps, neon signs.
Gas pumps in decent condition still stand guard over a fading building.
Gas pumps outside, hunting arrows and shiners inside.
Gas quickly accumulates and fires can erupt, leaving little behind.
Gas ranges and unvented kerosene space heaters are by far the worst offenders.
Gas ranges, cooktops, and ovens are easy to install.
Gas ranges, furnaces and automobiles are all possible sources.
Gas ranges, furnaces, fireplaces, and wood stoves are common household sources.
Gas ranges, sink unit, apt size refrig.
GAS really is a unique and remarkable place.
GAS receives support from the Federal Republic of Germany.
Gas recommend People on health unto a volunteers jerseys after outline inside the arrive.
Gas refers to natural gas but excludes natural gas liquids.
Gas remains in upright jar taper - then pour it into another jar with a burning taper.
Gas remains the likely fuel of further new generation.
GAs require a research or teaching activity by the student.
Gas responds more rapidly and vigorously to mechanical forces and heat.
Gas running out over the engine can lead to a fire under the hood.
Gas say Cottage aboard dirt among few badminton nets because crept throughout lots surface.
Gas seeps through cracks The sonar detected what appeared to be hundreds of ships.
Gas seeps through the surface and condenses in the pores of rock.
GAs serve in administrative support positions in academic and administrative units.
Gas slamming into a neutron star, right, sends a bright signal.
Gas smells awful.
Gas spiraling inward grows fiercely hot, emitting the observed X rays.
Gas starts collecting in the hole, but they are trapped by the shelling.
Gas stays traps in the magma until it violently expands, driving the eruption.
Gas stoves emit carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxides and organic compounds.
Gas stoves with the warmth and beauty of natural stone.
Gas stoves, gas water heaters and sterilizing cupboards.
Gas stoves, lighting, hot water and a log burner.
Gas supplies the pressure needed to consolidate the material.
Gas swirling into a black hole, left, leaves little trace once past the event horizon.
Gas Take an enema of the herbal tea catnip for prompt gas relief.
Gas take Chalk about street on any teenagers chat also advise with many hair.
Gas tends to migrate out of highly viscous fluid very slowly.
Gas then accumulates causing distention of the rumen.
Gas then burns behind the panel, instead of in front of it.
Gas trapped around red colonies indicates coliforms.
Gas turns to be a liquid and a solid , while a solid turns to a liquid and gas .
GAs use the tools of natural selection and genetics.
Gas used by a rental truck during the move is reimbursable with proper receipts.
Gas used for cooking in the restaurant is stored in gas cylinders.
Gas vaporizes from solution and is flammable in air.
Gas vaporizes readily from solution and is flammable in air.
Gas vented from the piping is an unrecoverable loss.
Gas vents to be connected to appliances.
Gas vents to be installed.
Gas wars a leading producer of high- octane and financial setbacks pushed fuels.
Gas wins hands down.
Gas works best as it keeps a more steady temperature than electric.
Gas Works No.
Gases also come from our sweat, and when food is digested in our stomachs.
Gases also expand when they are heated at a constant pressure.
Gases also have viscosity, although it is a little harder to notice it in ordinary circumstances.
Gases also occur throughout the sedimentary section below.
Gases also pose a hazard at many volcanoes.
Gases also vibrate, but they move freely at high speeds.
Gases are also a very important part of the earth.
Gases are also fluids since they take on the shape of their individual container.
Gases are also good at moving heat .
Gases are also good at moving heat.
Gases are chemicals that are gaseous at room temperature.
Gases are colorless and odorless.
Gases are compounds.
Gases are compressible .
Gases are compressible fluids, unlike liquids.
Gases are compressible, which means that the density of the atmosphere varies with altitude.
Gases are created by fuel.
Gases are easier to compress than solids.
Gases are easy to compress.
Gases are everywhere.
Gases are exchanged in the capillaries.
Gases are fluid.
Gases are fluids.
Gases are gases.
Gases are great because they can compress and expand.
Gases are highly compressible when compared to solids and liquids.
Gases are highly compressible, while liquids are only slightly so.
Gases are inanimate objects.
Gases are inherently difficult and costly to transport.
Gases are located in air.
Gases are located in boats.
Gases are located in gas stations.
Gases are located in space.
Gases are located in sun.
Gases are materials that exist as individual molecules in the air at room temperatures.
Gases are more compressible than liquids.
Gases are more flexible states of matter than solids and liquids.
Gases are much more compressible.
Gases are of course already in vapour form.
Gases are perhaps the best understood of the three states of matter.
Gases are produced by evaporation.
Gases are produced by fire.
Gases are produced by gas producers.
Gases are produced by producers.
Gases are random groups of atoms.
Gases are readily compressible.
Gases are released by fire.
Gases are released through the stomata, on the underside of the leaf.
Gases are soluble in water and go into solution at the gas liquid interface.
Gases are substances that become airborne at room temperature.
Gases are substances.
Gases are the force behind volcanic eruptions.
Gases are the most compressible of all the states of matter.
Gases are the most energetic of the three phases of matter.
Gases are the third from of matter.
Gases are therefore more disordered than the corresponding liquids.
Gases are used for balloons.
Gases are used for burning.
Gases are used for burping.
Gases are used for clothes dryers.
Gases are used for cooking.
Gases are used for fartings.
Gases are used for fuel.
Gases are used for heat.
Gases are used for heating.
Gases are used for light.
Gases are usually measured by volume so a relationship between volume and number of moles is needed.
Gases are usually more soluble at colder temperatures.
Gases are vapor.
Gases are very important to living systems.
Gases are very poor conductors of heat.
Gases ascend and form clouds.
Gases assume the shape and volume of a container.
Gases become less soluble as the temperature is raised.
Gases bounce everywhere and spread out.
Gases bubble up through the cap.
Gases build in the rumen causing the bloat.
Gases build in the thick molten rock, escaping with a blast.
Gases can also flow to take the shape of a container.
Gases can be a complicated system to explore, test, and understand.
Gases can be above or below atmospheric pressure.
Gases can be flammable, combustible, explosive, poisonous, corrosive, or toxic.
Gases can become liquids when cooled.
Gases can become plasmas in several ways, but all include pumping the gas with energy.
Gases can combine to form different materials.
Gases can combine with other gases to form mixtures, rather than solutions.
Gases can dissolve in liquids .
Gases can dissolve in liquids.
Gases can either pass directly to the nose or pass through an activated carbon filter.
Gases can fill a container of any size or shape.
Gases can fill up, or distribute themselves equally within, anything into which they are placed.
Gases can have effects.
Gases can have negative effects.
Gases can have profound effects.
Gases can indeed have a lot to do with earthquakes.
Gases can mix, because the particles are a long ways apart and easily go past one another.
Gases can react to form compounds that essentially condense and form very small, liquid particles.
Gases can react with oxygen rapidly because they can mix efficiently with the air.
Gases can significantly limit available oxygen in the air causing breathing to stop.
Gases can take the shape of any container and also fill any volume.
Gases can take the shape of any container.
Gases carry methane.
Gases cause damage.
Gases cause effects.
Gases cause extreme pain.
Gases cause green house effects.
Gases cause greenhouse effects.
Gases cause lung damage.
Gases cause pain.
Gases cause similar effects.
Gases change states.
Gases combine with gases.
Gases come from natural sources.
Gases come from sources.
Gases come from the magma itself or from the hot magma coming into contact with water in the ground.
Gases completely fill the vessels they occupy.
Gases completely fill their containers, regardless of volume.
Gases condense into liquids at very low temperature.
Gases consist of atoms or molecules that are unbound.
Gases consist of methane.
Gases consist of particles which are very far apart compared to their own sizes.
Gases consist of percent methane.
Gases consist of weakly bonded atoms and expand to fill any available space.
Gases contain air.
Gases contain different elements.
Gases contain elements.
Gases contain heat.
Gases contain helium.
Gases contain nitrogen.
Gases contain particles much farther apart than in either solids or liquids.
Gases continue to escape from the interior as volcanic emissions.
Gases contribute to production.
Gases create a pressure on their containers, because of the gas molecules colliding with the walls.
Gases create atmospheres.
Gases create compounds.
Gases created are phosgene.
Gases depend upon pressure.
Gases deviate least from ideal gas behavior at high temperatures and low pressures.
Gases deviate most from ideal gas behavior at low temperatures and high pressures.
Gases differ from liquids in that they have no definite volume.
Gases diffuse across the inner respiratory surfaces of the lungs.
Gases diffuse by osmosis, through selective cell membranes, across the body surface.
Gases diffuse from regions of higher pressure to lower pressure.
Gases diffuse in through the spiracles and down the tracheae and tracheoles.
Gases diffuse through air several thousand times faster than through water.
Gases diffuse through cell walls only in solution in the water which the wall has imbibed.
Gases dissipate energy.
Gases dissolve better in cold water.
Gases dissolve in liquids like solids, but usually have much simpler behavior.
Gases dissolve in liquids to form solutions.
Gases dissolve in water at high pressures and low temperatures.
Gases dissolve in water.
Gases dissolved in mafic lavas can readily escape, and the lava flows quietly and nonexplosively.
Gases dissolved in sea water are in equilibrium with the atmosphere.
Gases do flow through the regulators.
Gases Dry running applications.
Gases enter atmospheres.
Gases enter homes.
Gases enter liquids more easily under pressure.
Gases enter lungs.
Gases enter the atmosphere, only to be rained down onto sea and continent.
Gases erupting from volcanoes contribute to atmospheric gases.
Gases escape from liquid gasoline and form a vapor in a process called vaporization or evaporation .
Gases escape through the one way valve.
Gases exert a pressure on any surface with which they are in contact.
Gases exert a pressure on the walls of the container in which they are placed.
Gases exert partial pressures in proportion to their relative numbers of molecules.
Gases exert pressure .
Gases exert pressure by the molecules bouncing off the sides of the container.
Gases exert pressure on their containers and all other objects.
Gases exert pressure through the collisions of molecules with the wall of the container.
Gases exert pressure.
Gases expand as they are heated and they contract when they are cooled.
Gases expand in the air up there.
Gases expand rapidly and push the piston, doing work.
Gases expand to fill the boundaries of their containers.
Gases expand to fill the shape of their container.
Gases expand to fill their containers and have low density.
Gases expand to fill their containers.
Gases expand when heated and contract when cooled.
Gases expand when heated.
Gases expand when they are cooled.
Gases fall back inwards, become denser and opaque again.
Gases fill organs.
Gases fill stomachs.
Gases fluctuate in volume much more than liquids or solids.
Gases form bonds.
Gases form chemical bonds.
Gases form compounds.
Gases form ionic compounds.
Gases found in polluted air can irritate the eyes and produce a burning sensation.
Gases generally diffuse , spacing themselves throughout the container.
Gases given off by the radium compound are collected in a glass tube.
Gases go into air.
Gases have a greater entropy than pure liquids which have a greater entropy than pure solids.
Gases have amounts.
Gases have atoms.
Gases have components.
Gases have density.
Gases have effects.
Gases have energy density.
Gases have energy particles.
Gases have energy.
Gases have generally higher reactivities, and more rapid diffusion capabilities.
Gases have greenhouse effects.
Gases have high energy.
Gases have internal energy.
Gases have kinetic energy.
Gases have little or no interactions between the atoms or molecules.
Gases have low density.
Gases have lower densities than liquids or solids.
Gases have lower density than other states of matter, such as solids and liquids .
Gases have lower density.
Gases have lower energy density.
Gases have measurable properties.
Gases have more entropy than liquids which have more than solids.
Gases have much energy.
Gases have much lower density than the solids and liquids.
Gases have neither a definite shape nor a definite volume.
Gases have neither a definite shape nor size.
Gases have neither a fixed shape nor a fixed volume.
Gases have neither definite volume nor shape.
Gases have no color.
Gases have no definite shape nor volume.
Gases have no definite shape or a definite volume.
Gases have no definite shape or volume.
Gases have no definite volume and no definite shape.
Gases have no definite volume or shape.
Gases have no definite volume.
Gases have no weight.
Gases have odor.
Gases have other measurable properties.
Gases have oxygen atoms.
Gases have particles.
Gases have pressure.
Gases have properties.
Gases have same average kinetic energy.
Gases have same temperature.
Gases have small intermolecular interactions.
Gases have smaller forces of attraction than solids and liquids .
Gases have smaller forces of attraction than solids and liquids.
Gases have special relationships involving their temperatures, volumes, and pressures.
Gases have strong intermolecular forces acting, keeping the molecules close together.
Gases have temperature.
Gases have tendencies.
Gases have values.
Gases have variable volume and shape.
Gases have weight.
Gases hit atmospheres.
Gases hold huge amounts of energy and their molecules are spread out as much as possible.
Gases include carbon dioxide.
Gases include carbon.
Gases include dioxide.
Gases include elements.
Gases include methane.
Gases include natural elements.
Gases include particles.
Gases include sulphur dioxide.
Gases increase effects.
Gases indicate fermentation.
Gases inevitably have much lower refractive indexes than solids.
Gases inhibit microorganisms by two mechanisms.
Gases interact with atmospheres.
Gases interact with upper atmospheres.
Gases is in the hood.
Gases kill instantly.
Gases mix with dust and ash to make great dark clouds.
Gases move and flow more freely than the others.
Gases move around constantly and they take up the volume of the container.
Gases move from an area of higher concentration, to that of a lower concentration.
Gases move from areas of high to low pressure.
Gases move from areas of higher pressure to areas of lower pressure .
Gases move from areas.
Gases move from places.
Gases move in and out of tissues by diffusion .
Gases move somewhat freely through a dry, hydrophilic membrane.
Gases normally obey the Ideal Gas Law.
Gases occupy more space than the solids or liquids from which they are formed.
Gases occupy the entire volume of a container.
Gases occur in atmospheres.
Gases occur in environments.
Gases operate for the most part by the same physical laws that liquids do.
Gases pass in and out of a plant using pressure differences.
Gases pass through it freely.
Gases pass through the filter, but most particles are trapped.
Gases play enormous roles.
Gases play roles.
Gases pose the greatest hazard close to the vent where concentrations are greatest.
Gases possess energy.
Gases possess high energy.
Gases possess low levels of matter per unit volume.
Gases produce compounds.
Gases produce effects.
Gases produce emissions.
Gases produce energy.
Gases produce from fermentation.
Gases produce greenhouse effects.
Gases produce radiant energy.
Gases produced from combustion are strong vectors for change in forests.
Gases produced in greatest volume are methane, carbon dioxide, ammonia and hydrogen sulfide.
Gases reach equilibrium.
Gases readily diffuse across the mucosa.
Gases readily diffuse through lipid bilayer.
Gases released by volcanoes can damage nearby plants and lower the quality of air people breath.
Gases released include Carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, and fluorine.
Gases remain trapped longer in the magma, and then are released explosively.
Gases require energy.
Gases result from activities.
Gases result from human activities.
Gases rising from the combustion zone drive off moisture from the feed.
Gases Run in place very fast for a minute.
Gases serve functions.
Gases serve purposes.
Gases squirted directly into the mouth can cause suffocation by freezing the air passages.
Gases support combustion.
Gases sustain life.
Gases take up much more space than liquids.
Gases tend to be harder to identify, because they have no color, shape, or size.
Gases tend to take the shape of their container , and are less dense than both solids and liquids .
Gases tend to take the shape of their container, and are less dense than both solids and liquids.
Gases trapped in clathrates are enclosed in ice , they look like packed snow .
Gases trapped in clathrates are enclosed in ice, they look like packed snow.
Gases turn into liquids.
Gases undergo effusion and diffusion.
Gases use attribute and texture lists as well as turbulance settings for dramatic effects.
Gases use in photosynthesis.
Gases use techniques.
Gases used are methane, isobutane and ammonia.
Gases would have effects.
Gases would have inverse effects.
Gasses are an even better example of that.
Gasses are difficult for students to visualize because they are invisible.
Gasses are mixed at tip for added safety.
Gasses become the BODY of the panda via the bamboo.
Gasses commonly used in discharge lamps include neon, mercury and sodium.
Gasses follow certain laws, which physicists have deduced.
Gasses here are about one-tenth the density of water and are extremely violent.
Gasses pass in and out of cells by diffusion.
Gasses react in different ways to a burning or glowing splint.
Gasses really do compress more easily than fluids.
Gasses released from the water simply escape to the atmosphere through vents in the aerator cover.
Gasses tend to expand much more rapidly with temperature changes.
Gasses tend to leave water if exposed to differences in pressure, or differences in flow.
Gas Always leave the gas alarm on.
Gas often proceeds a meal, and more frequent urination gets a person up during the night.
Gas usually follows the price of heating oil.
GAs usually have at least one image.
Gases usually burn above the bed or in the bubble phase.
Gases usually change into the liquid state.
All gas filtering and drying and instrument calibration is handled automatically.
All gas is either flared or reinjected.
All GAs receive room and in some residences board in return for their services.
All gases act the same way whether they are on Jupiter or on the Earth.
All gases are completely soluble in each other.
All gases are compressible.
All gases can flow , like liquids .
All gases can flow, like liquids.
All gases contain some high-energy molecules.
All gases dissolve somewhat in water.
All gases expand at the same rate when heated.
All gases have different freezing and boiling points.
All gases meet the highest quality and purity standards in the industry.
Any gas can condensate , usually at a low temperatures or high pressure .
Any gas can condensate, usually at a low temperatures or high pressure.
Any gases released from the planet quickly escape into space.
Any gasses escape as they are produced.
Many gas related accidents result from damage to buried pipelines during excavation activities.
Many gases are non-polar molecules, such as hydrogen, helium, oxygen, carbon dioxide and nitrogen.
Many gases behave as ideal gases at moderate temperatures and pressures.
Many gases have odors.
More gas cooling vendors give customers greater equipment choice and price competition.
More gas is burned and less goes out the tailpipe as pollution.
More gas is retained in warmer years and less in cooler years, regardless of emission levels.
Most gas is sold to utilities for household use.
Most GAs work with professors on research and service projects.
Most gases are created by fuel.
Most gases are examples of ideal gases all all temperatures.
Most gases are molecules made up of two or more atoms.
Most gases are produced by evaporation.
Most gases are produced by fire.
Most gases are produced by gas producers.
Most gases are produced by producers.
Most gases are released by fire.
Most gases become less soluble as the temperature is raised.
Most gases behave ideally at sufficiently low pressures.
Most gases behave like ideal gases at moderate pressures and temperatures.
Most gases can have effects.
Most gases can have negative effects.
Most gases can have profound effects.
Most gases carry methane.
Most gases cause damage.
Most gases cause effects.
Most gases cause extreme pain.
Most gases cause green house effects.
Most gases cause greenhouse effects.
Most gases cause lung damage.
Most gases cause pain.
Most gases cause similar effects.
Most gases change states.
Most gases combine with gases.
Most gases come from natural sources.
Most gases come from sources.
Most gases consist of methane.
Most gases consist of percent methane.
Most gases contain air.
Most gases contain elements.
Most gases contain heat.
Most gases contain helium.
Most gases contain nitrogen.
Most gases contribute to production.
Most gases create atmospheres.
Most gases create compounds.
Most gases depend upon pressure.
Most gases enter atmospheres.
Most gases enter homes.
Most gases enter lungs.
Most gases exert pressure.
Most gases fill organs.
Most gases fill stomachs.
Most gases form chemical bonds.
Most gases form ionic compounds.
Most gases go into air.
Most gases have amounts.
Most gases have atoms.
Most gases have components.
Most gases have density.
Most gases have effects.
Most gases have energy density.
Most gases have energy particles.
Most gases have energy.
Most gases have greenhouse effects.
Most gases have high energy.
Most gases have internal energy.
Most gases have kinetic energy.
Most gases have low density.
Most gases have lower density.
Most gases have lower energy density.
Most gases have measurable properties.
Most gases have much energy.
Most gases have odor.
Most gases have other measurable properties.
Most gases have oxygen atoms.
Most gases have particles.
Most gases have pressure.
Most gases have properties.
Most gases have same average kinetic energy.
Most gases have same temperature.
Most gases have temperature.
Most gases have tendencies.
Most gases have values.
Most gases have weight.
Most gases increase effects.
Most gases indicate fermentation.
Most gases interact with atmospheres.
Most gases interact with upper atmospheres.
Most gases move from areas.
Most gases move from places.
Most gases occur in atmospheres.
Most gases occur in environments.
Most gases play enormous roles.
Most gases play roles.
Most gases possess energy.
Most gases possess high energy.
Most gases produce compounds.
Most gases produce effects.
Most gases produce emissions.
Most gases produce energy.
Most gases produce from fermentation.
Most gases produce greenhouse effects.
Most gases produce radiant energy.
Most gases reach equilibrium.
Most gases require energy.
Most gases result from activities.
Most gases result from human activities.
Most gases serve functions.
Most gases serve purposes.
Most gases sustain life.
Most gases turn into liquids.
Most gases use in photosynthesis.
Most gases use techniques.
Some gas is grabbed by the star's considerable magnetic field.
Some gas is normally present in the digestive tract.
Some gas stoves leak cooking gas, which can be a trigger.
Some gases absorb energy.
Some gases absorb heat radiation.
Some gases absorb radiation.
Some gases absorb terrestrial radiation.
Some gases accentuate the warming or cooling of the atmosphere.
Some gases affect climates.
Some gases affect energy output.
Some gases affect environments.
Some gases affect output.
Some gases affect plants.
Some gases affect pressure.
Some gases alter patterns.
Some gases alter weather patterns.
Some gases are caused by air.
Some gases are caused by hot air.
Some gases are created by cell death.
Some gases are created by death.
Some gases are generated by decay.
Some gases are harder to see than others.
Some gases are heavier than air, some are lighter.
Some gases are lighter than air of the same volume.
Some gases are produced by animals.
Some gases are produced by burns.
Some gases are produced by cellular respiration.
Some gases are produced by eruptions.
Some gases are produced by facilities.
Some gases are produced by furnaces.
Some gases are produced by humans.
Some gases are produced by photosynthesis.
Some gases are produced by plants.
Some gases are produced by respiration.
Some gases arise from wind.
Some gases attract mosquitoes.
Some gases become liquids.
Some gases become types.
Some gases burn like methane, hydrogen, propane, and the like.
Some gases burn throats.
Some gases can dissolve in water as well.
Some gases cause acid rain.
Some gases cause bubbles.
Some gases cause cancer.
Some gases cause chemical reaction.
Some gases cause corrosion.
Some gases cause death.
Some gases cause destruction.
Some gases cause environmental problems.
Some gases cause explosions.
Some gases cause gastrointestinal inflammation.
Some gases cause headaches.
Some gases cause heat.
Some gases cause inflammation.
Some gases cause injuries.
Some gases cause intense heat.
Some gases cause lung cancer.
Some gases cause problems.
Some gases cause rain.
Some gases cause reaction.
Some gases cause serious injuries.
Some gases cause severe inflammation.
Some gases change structures.
Some gases collect dust.
Some gases combine with clouds.
Some gases come from activities.
Some gases come from cars.
Some gases come from cattle.
Some gases come from creatures.
Some gases come from live creatures.
Some gases consist of clouds.
Some gases consist of dioxide.
Some gases consist of interact particles.
Some gases consist of minute particles.
Some gases consist of particles.
Some gases contain clouds.
Some gases contain fluorine.
Some gases contain gas clouds.
Some gases contain methane.
Some gases contain plasma.
Some gases contain power.
Some gases continue eruptions.
Some gases contribute to effects.
Some gases contribute to green house effects.
Some gases contribute to greenhouse effects.
Some gases create fire.
Some gases decrease production.
Some gases decrease with increase temperature.
Some gases decrease with temperature.
Some gases depart from ideal behavior to such an extent that some refinements became necessary.
Some gases depend on locations.
Some gases depend on motion.
Some gases depend on pressure.
Some gases dissolve in organic solvent.
Some gases dissolve in solvent.
Some gases drive pistons.
Some gases emit energy.
Some gases emit power.
Some gases emit radiation.
Some gases enter abdomens.
Some gases enter chambers.
Some gases enter necks.
Some gases fill boxes.
Some gases fill chambers.
Some gases fill containers.
Some gases flow through power plant turbines.
Some gases flow through turbines.
Some gases form air.
Some gases form atmospheres.
Some gases form clouds.
Some gases form disks.
Some gases found in mines are soluble and can be released from water.
Some gases generate charge.
Some gases generate electricity.
Some gases generate pressure.
Some gases generate static electricity.
Some gases give different colored light that can be viewed without a grating.
Some gases go into tissue.
Some gases go through pipes.
Some gases go up, others go down.
Some gases have ability.
Some gases have applications.
Some gases have bases.
Some gases have characteristic smell.
Some gases have conductivity.
Some gases have elements.
Some gases have energy gaps.
Some gases have environmental impact.
Some gases have forces.
Some gases have gaps.
Some gases have greater impacts on climate than others.
Some gases have helium.
Some gases have high conductivity.
Some gases have impact.
Some gases have isotopes.
Some gases have large energy gaps.
Some gases have large gaps.
Some gases have levels.
Some gases have many applications.
Some gases have many important applications.
Some gases have nitrogen.
Some gases have power.
Some gases have stable isotopes.
Some gases have very low auto-ignition temperatures.
Some gases have viscosity.
Some gases have weak forces.
Some gases help heat.
Some gases increase acidity.
Some gases increase activities.
Some gases increase energy.
Some gases increase human activities.
Some gases increase pressure.
Some gases increase temperature.
Some gases indicate uniformity.
Some gases induce decay.
Some gases induce orbital decay.
Some gases irritate eyes.
Some gases kill animals.
Some gases kill ants.
Some gases kill soldiers.
Some gases kill termites.
Some gases lead to death.
Some gases lead to symptoms.
Some gases lead to unpleasant symptoms.
Some gases lose energy.
Some gases make heat.
Some gases make senses.
Some gases make up air.
Some gases occur at surfaces.
Some gases pass through cellular membranes.
Some gases pass through exoskeletons.
Some gases pass through materials.
Some gases pass through membranes.
Some gases pass through moist membranes.
Some gases prevent heat.
Some gases produce cause leakage.
Some gases produce food.
Some gases produce leakage.
Some gases produce significant leakage.
Some gases push missiles.
Some gases push projectiles.
Some gases push rockets.
Some gases raise global temperature.
Some gases raise temperature.
Some gases reduce quality.
Some gases release energy.
Some gases release heat.
Some gases require input.
Some gases require radiation.
Some gases result in death.
Some gases show composites.
Some gases surround atomic nuclei.
Some gases surround nuclei.
Some gases threaten health.
Some gases threaten public health.
Some gases travels through nozzles.
Some gases travels through rocket nozzles.
Some gases turn into ice.
Some gases use air.
Some gases use for light.
Gaseous alkynes can produce a feeling of anesthesia when inhaled.
All gaseous bodies are equally elastic.
Gaseous chlorine is pumped into liquid aluminum to react with and remove impurities.
Gaseous chlorine reacts with hydrocarbons to form chlorinated hydrocarbons.
Gaseous drinks are also very much inclined to give one the same feeling as too much food or liquid.
Gaseous exchange is also necessary for photosynthesis.
Gaseous exchange is limited only by blood flow and surface area.
Gaseous exchange occurs in the alveoli.
Gaseous exchange occurs through both the lungs and the skin.
Gaseous exchange occurs through the general body surface.
Gaseous exchange relies on simple diffusion.
Gaseous exchanges are effected, since the kernel, itself a living body, continues to thrive.
Some gaseous exchanges know as transpiration.
Some gaseous exchanges occur at levels.
Some gaseous exchanges occur in alveoluses.
Some gaseous exchanges occur in lung alveoluses.
Some gaseous exchanges take places.
Gaseous exposures involve ozone, nitrogen dioxide, carbon monoxide, and sulfur dioxide.
Gaseous fuels are best suited to stationary combustion systems served by pipelines.
Gaseous fuels are convenient because they can be readily turned on and off.
Gaseous fuels are preferred over solid and liquid fuels because of the following advantages.
Gaseous fuels have more water in the combustion gases than liquid fuels.
Gaseous helium is left behind.
Some gaseous hydrocarbons are produced by ethane.
Gaseous hydrogen is colourless.
Some gaseous materials produce during respiration.
Gaseous mercury is used in mercury-vapour lamps and advertising signs.
Gaseous metal conducts electricity.
Gaseous mixtures are usually homogeneous and all gases mixtures are gas-gas solutions.
Gaseous nitrogen contains covalent molecules.
Gaseous nitrogen is a simple asphyxiant.
Gaseous nitrogen is gases.
Gaseous nitrogen is nitrogen.
Gaseous nitrogen is used in the chemical and petroleum industries for storage tank blanketing.
Gaseous nitrogen is useless to plants.
Gaseous nitrogen makes up three-quarters of the atmosphere.
Gaseous nitrogen purging of the ammonia boiler continues today.
Gaseous oxygen is atoms.
Gaseous oxygen is extremely hazardous when used in the presence of readily combustible materials.
Gaseous oxygen is gaseous oxygen.
Gaseous oxygen is gases.
Gaseous oxygen is odorless and free from contaminants.
Gaseous oxygen is oxygen.
Gaseous ozone created by ultraviolet light or by corona discharge is injected into the water.
Gaseous particles are 'bubbles'.
Gaseous pollutants include carbon monoxide.
Gaseous pollutants include hydrocarbons.
Gaseous pollutants include monoxide.
Many gaseous reactions are very slow at room temperature.
Gaseous slip flow in long microchannels.
Gaseous solutes exhibit more complex behavior with temperature.
Gaseous state is water vapor, where the molecules are separated from each other.
Gaseous substances are in a league all to themselves.
All gaseous substances are said to have gaseous state.
Gaseous sulphur dioxide.
Gaseous vapors enter the body through many routes.
Gaseous water represents a small but environmentally significant constituent of the atmosphere .
Gaseous work is evaluated in terms of volume change and the same holds true for skeletal muscles.
Gases production is production.
Gasification of biomass produces fewer emissions than direct combustion.
Gasification plants convert lignite into natural gas products.
Gasification begins as the particles rapidly absorb energy from the high enthalpy torch gas.
Gasification is a chemical action
Gasification turns biomass into a more useful form, gas.
Gasket material surrounds inside of clamp.
A gasket is a seal
Gaskets are a help, but only if the battery pack and buttons or knobs are sealed too.
Gaskets are available in a variety of styles and sizes and quality is the key.
Gaskets are available in many foam and material blends.
Gaskets are available that fit behind the switch plates and outlets to prevent drafts.
Gaskets are inexpensive, cost-effective, and relatively easy to replace.
Gaskets are likely to last at least a year if they are cleaned on a regular basis.
Gaskets are seals.
Gaskets are silicone rubber.
Gaskets are teflon coated.
Gaskets are to be used to fill space between flanges.
Gaskets are typically flat in form as opposed to o-rings that are rounded.
Gaskets go between the logs.
Gaskets keep steam from leaking out around the cover.
Gaskets prevent loss or contamination of the trapped sample.
Gaskets provide airtight seals that help keep dust out of storage and display units.
Gaskets remove easily for high resolution specimen imaging on thin flat glass substrate.
All gaskets contain 'born on' dates for quality assurance.
Most gaskets are permanently deformed so that they protrude below the hull.
Some gaskets have a vent gap.
Gasketed lens is heavy gauge polycarbonate.
A gaskin is a body part
Gaskin applies in the present case.
Gaskins knows that a first impression is an important one.
A gaslight is light
Gaslights are very expensive.
Gasoline bombs explode.
Gasoline brands are pretty much the same.
Gasoline consumption is payable by the renter.
A gasoline engine is ICE
Gasoline engine is at left foreground.
Gasoline engines are good for rapid acceleration, as used in automobiles.
Gasoline engines are higher revving and require deeper speed reduction ratios.
Gasoline engines are part of cars.
Gasoline engines compress both air and fuel within the cylinders.
Gasoline engines excel at traveling long distances at highway speeds.
Gasoline engines have many conveniences over nitro-powered engines.
Gasoline engines ignite the fuel-air mixture with a spark from the spark plug.
Gasoline engines intake both air and fuel into cylinders.
Gasoline engines produce dangerous levels of carbon monoxide.
Gasoline engines provide power, but they also produce pollution and consume a nonrenewable resource.
Some gasoline engines are part of ambulances.
Some gasoline engines are part of automobiles.
Some gasoline engines are part of autos.
Some gasoline engines are part of cars.
Some gasoline engines are part of taxis.
Some gasoline engines require more oxygen than a venturi section can provide.
Some gasoline engines serve as outboard motors to power small boats.
Gasoline heater needs repair.
Gasoline prices appear to have leveled off.
Gasoline prices are among the highest in Europe.
Gasoline prices are at all-time lows, but U.S. oil dependency is now at a record high.
Gasoline prices are at an all time high in Ohio, and above the national average.
Gasoline prices are beyond reason.
Gasoline prices are down.
Gasoline prices are far higher than a year ago, and natural gas costs are spiraling.
Gasoline prices are high and only going higher for the foreseeable future.
Gasoline prices are high, and roads are crowded.
Gasoline prices are high.
Gasoline prices are higher in California, partially due to the issue of air pollution.
Gasoline prices are higher, and it's impossible to get spare parts for the engine.
Gasoline prices are low.
Gasoline prices are lower than ever in history.
Gasoline prices are on the rise throughout the country.
Gasoline prices are on the rise, again.
Gasoline prices are similar to U.S. prices.
Gasoline prices are so high the government is looking into possible gouging.
Gasoline prices fluctuate between high and really high.
Gasoline prices remain high.
Gasoline prices rise.
Gasoline prices seem to be higher than in other places, too.
Gasoline prices soar.
Gasoline prices spike to near record levels in California.
Gasoline prices vary station to station, and the large differences are equally mystifying.
All gasoline prices are subject to change without notice.
A gasoline station is a service station
Many gasoline stations provide convenient fueling for NGVs.
Some gasoline stations market their least expensive gasoline as economy brand.
Gasoline taxes are a major component of the pump price of gasoline.
Gasoline taxes are extremely high in Europe.
Gasoline taxes can be an important part of the effort to improve air quality.
Gasoline taxes hurt the poor far more than the wealthy, for obvious reasons.
Gasoline taxes support the highway system.
Gasoline vapor mixes with air.
Gasoline accounts for about half of the company's sales.
Gasoline accounts for many severe burns each year.
Gasoline accounts for more than half of the oil used in Oregon.
Gasoline accounts for nearly one-fifth of the energy consumed in the United States.
Gasoline also degrades with time.
Gasoline also fuels boats, recreational vehicles, and various farm and other equipment.
Gasoline also includes transmix.
Gasoline blantly burns at a clearly definable monetary rate.
Gasoline can leak through the seam of the filter.
Gasoline causes a significant number of burn injuries each year.
Gasoline comes from oil that took millions of years to make deep within the earth.
Gasoline comes from oil.
Gasoline comes into our car through a hose.
Gasoline contains almost none.
Gasoline contains aromatic hydrocarbons.
Gasoline contains benzene, a human carcinogen.
Gasoline contains benzene, a known carcinogen.
Gasoline contains carbon.
Gasoline contains dangerous additives, including chemicals known to cause cancer in humans.
Gasoline contains hydrocarbons.
Gasoline contains many toxic chemicals such as benzene, xylene, toluene and many other additives.
Gasoline contaminates the groundwater here.
Gasoline continues to go up.
Gasoline costs more in Canada than the United States.
Gasoline floats on water.
Gasoline gives off vapors that are heavier than air.
Gasoline gives off vapors.
Gasoline goes in the fuel tank of the car, cases of liquor go in the trunk.
Gasoline goes underground for storage.
Gasoline goes up.
Gasoline has lots of chemical potential energy stored up inside it to help make cars go.
Gasoline has no meaning in the religious scheme of life.
Gasoline has only one real use.
Gasoline has similar cyclical spikes in the summer, when vacationers are on the road.
Gasoline ignites easily and burns vigorously.
Gasoline is a big one.
Gasoline is a by-product of petroleum that fuels our cars.
Gasoline is a close second.
Gasoline is a colorless, pale brown, or pink liquid, and is very flammable.
Gasoline is a commodity whose price fluctuates with supply and demand.
Gasoline is a commodity.
Gasoline is a common source of ethylbenzene exposure.
Gasoline is a far more volatile, dangerous product to transport than napalm is.
Gasoline is a free-market commodity.
Gasoline is a fuel mixture .
Gasoline is a fuel mixture.
Gasoline is a good example.
Gasoline is a great example of just how the system works.
Gasoline is a great fire starter.
Gasoline is a hydrocarbon
Gasoline is a light fraction of petroleum which is quite volatile and burns rapidly .
Gasoline is a major expense for large SUVs.
Gasoline is a mixture of hydrocarbons, which burn in an engine.
Gasoline is a mixture of hydrocarbons.
Gasoline is a mixture of liquid hydrocarbons that have a variety of boiling points.
Gasoline is a mixture of lots of chemicals, including known carcinogens, cancer-causing agents.
Gasoline is a mixture of many chemicals that burn at different rates.
Gasoline is a mixture of materials, some of which are known carcinogens.
Gasoline is a motor fuel only.
Gasoline is a motor fuel used in automobiles and other vehicles.
Gasoline is a possible cause of cancer.
Gasoline is a product designed to fuel internal combustion engines.
Gasoline is a rich mixture of toxic chemicals.
Gasoline is a small part of the cost of a vacation anyway.
Gasoline is a substance made of carbon and hydrogen.
Gasoline is a thin, volatile liquid with a distinctive odor.
Gasoline is a typical flammable liquid.
Gasoline is a very complex substance made up mainly of carbon and hydrogen atoms.
Gasoline is a volatile material and people don t walk around with it in their shoes.
Gasoline is actually the liquid form of pure truth.
Gasoline is also a skin irritant.
Gasoline is also in the shed.
Gasoline is also very dangerous to store.
Gasoline is among the many items available on the futures market.
Gasoline is an example of a liquid mixture.
Gasoline is an important part of our everyday lives.
Gasoline is an integral component for the successful operation of the combustion engine.
Gasoline is another hazard around houses and farms.
Gasoline is at a nine-year high.
Gasoline is at a premium right now, as the news reports have said.
Gasoline is available at stations throughout Mexico.
Gasoline is available both on the water and at a land pump.
Gasoline is available in Hume Lake.
Gasoline is available nearby.
Gasoline is available, and the marina management hopes to offer diesel fuel in the future.
Gasoline is blended with additives to make it burn cleaner.
Gasoline is burned in a car engine.
Gasoline is burned in car and truck engines.
Gasoline is cheap in Colombia, since it is an exporter of petroleum.
Gasoline is cheaper than bottled water.
Gasoline is cleaner too, but the fact is that there are more cars on our roads than ever before.
Gasoline is clear and has a distinct odor.
Gasoline is composed, in part, of extremely dangerous chemicals.
Gasoline is dangerous and flammable.
Gasoline is defined to include gasoline and gasoline blendstocks.
Gasoline is especially a problem.
Gasoline is expensive.
Gasoline is explosive and much too dangerous to use on grills.
Gasoline is explosive.
Gasoline is extra.
Gasoline is extremely flammable and can explode and burn if ignited.
Gasoline is extremely volatile and accounts for many severe burns each year.
Gasoline is flammable because it vaporizes with air to form a mixture that ignites easily.
Gasoline is fluid.
Gasoline is formulated differently for varying climate conditions.
Gasoline is freely available.
Gasoline is fuel
Gasoline is fuel.
Gasoline is fungible.
Gasoline is gasoline until it reaches the terminal.
Gasoline is generally more toxic but evaporates fairly quickly.
Gasoline is hazardous to store.
Gasoline is hydrocarbons.
Gasoline is in the blue container.
Gasoline is included in the mileage charge.
Gasoline is included in the rental fee.
Gasoline is kept in sealed tanks.
Gasoline is least elastic, since there are few substitutes for it in the operation of cars.
Gasoline is less efficient by nearly a factor of three, as the table at the right shows.
Gasoline is lighter than water, while hydrogen and helium are lighter than air.
Gasoline is likely to remain in tight supply as well.
Gasoline is liquid fuel.
Gasoline is liquid under atmospheric conditions, meany it offers a much more dense energy storage.
Gasoline is liquids.
Gasoline is located in boats.
Gasoline is located in gas stations.
Gasoline is located in refineries.
Gasoline is made differently for winter and has butane added to help starting in the cold.
Gasoline is made from non-renewable petroleum.
Gasoline is made of similar types of molecules but much shorter, so they tumble around more easily.
Gasoline is made to explode.
Gasoline is made up of a combination hydrocarbons with different molecular weights and structure.
Gasoline is made up of hydrocarbons.
Gasoline is made up of hydrogen and carbon atoms in chains.
Gasoline is meant only to fuel an engine.
Gasoline is measured in litres in Canada.
Gasoline is more expensive in Europe than in America.
Gasoline is more readily and widely available than acetylene.
Gasoline is much like many other commodity products, although it differs in one important aspect.
Gasoline is much more likely than wheat to be a cause of international conflict.
Gasoline is nearly as cheap, in real terms, as it has ever been.
Gasoline is nonpolar and dissolves nonpolar materials such as fat or oil.
Gasoline is one of the great anomalies of American life.
Gasoline is one of the most commonly used accelerants in arson fires.
Gasoline is one of the most terrible things.
Gasoline is one of the most toxic substances in common use and it is everywhere.
Gasoline is one of the most volatile flammable liquids.
Gasoline is only a small fraction of the cost of operating that type of automobile.
Gasoline is only one of the lighter fractions of crude oil.
Gasoline is only to be used in engines as a source of energy.
Gasoline is our focus until supplies rise.
Gasoline is paid by the renter.
Gasoline is partly a convenience purchase.
Gasoline is predominately carbon and hydrogen.
Gasoline is pretty toxic material.
Gasoline is priced in the world market daily.
Gasoline is produced from petroleum in the refining process.
Gasoline is quite expensive, but the cars are economical.
Gasoline is rationed.
Gasoline is readily available throughout Slovakia.
Gasoline is refined from crude oil.
Gasoline is refined from oil.
Gasoline is relatively non-toxic after a single or acute exposure by all routes.
Gasoline is scarce.
Gasoline is sold by the liter - just a little less than a quarter of a gallon.
Gasoline is sold by the liter along the roadside in plastic containers.
Gasoline is sold by the liter.
Gasoline is sold, too.
Gasoline is somewhat scarce as well.
Gasoline is taxed separately.
Gasoline is the bloodline that keeps America moving.
Gasoline is the key to freedom of travel.
Gasoline is the only available fuel.
Gasoline is the only service for transients.
Gasoline is the primary source of benzene, toluene and related aromatics in the air.
Gasoline is the responsability of the customer.
Gasoline is there.
Gasoline is three times as expensive as in the United States.
Gasoline is to hazardous to use but kerosene and diesel fuel are acceptable in emergencies.
Gasoline is used for cars.
Gasoline is used in cars, boats, motorcycles, lawn mowers and other engines.
Gasoline is used to power automobiles, lawnmowers, powerboats and motorcycles.
Gasoline is used to provide energy for most motor vehicles and piston-engine airplanes.
Gasoline is usually available for purchase.
Gasoline is very dangerous .
Gasoline is very dangerous.
Gasoline is what's called a nonrenewable source.
Gasoline is, too.
Gasoline isa fuel.
Gasoline isa hydrocarbon.
Gasoline keeps going up.
Gasoline makes a car run, but without wheels, the car is going nowhere.
Gasoline only burns so fast.
Gasoline poses a risk to pets and children.
Gasoline produces carbon dioxide.
Gasoline produces dioxide.
Gasoline pump remote monitor systems.
Gasoline pumps in cages.
Gasoline pumps, if any.
Gasoline quickly destabilizes and forms 'varnish' that clogs everything.
Gasoline rains from the sky.
Gasoline rationing begins.
Gasoline rationing goes into effect.
Gasoline remains cheap in the United States compared with almost every other part of the world.
Gasoline represents over half of all products generated by oil refineries in the United States.
Gasoline sold in Tulsa is refined in Oklahoma and on the Texas Gulf Coast.
Gasoline spreads to a thin sheen and completely evaporates, leaving no residue.
Gasoline tends to dry out the filter and can dissolves the glues at the seams of the filter.
Gasolines also contain smaller amounts of a number of other additives.
Gasolines contain a number of additives.
Gasolines differ from location to location and from season to season.
All gasoline engines with carburetors tend to vent fuel vapor after shutdown.
All gasoline has a limited storage life and reformulated gasoline is no exception.
All gasoline is basically the same, but no two blends are identical.
All gasoline is made from a recipe of basic ingredients.
All gasoline is to be paid by the renter and to be returned empty.
All gasoline leaks into soil and groundwater are dangerous to the public health and the environment.
All gasoline sold in Arkansas is taxed except for gasoline used for aviation purposes.
All gasoline starts out as crude oil.
All gasolines have finite storage life.
Any gasoline acts as a cleaning agent.
Many gasoline stands change their brands if given discounts on oil and gas prices or rebates.
More gasoline is sold, at lower prices.
Most gasoline contains aromatic hydrocarbons.
Most gasoline contains carbon.
Most gasoline contains hydrocarbons.
Most gasoline is used in engines that move automobiles and trucks.
Most gasoline produces carbon dioxide.
Most gasoline produces dioxide.
Most gasoline sold in the United States has fairly high sulfur levels.
Most gasolines already contain some kind of gas line antifreeze.
Some gasoline comes from the natural gas found with petroleum.
Some gasoline contributes to pollution problems.
Some gasoline contributes to problems.
Some gasoline has density.
Some gasoline kills ants.
Some gasoline replaces kerosene.
A gasp is inhalation
Many gasps come from the crowd, followed by an eerie hush, a respectful silence.
Gassendi crater is featured in the scene.
Gassings are chemical processes.
Gassings are poisoning.
Gassy tubes cause problems with bias adjustments.
A gasteromycete is a fungus
Gasteromycetes are fungi that grow on the ground and therefore protect their spore-producing areas.
Gastic lavage is one option for intervening into poisoning or overdosing.
Gastointestinal symptoms are more common in megaloblastic anaemia.
Gastral ribs are present, as are several advanced avian traits.
A gastrectomy is an operation
Gastrectomy remains the only curative treatment for gastric cancer.
Gastric acid is extremely corrosive.
Gastric acid is humour
Gastric acid is necessary for the absorption of most forms of calcium.
Gastric acid is produced by the parietal cells of the stomach.
Gastric acids erode enamel.
Gastric acids wash up the area, so the procedure is used to tighten the channel.
Gastric acidity converts the cyst back into the active form.
Gastric acidity influences the blood response to a beta-carotene dose in humans.
Gastric acidity plays an important role in preventing cholera infection.
Gastric adenocarcinoma is a leading cause of cancer mortality world- wide.
Gastric analysis is of limited value.
Gastric analysis shows an absence of hydrochloric acid and perhaps even an absence of gastric juice.
Gastric atony is an occasional problem of unknown cause.
Gastric bypass is a surgical operation that results in marked reduction in the size of the stomach.
Gastric bypass is major abdominal surgery and carries all the pain and risks of any operation.
Gastric bypass is now the one most commonly in use.
Gastric bypass is the most common weight loss surgery .
Gastric bypass is the most common weight loss surgery.
Gastric bypass permits normal absorption of food, medicines and vitamins.
Gastric cancer has a complicated aetiology.
Gastric cancer is a curable disease.
Gastric cancer is another focus of research in our department.
Gastric cancer is no exception.
Gastric cancer is the second most frequently diagnosed cancer in the world.
Gastric cancer occurs as a result of many factors.
Gastric cancer spreads very fast.
Gastric carcinoid expresses the gastrin autocrine pathway.
Gastric carcinoids have varied etiopathogenesis.
Gastric ceca surrounds the stomach and excretes digestive juices to help digestion.
Gastric contractions begin when food enters the stomach.
Gastric decontamination is controversial.
Gastric decontamination remains a highly controversial area in the management of poisoned patients.
Gastric dilatation occurs during a migraine attack.
Gastric dilatation refers to distension of the stomach, usually with swallowed air.
Gastric diseases are quite common among Chinese fieldworkers.
Gastric distention is common with severe burns.
Gastric distress is the most common digestive disorder.
Gastric epithelium is seen in the upper half of the image.
Gastric fluid includes hydrochloric acid, pepsinogens, and mucus.
Gastric glands are present throughout the mucosa of the stomach.
Gastric intolerance is uncommon.
Gastric irritation causes some people problems.
Gastric juice contains enzymes and hydrochloric acid.
Gastric juice contains enzymes that begin the digestion of proteins.
Gastric juice contains hydrochloric acid, the production of which requires chloride.
Gastric juice is humour
Gastric juices continue digestion before passing the liquid into the small intestines.
Gastric juices kill off bacteria in food.
Gastric lavage collects the respiratory secretions which are swallowed at night.
Gastric lavage is administered through a nasogastric tube.
Gastric lavage is helpful if performed early.
Gastric lavage is indicated after ingestion of food or water contaminated with mustard gas.
Gastric lavage is indicated after ingestion of mustard gas.
Gastric lavage is indicated if ingestion was acute.
Gastric lavage is indicated if it can be done within one hour of isoniazid ingestion.
Gastric lavage is lavage
Gastric lavage is lavage.
Gastric lavage is recommended and is effective if carried out very soon after drug ingestion.
Gastric lavage is recommended for treatment.
Gastric lavage is recommended, followed by supportive treatment.
Gastric lipase helps in emulsification of lipids in the stomach.
Gastric pacing improves emptying and symptoms in patients with gastroparesis.
Gastric pain is a side effect.
Gastric problems are also a hallmark of scleroderma.
Gastric reflux occurs.
Gastric secretion is controlled by nerve impulses and the hormone gastrin .
Gastric secretion is highest in the late evening, tending to peak around midnight.
Gastric torsion is an emergency situation that requires immediate surgery to correct.
Gastric torsion is fatal if left undiagnosed and untreated.
Gastric ulcer can be benign or malignant.
Gastric ulcer is less frequent than duodenal ulcer.
Gastric ulcer is peptic ulcer.
Gastric ulcer is peptic ulceration
Gastric ulcer is stomach ulcer.
Gastric ulcers are a common problem in foals and in horses in stressful environments.
Gastric ulcers are a round or oval and run perpendicular to the gastric wall.
Gastric ulcers are more likely to require surgery than are duodenal ulcers.
Gastric ulcers are peptic ulcers in the stomach .
Gastric ulcers are peptic ulcers in the stomach.
Gastric ulcers are very common in adult horses as well as foals.
Gastric ulcers can heal and recur in the same location, mostly in the antral region of the stomach.
Gastric ulcers kill sows, function of feed programs.
All gastric ulcers require biopsy.
Gastric volvulus is an acquired twist of the stomach that can lead to gastric outlet obstruction.
Gastric xanthelasma are far more frequent.
Gastric yeast is gone and gastric ulcer is responding well to treatment.
Gastrin causes stomach ulcers and is produced by overactivity in the region of the pancreas.
Gastrin is a hormone
Gastrin is hormones.
Gastrin is proteins.
Gastrin stimulates secretion of HCl and pepsinogen by the stomach.
Gastrin stimulates the growth of gastric pit with less -differentiated features.
Gastrin stimulates the parietal cells to secrete HCl and the chief cells to secrete pepsinogen.
Gastrin stimulates the self-replication rate of enterochromaffinlike cells in the rat stomach.
Gastritis is a symptom
Gastritis is diseases.
Gastritis is inflammation.
Gastritis is medical conditions.
Most gastritis improves rapidly with treatment.
Gastrodermal tubes extend from the polyps into the mesoglea of the coenenchyme.
Gastroenteric absorption is enhanced by the presence of fats or oils.
Gastroenteritis has (part) inflammation.
Gastroenteritis isa disease.
Some gastroenteritis affects absorption.
Some gastroenteritis occurs in children.
Some gastroenteritis occurs in young children.
A gastroenterologist is a doctor
Gastroenterologists already know how and when to conduct followup and most have mechanisms in place.
Gastroenterologists are doctors who have taken special training in digestive disease.
Gastroenterologists are doctors who specialize in diseases of the stomach and intestines.
Gastroenterologists are doctors.
Gastroenterologists are internists.
Gastroenterologists are physicians who have taken special training in digestive disease.
Gastroenterologists are specialists in diagnosing and treating diseases of the bowel.
Gastroenterologists are the most important component of the diagnostic team.
Gastroenterologists diagnose and treat ailments of the digestive system.
Gastroenterologists diagnose and treat digestive system ailments.
Gastroenterologists evaluate and treat disorders of the stomach and the intestine.
Gastroenterologists just love it.
Gastroenterologists tend to view colic as the earliest functional bowel disorder.
Many gastroenterologists recommend trying dietary manipulation before resorting to bulking agents.
A gastroenterology is medicine
Gastroenterologies are medicine.
Gastroenterology contains information directly pertinent to the specialty of gastroenterology.
Gastroenterology is an intricate mixture of psychiatry, medicine, and surgery.
Gastroenterology is the branch of medicine concerned with diseases of the digestive system.
Gastrointestinal abnormalities can give the skin a very unusual smell.
Gastrointestinal absorption is relatively rapid.
Some gastrointestinal absorption increases availability.
Gastrointestinal anthrax begins with ingestion of contaminated meat.
Gastrointestinal anthrax is exceedingly rare.
Gastrointestinal bacteria are important for digestion, immune functions and general health.
Gastrointestinal cancer is a general term for several different cancers of the digestive system.
Gastrointestinal cancer remains a significant public health threat in developed countries.
Gastrointestinal complaints can be considerable, suggesting a diagnosis of gastroenteritis.
Gastrointestinal discomfort can be an early warning sign of fluorosis.
Gastrointestinal diseases are an important cause of illness in Australia.
Some gastrointestinal diseases are caused by ingestion.
Some gastrointestinal diseases are characterized by acute diarrhea.
Some gastrointestinal diseases are characterized by diarrhea.
Some gastrointestinal diseases cause chest pain.
Some gastrointestinal diseases cause pain.
Gastrointestinal disorder is an illness
Gastrointestinal disorders can inhibit absorption and result in pernicious anemia.
Gastrointestinal disorders can inhibit absorption.
Gastrointestinal disorders diminish if allopurinol is taken after meals.
Gastrointestinal disorders have a major impact on health.
Some gastrointestinal disorder affects adults.
Some gastrointestinal disorder affects australian adults.
Gastrointestinal distress is a common symptom.
Gastrointestinal disturbances are also possible.
Gastrointestinal effects are due to direct corrosive effects on the mucosa.
Some gastrointestinal effects consist of nausea.
Gastrointestinal endoscopy allows the source of the occult bleeding to be identified.
Gastrointestinal endoscopy is quite safe.
Gastrointestinal endoscopy is superior because it allows a direct view of the area of concern.
Gastrointestinal haemorrhage is a known complication of aspergillus infection of the gut.
A gastrointestinal hormone is a hormone
Many gastrointestinal hormones influence the motility.
Gastrointestinal illness can impair absorption.
Gastrointestinal infection is very common in the Aboriginal population in Central Australia.
Gastrointestinal infections are also more common among the elderly.
Some gastrointestinal infection causes diarrhea.
Some gastrointestinal infection is transmitted to men.
Gastrointestinal intolerance can also occur.
Gastrointestinal irritation is usually all that occurs.
Gastrointestinal motility is controlled by the nerves and muscles within the gastrointestinal tract.
Gastrointestinal neoplasms become increasingly more prevalent with each decade of life.
Some gastrointestinal parasites find in primates.
Gastrointestinal physiology is less well understood in the horse than in the ruminant.
Gastrointestinal problems are common in the pet rabbit.
Gastrointestinal problems are frequent.
Gastrointestinal problems associated with gluten are rare in dogs.
Gastrointestinal problems can also occur.
Gastrointestinal problems can occurs from the vomiting or the use of laxatives.
Gastrointestinal problems including nausea, vomiting, and loss of appetite is also very common.
Some gastrointestinal problems can prevent protein from being used by the body.
Gastrointestinal reactions involve nausea and stomach cramps.
Gastrointestinal route means fecal-oral.
Gastrointestinal secretion is a significant and important matter in animal life.
Some gastrointestinal secretion enters hollow organs.
Some gastrointestinal secretion enters organs.
Gastrointestinal signs are also common among cats with secondary toxoplasmosis.
Gastrointestinal signs are common in hyperthyroidism.
Gastrointestinal signs occur first, with salivation, vomiting, abdominal pain and diarrhea.
Gastrointestinal symptoms are a common reason for use of antimicrobials without prescription.
Gastrointestinal symptoms are also common and include nausea.
Gastrointestinal symptoms are less common.
Gastrointestinal symptoms are most common.
Gastrointestinal symptoms are the most frequent.
Gastrointestinal symptoms are the most frequently reported adverse events.
Gastrointestinal symptoms include abdominal pain.
Gastrointestinal symptoms include mild abdominal pain.
Gastrointestinal symptoms include mild pain.
Gastrointestinal symptoms include pain.
Gastrointestinal symptoms occur frequently in babies taking erythromycin.
Some gastrointestinal symptoms are caused by allergen.
Some gastrointestinal symptoms are caused by allergies.
Some gastrointestinal symptoms are caused by food allergen.
Some gastrointestinal symptoms are caused by food allergies.
Some gastrointestinal tracts secrete digestive enzymes.
Gastrointestinal upset includes the usual problems of nausea, vomiting, anorexia, diarrhea, etc.
Some gastrointestinal upsets can be rapidly fatal.
A gastronome is a sensualist
Gastronomes are the same as gourmets, only harder to pronounce.
Gastronomes still turn to the cuisine that carries the name of the Maestro.
Gastronomical variety is without question the crowning touch of local hospitality.
A gastronomy is art
Gastronomies are art.
Gastronomies are cuisine.
Gastronomy Get to know Portuguese cuisine.
Gastronomy is a major issue in any culture.
Gastronomy is famous also.
Gastronomy is the joy of every condition and every age.
Gastronomy shows the influence of a narrow contact with the neighboring countries.
Gastropod molluscs have shells.
Most gastropod molluscs have shells.
Gastropod mollusks have shells.
Gastropod mollusks have spiral shells.
Most gastropod mollusks have shells.
Most gastropod mollusks have spiral shells.
Gastropod shells have layers.
Most gastropod shells have layers.
Some gastropod snails feed on bivalves.
Many gastropod species are cross-fertilizing hermaphrodites.
A gastropod is a shellfish
Gastropod isa mollusc.
Gastropod isa mollusk.
Gastropods also have a head equipped with antennae, eyes, and mouth, and a large foot.
Gastropods are a class of mollusk that includes snails, conchs and whelks.
Gastropods are a fascinating animal for study.
Gastropods are among the more economically im- portant animals.
Gastropods are animals that live on land or water.
Gastropods are by far the largest group of molluscs.
Gastropods are dioecious, and some forms are hermaphroditic.
Gastropods are economically valuable as food for many animals, including humans.
Gastropods are found in a variety of habitats across Australia but favour moist environments.
Gastropods are found in both fresh and salt water, and on land.
Gastropods are found worldwide.
Gastropods are known to play an important role in plant, especially periphyton, production.
Gastropods are marine, fresh water, and terrestrial.
Gastropods are molluscs.
Gastropods are mollusks.
Gastropods are one of the most diverse groups of animals, both in form, habit, and habitat.
Gastropods are primarily marine, but freshwater and terrestrial forms occur.
Gastropods are relatively tough to distinguish due to their mode of preservation.
Gastropods are relatively uncommon, and no cephalopods or trilobites are represented.
Gastropods are second only to the insects in terms of varieties.
Gastropods are single coiled shells.
Gastropods are snails and slugs.
Gastropods are snails which have a single shell.
Gastropods are the largest division of the mollusks, based on numbers of species.
Gastropods are the largest family of mollusks and live almost everywhere.
Gastropods are the most common members of a group of animals called mollusks.
Gastropods are the most diverse of the mollusk groups.
Gastropods are univalves which means they have one shell.
Gastropods are very successful in marine, freshwater and terrestrial habitats.
Gastropods come in a wide variety of colors, shapes and sizes.
Gastropods exhibit it - their shells are coiled around a center point at the apex.
Gastropods exhibit the least change from the ancestral molluscan plan of all the molluscs.
Gastropods exhibit virtually every type of feeding possible.
Gastropods feed on very small things.
Gastropods form the second largest class in the animal kingdom, the largest being insects.
Gastropods form the second largest class in the animal kingdom, the largest being the insects.
Gastropods grow shells.
Gastropods has-part organs.
Gastropods have (part) brains.
Gastropods have (part) carapaces.
Gastropods have (part) cell membranes.
Gastropods have (part) cells.
Gastropods have (part) corpi.
Gastropods have (part) cytoplasm.
Gastropods have (part) ears.
Gastropods have (part) faces.
Gastropods have (part) heads.
Gastropods have (part) nuclei.
Gastropods have (part) plasma membranes.
Gastropods have (part) sections.
Gastropods have (part) shellfishes.
Gastropods have (part) shells.
Gastropods have (part) skulls.
Gastropods have (part) vacuoles.
Gastropods have a complex nervous system with ganglia.
Gastropods have a feeding organ called a radula.
Gastropods have a muscular foot used for creeping in most species.
Gastropods have a shell, although some have lost their shells through evolution.
Gastropods have a single shell, unlike bivalves .
Gastropods have coil shells.
Gastropods have eyes.
Gastropods have heads.
Gastropods have lungs.
Gastropods have senses.
Gastropods have shells.
Gastropods have small teeth which are called radula.
Gastropods include herbivores.
Gastropods lay eggs.
Gastropods live in every conceivable habitat on Earth.
Gastropods live just about everywhere on Earth - salt water, fresh water, and on land.
Gastropods make up the family of animals that include snails, slugs, limpets and sea hares.
Gastropods move using a muscular foot.
Gastropods possess a distinct head, foot, and mantle cavity.
Gastropods possess organs.
Gastropods range in size from less than inch to over a foot.
Gastropods rasp their food.
Gastropods represent one such taxon.
Gastropods serve as excellent sources of proxy environmental data.
Gastropods show tremendous variation in the de- gree of development of the shell.
Gastropods use a broad, muscular foot to move and have a distinct head region.
Gastropods usually have a one piece shell.
All gastropods are asymmetrical.
All gastropods display some degree of ganglial concentration.
Many gastropods have a shell.
Many gastropods have one shell in which the animal can withdraw.
Most gastropods are herbivores and feed by scraping algae off of rocks using the radula.
Most gastropods are herbivores, carnivores or scavengers.
Most gastropods are hermaphrodites.
Most gastropods are marine, although some are pulmonates.
Most gastropods are very mobile and active.
Most gastropods found on land have both the male and female reproductive organs in the same animal.
Most gastropods grow shells.
Most gastropods has-part organs.
Most gastropods have a single spiral shell, but many are shell-less.
Most gastropods have a single, spiraled shell whereas slugs lack or have a reduced shell.
Most gastropods have a spiral shell into which the animal can retract.
Most gastropods have an asymmetrical, spiral shell with a single aperture.
Most gastropods have coil shells.
Most gastropods have eyes.
Most gastropods have heads.
Most gastropods have large aperture through which the organism comes out.
Most gastropods have lungs.
Most gastropods have senses.
Most gastropods have shells, generally in the shape of a spiral with numerous turns.
Most gastropods have shells.
Most gastropods possess organs.
Most gastropods show a courtship behavior before copulation.
Some gastropods are hermaphroditic, that is, they have both male and female parts.
Some gastropods are unisexual.
Some gastropods conserve water.
Some gastropods feed on clams.
Some gastropods feed on mollusks.
Some gastropods feed on other mollusks.
Some gastropods feed suctorially and have lost the radula.
Some gastropods get their oxygen by means of gills.
Some gastropods have bases.
Some gastropods have female organs.
Some gastropods have female reproductive organs.
Some gastropods have holes.
Some gastropods have male organs.
Some gastropods have muscles.
Some gastropods have organs.
Some gastropods have reproductive organs.
Some gastropods have separate sexes, others are hermaphroditic .
Some gastropods have sex.
Some gastropods have tentacles.
Some gastropods lack shells completely.
Some gastropods live in sea.
Some gastropods possess lids.
Some gastropods show diversity.
Some gastropods use penises.
Gastroscopic exam is the diagnostic method of choice.
A gastrostomy is an operation
Gastrostomy is the creation of an opening into the stomach.
A gastrulation is a biological process
Gastrulation adds more cells to the embryo and sorts the cells into distinct cell layers.
Gastrulation begins after egg laying.
Gastrulation begins three hours after fertilization.
Gastrulation begins when fluid starts to accumulate between the blastomeres of the morula.
Gastrulation involves an epithelial to mesenchymal transformation.
Gastrulation involves an epithelial to mesenchymal transformations.
Gastrulation involves cell movements that help to attain new shape and morphology of the embryo.
Gastrulation involves changes in cell motility, cell shape, and cell adhesion.
Gastrulation involves the rearrangement and migration of cells from the epiblast.
Gastrulation is a complicated process in all animals and is difficult to define and study.
Gastrulation is apparently by epiboly.
Gastrulation is by a combination of invagination and epiboly.
Gastrulation is by epiboly and invagination.
Gastrulation is by epiboly followed by invagination.
Gastrulation is by epiboly, followed by invagination.
Gastrulation is by epiboly.
Gastrulation is by invagination, occasionally accompanied by an in-wandering of cells.
Gastrulation is by invagination.
Gastrulation is initiated at the future dorsal side of the embryo, underneath the organiser region.
Gastrulation is initiated by invagination of cells to form the dorsal lip of the blastopore.
Gastrulation is probably by epiboly.
Gastrulation is the defining event of gut morphogenesis.
Gastrulation is the process by which presumptive endoderm and mesoderm are internalized.
Gastrulation leads to the development of different germ layers in the embryo.
Gastrulation marks the onset of changes in cell behavior that begin to shape the organism.
Gastrulation occurs before organogenesis.
Gastrulation occurs between the sixth and seventh cleavages.
Gastrulation occurs by ingression and is followed by the deposition of the thick cuticle.
Gastrulation occurs by unipolar proliferation.
Gastrulation occurs differently in different animals.
Gastrulation occurs in roughly two forms, depending on the amount of yolk present.
Gastrulation occurs solely on the blastodisc.
Gastrulation produces a gastrula that develops three embryonic germ layers.
Gastrulation reorganizes the blastula into a three-layered embryo with a recognizable body plan.
Gastrulation represents a critical time in embryogenesis.
Gastrulation starts in the so called Spemann organizer.
Gastrulation varies in different phyla .
Gastrulation varies in different phyla.
Gastrulations are part of growth.
Gats are predacious on mice and robins on earthworms.
Gate agents are good at filling the plane.
Gate City accepts TIFs and JPEGs for pictures.
Gate fees are up, and new fees apply to events inside the conservation sites.
Gate function keeps module muted until input signal exceeds threshold.
Gate latches are available with a black finish.
Gate latches are available with a rust resistant zinc coating or with a black finish.
Gate latches are steel construction, galvanized coated, self-closing.
Gate valves have a gate inside.
Gate valves have internal parts that deteriorate and snap off.
A gate is a barrier
Gate arrays offer lower cost and a slightly faster turn time than standard-cell solutions.
Gate isa barrier.
Gate moves only a few feet, then stops.
Gate opens automatically when exiting.
Gate opens fine but after closing, opens back up.
Gate opens OK but after closing, opens back up.
Gate rises to all clear position as train moves on.
Gate throw Teacher aside patience in either sandals shoes yet move between none mount.
Gate valves and check valves scaled to the point of in-operation.
Gate womens blazers.
GATE works with all HTML standard browsers and requires no special software for the user.
Gates accept concurrent behavior.
Gates act as a way to get through fences, and are opened or closed with a right-click.
Gates allow entrance for people on food, bicycles or horseback.
Gates also has agents prowling central london looking in peoples fridges for pea sized objects.
Gates also plans to meet several software developers and chief information officers.
Gates also sees new device types.
Gates approaches a song like an instrumentalist.
Gates are a common spot at which segregation occurs.
Gates are a great addition.
Gates are a specialty, including many kinds of latches, and operating devices.
Gates are also available to match any of our fence designs.
Gates are always in.
Gates are always on maps.
Gates are an equally important element of a fence, again, constituting a possible weak link.
Gates are authentication methods.
Gates are available in many widths and heights.
Gates are building blocks.
Gates are capable of swings.
Gates are cheap, micros are expensive.
Gates are closed and locked for public safety and to protect the road surface.
Gates are defensive.
Gates are electrodes.
Gates are entrances.
Gates are entries.
Gates are for defense.
Gates are important.
Gates are lift out or hinged barriers that restrain flood waters from entering a given area.
Gates are located in apartments.
Gates are located in backyards.
Gates are located in fences.
Gates are located in gardens.
Gates are Lucky.
Gates are more advantageous than bollards in the countryside.
Gates are movable sections of a wall which allow entrance into a city.
Gates are of all welded construction with mitered joints and vertical Z braces.
Gates are open one hour prior to each ceremony for guest seating.
Gates are open throughout the day by the administrative offices.
Gates are open to the public only on weekends during hunting season.
Gates are passageways.
Gates are quite effective if built from a proper design.
Gates are raised and lowered depending on water levels in the reservoir and flood conditions.
Gates are simply a shorter section of panel wired or tied to a post or neighboring panel.
Gates are symbolic of power and authority to possess the gates of hell.
Gates are the key to effectively managing the entire development process.
Gates are used for closings.
Gates are used for lockings.
Gates are used for openings.
Gates begin to answer.
Gates block four alcoves.
Gates blocking stairs are a good way to avoid falls.
Gates can afford it.
Gates can be very specific.
Gates can block off stairways to prevent children from playing there.
Gates can either hold water in or let water out.
Gates can t stop melefs.
Gates chats with outsiders on items that include technology and business opportunities.
Gates clearly intends the book's theme to be liberating, but the final effect is oppressive.
Gates close one hour before closing.
Gates close one hour before the show ends each day.
Gates come pre-assembled and are attached to the terminal posts by hinge pieces and a latch.
Gates comes across as incredibly disconnected from the raging business issues du jour.
Gates confine the animals in the pens during the alley cleaning.
Gates control eliminates traffic control for the incoming items.
Gates create a special feel.
Gates does offer some important words of wisdom, especially to young people.
Gates enjoys civil service protection against being fired.
Gates excels at writing simply, making complex technologies easy to understand.
Gates explains the internal damage that is being done.
Gates fire the hit event.
Gates follows with a prediction about changing telephone rates.
Gates gives boost to India and El Salvador aid efforts.
Gates has powerful allies.
Gates have (part) bases.
Gates have (part) hinges.
Gates have (part) keyholes.
Gates have (part) sections.
Gates have another constructive effect.
Gates have input.
Gates have no memory .
Gates have special 'dog proof' kennel latches to prevent accidental opening.
Gates help protect fragile resources.
Gates immediately vows to appeal.
Gates knows it.
Gates lead to pool and spa in backyard.
Gates lock at sunset.
Gates looks ahead.
Gates melt past our eyes.
Gates naturally disagrees, says the government is meddling in technology.
Gates notes that strength building and flexibility exercises can also be beneficial.
Gates now serves as chairman and chief software architect.
Gates open early for everyone who wants to come learn.
Gates open one and one half hours prior to kickoff.
Gates open one half hour prior to show.
Gates open one hour before game time unless otherwise noted.
Gates open one hour before the festival on each day.
Gates open one hour before the game.
Gates open one hour prior to all games.
Gates open one hour prior to face-off.
Gates open one hour prior to show time.
Gates open one hour prior.
Gates open two hours before kickoff.
Gates open two hours before races each day.
Gates open two hours before races start.
Gates open two hours prior to each show.
Gates open wide for the one who dies with sword in hand.
Gates pays no gift tax on the transfer.
Gates plans to forge ahead with bigger, better operating systems.
Gates plans to pursue a career in marketing, public relations or broadcasting.
Gates proposes to hire five jail cooks.
Gates proposes widespread ownership and participation in American business by citizens.
Gates provide bonus points.
Gates provides a wide range of wall forming systems for the general contractor.
Gates provides representation at administrative hearing proceedings.
Gates pushes hometown to Linux .
Gates require no modifcation in order to add an operator .
Gates require no modifcation in order to add an operator.
Gates squats next to the fast-running water and scoops up a handful of the creek bed.
Gates still figures in the starting-pitching plans.
Gates still looks uncomfortable in a suit.
Gates succeeds in writing serious social commentary while still telling a highly entertaining story.
Gates suddenly becomes less self-serving, and complication upon complication ensues.
Gates switch current on and off in transistors.
Gates takes a look into the origins of the Swahili people.
Gates takes charge.
Gates talks about PCs, rivals and the future.
Gates talks up net appliances.
Gates tangles with the tax man.
Gates then travels through the coasts of Kenya and Tanzania to the island of Zanzibar.
Gates thinks so.
Gates tops charitable givers.
Gates typically open two hours before showtime.
Gates welcomes dawn of a new PC age.
Gates always tells the truth.
Gates often feature enlarged phalluses and other fertility symbols, amid hopes of a boon.
Gates usually open one and one-half hours before game time, in both football and basketball.
All gates are complete with all hinges and chain latch ready to hang.
All gates are locked, all doors are barred and bolted, there is no place for flight.
All gates are on lower level.
All gates are open for cars.
All gates are operational.
All gates are powder coated for enhanced appearence.
All gates are walk-thru gates only during show dates.
All gates come with complete hardware.
All gates open one hour prior to tip-off.
All gates open two hours before game time.
All gates open two hours before kickoff.
All gates open two hours prior to game time.
All gates open two hours prior to kickoff for all home games.
All gates require a mezuzah.
Every gate has machine guns deployed too.
Every gate is throng d with suitors, all the markets overflow.
Every gate is throng'd with suitors, all the markets overflow.
More gates equates to higher density.
More gates means more airlines serving the Seattle market.
Most gates have input.
Some gates are intrinsically better than others.
Some gates have barley.
Some gates provide capacity.
A gatecrasher is an intruder
Gatecrashers can be a problem.
Gatefold cards open down the center with wings opening on the left and right sides.
Gatefold sleeve has light soiling, else nice.
A gatefold is a page
Gatefolds are available.
A gatehouse is a house
Gatehouses can hold ten units.
A gatekeeper is a guard
Gatekeeper provides dynamic protection against viruses.
Gatekeepers also protect the integrity of the network for all users according to specified policies.
Gatekeepers appreciate a little humor in the day.
Gatekeepers are capable of forward messages.
Gatekeepers are genes encoding proteins that regulate cell proliferation.
Gatekeepers are people who intercept, block, filter, or resend messages.
Gatekeepers are people.
Gatekeepers are roller coasters.
Gatekeepers are the keepers of the keys to other dimensions.
Gatekeepers are the warriors of the Dream City.
Gatekeepers can also limit the number of calls that can be placed at any given time.
Gatekeepers can countermand an order.
Gatekeepers can create difficulties for people with a life-challenging condition in several ways.
Gatekeepers can help introduce cooperation at the earliest stages of ministry.
Gatekeepers control the gateways and provide call routing functionality.
Gatekeepers exert influence.
Gatekeepers filter the message, and occasionally allow for feedback.
Gatekeepers give permission to make or accept a call based on a variety of factors.
Gatekeepers hold an energetic position to be opened when the consciousness they represent is ready.
Gatekeepers Know the one question to ask in order to deal with the gatekeepers better.
Gatekeepers live up to their name.
Gatekeepers manage the flow of information to buying center members.
Gatekeepers provide call control, routing the calls to the application provider's server.
Gatekeepers provide call routing functionality.
Gatekeepers register clients and coordinate communications with other gatekeepers.
Gatekeepers represent the fit between groups.
Gatekeepers see Decision Making Unit .
Gatekeepers use keys or symbols to open or lock gates.
Gatekeepers work and vastly simplify routing tables.
Some gatekeepers are also initial audiences.
A gatepost is a post
Gatepost offers computer services to small business.
Gateposts are posts.
Gatesian behavior wears thin when unaccompanied by Gatesian achievement.
Gateway Center is in Downtown .
Gateway Center is located on left.
Gateway Center is located on right.
Gateway communities offer a wide range of motels, cabins, bed and breakfast inns and campgrounds.
Gateway Country is located in the extreme southeastern corner of Alberta, Canada .
A gateway drug is a street drug
Gateway drugs are drugs of abuse.
Gateway drugs are drugs that are legal for adults and usually lead to the use of illegal drugs.
Gateway drugs are the substances people tend to try first when they start using drugs.
Gateway drugs are typically inexpensive and readily available.
Gateway drugs break down a psychological barrier against doing other drugs.
Gateway drugs work in two major ways.
Gateway pages are invisible to the end visitor but can be seen and read by search engine robots.
Gateway pages consist of mostly text and are optimized for a single keyword phrase.
Gateway Park is complete.
Gateway Park is over half-way completed with restrooms done.
Gateway Park is proud to offer a variety of fun packages to groups of all kinds.
Gateway Park is under water every time the river comes up.
A gateway is an entrance
Gateway aims finance plan at home users.
Gateway builds to suit, which is attractive to many computer buyers.
Gateway confirms bug in notebook docking stations.
Gateway continues to be a leader in utilizing Web technology.
Gateway demonstrates very well such an evolution.
Gateway enables users to detect, track, and resolve network problems and service requests.
Gateway encourages writing across all curricular areas.
Gateway exists to provide a forum for graduate students to publish scholarly work.
Gateway gives biotech and other companies the capability to finance soft assets and working capital.
Gateway is still available as well.
Gateway knows about their technical support problems and yet chooses to do nothing.
Gateway lays an egg.
Gateway needs to take care of more of the little details that earn administrators' brand loyalty.
Gateway now appeals.
Gateway offers personal, family and marriage counselling services.
Gateway offers rebates on new purchases when buyers bring an old computer to a collection site.
Gateway offers rebates toward future purchases.
Gateway operates two shelters in Arapahoe County.
Gateway participates as exhibitors and presenters.
Gateway passes out systems at inflated prices with poor components.
Gateway plans to run tournaments throughout the summer.
Gateway plans to sublease that facility.
Gateway presents a 'seamless web' of local and remote services.
Gateway Provides a gateway to agencies providing health services.
Gateway provides links to and coverage of major car-buying services.
Gateway provides links to resources in mathematics and science for educators and students.
Gateway requires login to site.
Gateway stakes out early claim.
Gateway truly blankets the area.
Gateways actually collect and catalogue the information for easy and more on-point retrieval.
Gateways allow data transfers across the various networks that constitute the Internet.
Gateways allow their users to send and receive messages from email systems by other vendors.
Gateways also communicate with each other and with the control system using such digital signatures.
Gateways also interconnect networks.
Gateways also overcome another significant Internet telephony problem, addressing.
Gateways also pass netmail into the other network, unless it is technically impossible to do so.
Gateways also require mutually acceptable administrative procedures between the two networks.
Gateways are an excellent starting off point for academic research in particular subjects.
Gateways are another means to create a greater sense of place for visitors and residents alike.
Gateways are bi-directional, as folk always want to reply to others' mail.
Gateways are books.
Gateways are collections of Internet resources arranged by subject.
Gateways are computers and software which interface directly with two or more mail systems.
Gateways are entrances.
Gateways are expensive and they limit data flow.
Gateways are like that.
Gateways are more than portals that just point to information.
Gateways are often normal computers that happen to have more than one network interface.
Gateways are portals.
Gateways are stackable.
Gateways are subject related databases of quality web addresses, a good starting point.
Gateways are the first point of entry of a material flow into the environment.
Gateways are the key to bringing Internet telephony into the mainstream.
Gateways are the key to making Internet telephony work.
Gateways are websites which contain links to other webpages.
Gateways bridge the traditional circuit-switched telephony world with the Internet.
Gateways can communicate with other languages.
Gateways can connect local area networks or wide area networks.
Gateways can extend availability to mainframe systems.
Gateways can take many forms.
Gateways can translate between different protocols.
Gateways connect dissimilar networks as translators.
Gateways consist of three or four dish antennas, a switching station and remote operating controls.
Gateways convert data codes and transmission protocols to enable interoperability.
Gateways e.g. connect conventional telephone services with internet telefony and in reverse.
Gateways employ qualified editors with subject knowledge.
Gateways enable communications between different protocols, data types and environments.
Gateways exist in several forms.
Gateways exist now.
Gateways exist that translate between the two protocols.
Gateways have greater translation capabilities than routers.
Gateways have no information about the size of datagrams destination hosts are prepared to accept.
Gateways have to route packets as quickly as possible.
Gateways implement application layer conversions of information recieved from various protocols.
Gateways make it easier to provide a wide range of bundled services to consumers.
Gateways offer seamless integration with local and regional telephony and wireless networks.
Gateways offer translation services between different videoconferencing standards.
Gateways provide two functions.
Gateways See separate article .
Gateways send and receive authorization and settlement requests from commerce enabled websites.
Gateways store the obtained credit card information on the processor's server.
Gateways translate between different protocols that serve similar functions.
Gateways translate the network data from one format to the other as needed.
Gateways use Web technologies that enable distributed working.
Gateways usually have low prices, but there's still a cost.
All gateways interoperate with at least one external directory.
Many gateways build in a firewall as well.
Most gateways allow users to have multiple, simultaneous sessions on the mainframe.
Most gateways are PC-based.
Most gateways do it right - just one or two mix it up.
Most gateways have firewall features that block ports and attacks.
Some gateways access the flat data files of the legacy IS directly.
Some gateways also limit the size of mail they accept.
Some gateways are general and cover material on as many subjects as possible.
Some gateways have limitations on the size of transmitted messages.
Some gateways incorporate a keyword search option.
Gatewood soils are moderately deep.
Gather artifacts and develop a museum.
Gather is collections.
Gather log info from companies running Web servers.
Gathers dies after collapse on court .
Gathers feedback for web site improvement and enhancement.
Gathers feedback from employees and medical staff about the organization and their work.
Gathers feedback from users to improve pages.
Gathers feedback on government policies.
Gathers follow the harvesters who have removed the ripe pods from the trees.
Gathers locate Web severs and collect resources.
Gathers look softer than pleats.
Gathers produce from local farms after harvest and distributes it to the homeless.
Gathers round out the back.
Gathers works from literary anglers to unveil the passion of fly-fishers as a curious obsession.
Gathers worms for fish bait.
A gatherer is a worker
Gatherer isa individual.
Gatherer isa person.
Gatherer isa somebody.
Gatherer isa someone.
Gatherers are people.
Gatherers collect food.
Gatherers eat big meals.
Gatherers eat meals.
Gatherers have (part) arms.
Gatherers have (part) body substances.
Gatherers have (part) cell membranes.
Gatherers have (part) cells.
Gatherers have (part) corpi.
Gatherers have (part) cytoplasm.
Gatherers have (part) heads.
Gatherers have (part) human bodies.
Gatherers have (part) legs.
Gatherers have (part) material bodies.
Gatherers have (part) necks.
Gatherers have (part) nuclei.
Gatherers have (part) personality.
Gatherers have (part) plasma membranes.
Gatherers have (part) sections.
Gatherers have (part) vacuoles.
Gatherers know when fruit is ripe and seeds are set and watch the changing length of the days.
Gatherers maneuver long poles to knock the fruit from the tips of the cactus arms.
Gatherers see the world in wider terms and take in many stimuli.
Gatherers tend to shop for the pleasure rather than the chase.
Gatherers use techniques.
Most gatherers collect food.
Most gatherers eat big meals.
Most gatherers eat meals.
Most gatherers use techniques.
Some gatherers also irrigate.
Some gatherers catch crabs.
Some gatherers do plant seeds.
Some gatherers eat legumes.
Some gatherers have advantage.
Some gatherers have comprehensions.
Some gatherers insert arms.
Some gatherers kill animals.
Some gatherers replant parts of root crops.
Gathering brings information and data into the system.
Gathering can be as frequent or infrequent as the group desires.
Gathering includes coffee, bagels, and refreshments.
Gathering includes food, dancing, card-playing and more.
Gathering includes meal and program.
Gathering is a social group
Gathering is fast approaching.
Gathering is gratitude.
Gathering is often a symptom of being unable to start or maintain relationships.
Gathering is social groups.
Gathering makes every facet of living a cause for reflection and celebration.
Gathering means collecting plants that grow wild for food .
Gathering plays a small but very important role in the success of the gown.
Gatherings are always for simultaneous celebrations of noteworthy events.
Gatherings are for men only and are held entirely in the nude.
Gatherings are free of charge, and last around one hour.
Gatherings are frequently a time when old family battles are rejuvenated.
Gatherings are friendly and generally over lunch.
Gatherings are highly social events where group members play, breed, and groom.
Gatherings are informal and are open to all women.
Gatherings are open to all students of all religious backgrounds.
Gatherings are semi-private, almost always free and are occuring everywhere.
Gatherings are usually lively and positive occasions.
Gatherings differ in purpose and organization.
Gatherings enable members to draw on the expertise, insights and support of colleagues.
Gatherings enable members to meet together.
Gatherings focus on rituals, meals, congregational worship, and interests of participants.
Gatherings occur about once a month, sometimes including children and sometimes adults only.
Gatherings vary in content and style, reflecting the cultures and priorities of the each firm.
Gatherings frequently attract sizable groups interested in seeing what the sky has to offer.
Gatherings often feature gourmet coffee, or in some cases imported beer.
All gatherings are subject to the regulations of the housing policy.
All gatherings listed are in the state of Washington.
Any gatherings are secret.
Every gathering begins and ends with Christian prayer.
Every gathering is a special event.
Every gathering is an opportunity to enhance skills.
A gator is a crocodilian
Gator can target consumers based on site visitation or historical behavior.
Gator comes with free coupons.
Gator consists of two companion systems.
Gator does it all automatically.
Gator does it all.
Gator eliminates frustrating web chores like filling out forms and remembering passwords.
Gator eliminates frustrating web chores such as filling out forms and remembering passwords.
Gator fills out forms and remembers passwords.
Gator fills out forms.
Gator fills up online forms automatically.
Gator is a cool new software product that fills in forms and remembers passwords.
Gator is a free online tool that helps filling out forms and remembering passwords.
Gator is a free software that fills out forms and remembers passwords.
Gator is a great timesaver.
Gator is a large, masculine dog with tremendous fight drive and a huge grip.
Gator is a much more cost-effective method of targeting specific groups of customers online.
Gator is a real time-saver.
Gator is also a hog catching fool.
Gator is available in the buyer's choice of a plain edge or partially serrated blade.
Gator is crate trained and mostly house trained.
Gator is free software that fills in forms and remembers passwords with no typing.
Gator is FREE software that fills in forms and remembers passwords with no typing.
Gator is house and crate trained and loves to be cuddled and petted.
Gator is much less prone to warping.
Gator is polite.
Gator is private and secure.
Gator is secure.
Gator is such a deal.
Gator keeps customers buying online.
Gator makes putting information into forms a piece of cake.
Gator only shows up 'proactively' when needed, and then goes away.
Gator pops up to help make online transactions simple and easy everywhere on the Web.
Gator remember all passwords.
Gator uses a predatory advertising technique known as scumware.
Gator watches for a while, then walks away.
Gator works on all websites.
Gators are a wonderful treat for people unable to hike .
Gators are far more endangered by mankind than mankind is endangered by gators.
Gators are very strong at a very early age.
Gators are wild creatures and unpredictable.
Gators can go for extended periods of time without eating.
Gators can only copy.
Gators compete in Gainesville.
Gators continue to plague Cats .
Gators face North Carolina today in the Final Four.
Gators gain one top wr, lost another on eve of signing day.
Gators get their own room and screen.
Gators have no common sense.
Gators snap six-game losing streak to the Bulldogs.
Gators thump No.
Gators use water as their security blanket.
Gators always seem to have good memories.
Gators usually occupy freshwater swamps and marshes, but are also found in rivers and lakes.
Gatorade bottles are just about the perfect size.
A gaucho is a cowboy
Gaucho is a handsome boy.
Gaucho is a systemic seed treatment, which means it works within the plant.
Gaucho is for use by commercial seed treaters only.
Gaucho loses label in France.
Gauchos are cowboys.
Some gauchos measure their virility by how many pumas they kill.
Gaufraged velvet has an impressed pattern.
Gauge aluminum has break strength.
Gauge aluminum has strength.
Gauge theories provide frameworks.
Most gauge theories provide frameworks.
A gauge is an instrument
Gauge isa measuring device.
Gauges adjust to compensate for various hub widths.
Gauges are analog, but their faces are fairly small, and that compromises readability.
Gauges are attractive and simple.
Gauges are available individually or in sets.
Gauges are big and easily read.
Gauges are big, round dials clearly visible through the thick-rimmed three spoke steering wheel.
Gauges are big, round, easy on the eyes.
Gauges are big, round, easy to read.
Gauges are distance.
Gauges are durable, versatile, cost effective.
Gauges are easy to read, and controls are easy to find and understand.
Gauges are easy to read.
Gauges are easy to see and read, with tasteful type free of pretension or graphic gimcrackery.
Gauges are easy to spot and controls are within easy reach and are straight-forward to operate.
Gauges are high atop the center of the dashboard.
Gauges are in inches.
Gauges are large and easy to read, and a tachometer is included in the display.
Gauges are large and legible, with clear markings and excellent nighttime lighting.
Gauges are large, legible and nicely tailored.
Gauges are large, simple and easily read.
Gauges are now white with chrome rings.
Gauges are optional.
Gauges are readily available with chemical seals and capillaries of any length.
Gauges are simple and easy to read.
Gauges are standards.
Gauges are thickness.
Gauges are valuable because they combine a variety of measurements into a single reading.
Gauges are white with gray markings, more distinguished-looking than the dark dials of yore.
Gauges can be mechanical or digital and in all standard ranges.
Gauges can be mechanical or digital in all standard ranges.
Gauges come complete with two exhaust probes.
Gauges come in two types.
Gauges come with accessories, battery charger and carrying case.
Gauges communicate the complex and irregular structures of gun parts.
Gauges display patient pressure and pressure limit.
Gauges display spatial distance between data components.
Gauges employ either transmission or backscatter techniques.
Gauges have (part) sections.
Gauges ignore variations caused by waves with periods shorter than minutes.
Gauges indicate the level and stability of vacuum found in the manifold and vacuum reservoir.
Gauges monitor static air pressure for both supply and exhaust.
Gauges Read direct from instrument scale, indications corrected on instrument panel placards.
Gauges show the power and braking forces in effect, and other control information is provided.
Gauges shown for vinyl coated chain link is the finish size.
Gauges simply stick to the side, and measure nothing but the ambient air in that exact location.
Gauges snap in and out individually from the front of the dash for quick repair or replacement.
Gauges stick out and get knocked off too easily.
All gauges are available with a certificate.
All gauges are on one window.
All gauges are there and working.
All gauges are well placed and easy to read.
All gauges come with case.
All gauges makes and models with more added all the time.
All gauges print out to exact size and proportion.
All gauges welcome.
Most gauges have an alter shield to diminish the wind effect on precipitation catch.
Some gauges are extra large, for easier reading.
Some gauges are pressure transducers, which are tubes that pump nitrogen bubbles into a stream.
Some gauges are user adjustable.
Some gauges contain sources of even higher activities with correspondingly higher dose rates.
Some gauges have a lever that moves between 'full' and 'empty' marks.
Some gauges have adjustment washers on both sides of the bar.
Some gauges keep track of pump houses and compression stations.
Some gauges measure rain.
Some gauges show the number of gallons of gasoline left in the tank.
Gauged files are the stated width with a half-round edge.
Gauged slate has a more uniform thickness.
Gauntlet firewall includes a VPN, firewall, and single view rule functionality.
A gaur is a bovine
Gaur isa ungulate.
Gaurs are able to finally reintegrate their former habitats.
Gaurs are found throughout southern Asia.
Gaurs are huge ox-like animals from Asia that are highly endangered.
Gaurs are mammals.
Gaurs are sexually dimorphic.
Gaurs generally keep to themselves and are shy and elusive animals.
Gaurs have (part) brains.
Gaurs have (part) breasts.
Gaurs have (part) cannon bones.
Gaurs have (part) cell membranes.
Gaurs have (part) cells.
Gaurs have (part) chest cavities.
Gaurs have (part) chests.
Gaurs have (part) corpi.
Gaurs have (part) cytoplasm.
Gaurs have (part) ears.
Gaurs have (part) faces.
Gaurs have (part) heads.
Gaurs have (part) hip sockets.
Gaurs have (part) hoofs.
Gaurs have (part) nuclei.
Gaurs have (part) piluses.
Gaurs have (part) plasma membranes.
Gaurs have (part) rib cages.
Gaurs have (part) second stomachs.
Gaurs have (part) sections.
Gaurs have (part) skulls.
Gaurs have (part) sterna.
Gaurs have (part) vacuoles.
Gaurs live in herds led by a single adult male.
Gaurs live in herds.
Some gaurs belong to families.
Some gaurs consume plants.
Some gaurs eat bark.
Some gaurs feed on corn.
Some gaurs feed on crop corn.
Some gaurs feed on grass.
Some gaurs graze on grass.
Some gaurs have alarm calls.
Some gaurs have calls.
Some gaurs have enemies.
Some gaurs have few natural enemies.
Some gaurs have height.
Some gaurs have humps.
Some gaurs have natural enemies.
Some gaurs have shoulder humps.
Some gaurs inflict injuries.
Gauss meters vary widely in price and accuracy.
A gauss is an emu
Gauss refers to the designated strength of a magnetic field of energy.
Gaussian beams are the preferred shape for astronomical mapping.
Gaussian blur has a wide range of blurring.
Gaussian blur is most useful in creating smooth, optical blurs or defocusing.
Gaussian blurs are popular, but the obvious code is slow for wide blurs.
Gaussian convolution semigroups.
Gaussian curvature is product of the maximum curvature and the minimum curvature .
Gaussian derivative kernels up to order four the two dimensional case.
Gaussian elimination is optimal for solving linear equations in dimension two.
Gaussian elimination is revisited yet again.
All Gaussian kernels have the same a priori probability.
Gaussian mixture is the most popular distribution used for modeling speech segments.
Gaussian numbers have many uses in games and simulations.
Gaussian output is requested.
Gaussian quadrature is very efficient for dealing with special classes of integrands.
Gaussian statistics assume that a price curve is smooth and has no gaps.
Gaussian surface is zero.
Gaussian uses be the normalized cartesian displacement.
Gauze has (part) hems.
Gauze has (part) sections.
Gauze is a network
Gauze isa cloth.
Gauze isa fabric.
Gauzes provide a moist wound healing environment when kept moist.
Some gauze is part of bandages.
Some gauze is part of slings.
A gavel is a beetle
All gavel come with an engravable brass band.
All gavels come with an engravable brass band.
A gavial is a crocodilian
Gavials live in rivers in northern India, where they feed on fish and frogs.
Gaviota beach is a very long stretch of sand overlooked by impressive cliffs.
A gawker is a spectator
Gawkers abound, but buyers are few.
Gawkers are spectators.
Gawkers are unknown.
Gawkers gather before dusk at the picnic area below the visitor center for the best spot.
Gawkers lean out of windows.
Gawkers never let up.
Gawkers outnumber the climbers.
Gawkers pull off the highways to take pictures.
Gawky cormorants float unflinchingly, then suddenly dive out of sight.
Most gay activists understand that homophobia exists across the political spectrum.
Some gay activists view that emotional meeting as a turning point.
Many gay artists distribute their own music or work with independent labels.
Many gay bars do the same thing.
All gay behavior is grounds for discharge.
Many gay believers have the same perspective.
Every gay child grows up feeling like their sexuality or their differences are liabilities.
Many gay families are concerned about privacy.
Most gay films resemble Soviet propaganda films.
Most gay guys have really good taste, and they're really picky.
Some gay kids are able to come out to their families.
Some gay literati are evidently in denial about the crisis.
Many gay males have hundreds of sexual partners, as numerous studies have shown.
A gay man is a homosexual
Gay men are located in closets.
All gay men are clean cut.
All gay men are feminine.
All gay men have a distinct walk.
All gay men have nice hair.
Many gay men become a mix of the two styles.
Many gay men can be role models for our children.
Many gay men can be very feminine.
Many gay men don t like their bodies very much.
Many gay men emphasise their masculinity.
Many gay men enter midlife unprepared to face the challenges of living in a youth-oriented culture.
Many gay men feel that their lives are ones of unrealized intentions.
Many gay men find the experience of anal sex has a spiritual component to it.
Many gay men marry and have children before confessing to their wives that they're really gay.
Many gay men marry straight women and many lesbian woman marry straight men.
Most gay men can remember or imagine what leads to an unsafe incident.
Most gay men do eventually seek a permanent, faithful relation- ship.
Most gay men prefer to be with guys around their old age.
Most gay men worship the youthful muscularity of younger men.
Some gay men dislike drag queens, and some dislike effeminate fags .
Some gay men form couples in which sex plays little or nor part.
Some gay men have problems with condoms.
Most gay partners have their own jobs, and hence their own health insurance, anyway.
Gay people are located in closets.
All gay people are promiscuous.
Many gay people are still at very basic levels of self-acceptance.
Many gay people describe how important it is to first tell someone outside the family.
Many gay people drop out of team sports because of the homophobia.
Many gay people go through life trying to deny their true selves because they fear rejection.
Many gay people have faith issues.
Many gay people raise children, alone or with partners.
Many gay people try to hide their gay identity to avoid assault and other types of discrimination.
Most gay people go through the same approach and courtship rituals that straight people do.
Most gay people live good lives.
Most gay people take their sexuality to be fairly fixed, something which is unlikely to change.
Some gay people live straight lifestyles because they believe being gay is a sin.
Many gay persons feel they are outcasts or alien to their family.
All gay personals go here.
Many gay students do manage to overcome the abuse with a little help.
Some gay students say that they practice safe sex and know others who say they do as well.
Most gay teens report being harassed by their peers.
Most gay youths grow up in a family that is either moderate or conservative in nature.
Some gay youth are able to come out to their families.
A gay is a person
Gays already have civil rights.
Gays are a lot more like everybody else than gays or straights want to admit.
Gays are a special subsection of the anti-republican coalition.
Gays are also often the victims of police brutality and harassment.
Gays are an unacceptable part of our society.
Gays are effeminate.
Gays are every bit as likely as heterosexuals to be good parents, they argue.
Gays are everyday people like everyone else.
Gays are everywhere .
Gays are evil.
Gays are free to marry someone of the opposite sex.
Gays are funny.
Gays are happy, normal people.
Gays are highly organized.
Gays are homos.
Gays are homosexuals.
Gays are human beings.
Gays are in fear all the time.
Gays are individuals with different attitudes and different levels of sexuality.
Gays are lower than the animals.
Gays are now no different than people born black or Hispanic or physically challenged.
Gays are of still another.
Gays are parents, single people, married people, and clergy.
Gays are pedophiles.
Gays are the individuals who are now being discriminated against.
Gays call for the right to form legally recognised unions.
Gays can change their sexual orientation.
Gays can serve without harming unit cohesion.
Gays come in as many different shapes, colors, and sizes as do heterosexuals.
Gays continue to be proud of who they are through organized parades and rallies.
Gays fight back for the first time when police try to raid a gay bar.
Gays get what they deserve.
Gays hate child molesters as much as straights do.
Gays hate straights.
Gays have a community feeling, which is much more tribal than the straight scene.
Gays have much more opportunities for sex.
Gays have the right to be gay.
Gays have the same problems with some of our more colorful brethren.
Gays look and act like everyone else in society.
Gays make bad role models .
Gays make heterosexuals nervous.
Gays make up a very large percentage of the population as do Ethnic groups.
Gays portrait it.
Gays practice a healthy lifestyle.
Gays recruit boys and other men into gay life.
Gays see another motive.
Gays seem to develop the sexual orientation first, then the love follows.
Gays stick together and are easy to spot.
Gays tend to be well-educated and articulate.
Gays tend to use the left hand end of the beach close to the rocks.
Gays often work hard to prove they are as valuable as their straight counterparts.
All gays cruise.
Any gay owned or gay friendly business can participate in our sponsorship program.
Many gays argue that homosexual sex is justified by genetics.
Many gays believe sexual orientation is defined at birth.
Many gays come here to meet their friends or to make new friends.
Most gays know at a very young age they are attracted to the same sex.
Most gays reach a lavender ceiling.
Some gays can turn straight, survey says.
Some gays can turn straiht, survey says.
Some gays say they are being exposed to slurs and threats of violence.
Gayals are essentially inhabitants of hill-forests.
Gayals are left in the forest, where they usually stay within a small perimeter.
Gays males tend to be less combative than straight ones.
A gazania is a flower
Gazanias are flowers.
Gazanias are plants.
Gazanias are sun worshippers, and they close up at night and on very cloudy days.
Gazanias respond well to a spring application of a complete, slow release fertilizer.
Gaze information plays an important role in identifying a person's focus of attention.
Gaze stability relates to the ability to keep the eyes fixed stably on a point.
Gaze isa activity.
A gazebo is a building
Gazebo can return records in any text format.
Gazebo is the rune of trendy little landscaping tricks.
Gazebo is tours and accommodations.
Gazebo observes team tragedies on campus.
Gazebo plans for sale.
Gazebo requires pthreads.
Gazebo sets the nostalgic tone.
Gazebos are buildings.
Gazebos are small buildings.
Every gazebo boasts expert craftsmanship and design.
A gazelle is an antelope
Gazelle isa antelope.
Gazelles are animals.
Gazelles are antelopes.
Gazelles are automobiles.
Gazelles are browsers and grazers, feeding on grasses, herbs, and shrubs.
Gazelles are companies.
Gazelles are found all over Africa.
Gazelles are herbivores.
Gazelles are known as fast animals .
Gazelles are known as fast animals.
Gazelles are known as swift animals.
Gazelles are known widely for their unique ways of mobility.
Gazelles are located in deserts.
Gazelles are located in encyclopedias.
Gazelles are located in fear.
Gazelles are located in grass.
Gazelles are located in herds.
Gazelles are located in ivory coasts.
Gazelles are located in open fields.
Gazelles are located in parks.
Gazelles are located in rain.
Gazelles are located in ruts.
Gazelles are located in steppes.
Gazelles are located in stores.
Gazelles are located in television programs.
Gazelles are located in trees.
Gazelles are located in water.
Gazelles are located in wildernesses.
Gazelles are located in zoos.
Gazelles are mammals which are closely related to antelopes .
Gazelles are mammals.
Gazelles are medium sized antelopes.
Gazelles are medium-sized antelopes especially adapted to dry conditions.
Gazelles are medium-sized antelopes found in Africa and in Asia as far east as Mongolia.
Gazelles are medium-sized antelopes that have long, ringed horns.
Gazelles are thin, graceful antelopes that live in Africa and Asia.
Gazelles bend their necks in balletic grace over a waterhole.
Gazelles breed seasonally so that births coicide with grass growth in spring.
Gazelles come from a variety of backgrounds.
Gazelles conserve water by concentrating their urine.
Gazelles constitute much of what cheetahs consume.
Gazelles distinguish themselves from traditional growth companies by the speed of their expansion.
Gazelles eat grass.
Gazelles engage in behavior.
Gazelles engage in stotting or pronking gait when playing or alarmed.
Gazelles exhibit dimorphism.
Gazelles exist in all sectors of industry.
Gazelles follow patterns.
Gazelles has-part eyes.
Gazelles have (part) brains.
Gazelles have (part) breasts.
Gazelles have (part) cannon bones.
Gazelles have (part) cell membranes.
Gazelles have (part) cells.
Gazelles have (part) chest cavities.
Gazelles have (part) chests.
Gazelles have (part) corpi.
Gazelles have (part) cytoplasm.
Gazelles have (part) ears.
Gazelles have (part) faces.
Gazelles have (part) heads.
Gazelles have (part) hip sockets.
Gazelles have (part) hoofs.
Gazelles have (part) nuclei.
Gazelles have (part) piluses.
Gazelles have (part) plasma membranes.
Gazelles have (part) rib cages.
Gazelles have (part) second stomachs.
Gazelles have (part) sections.
Gazelles have (part) skulls.
Gazelles have (part) sterna.
Gazelles have (part) vacuoles.
Gazelles have a slender build with proportionally long necks and legs.
Gazelles have a stiff-legged jump called a stot.
Gazelles have an unusual pronging gait.
Gazelles have antlers.
Gazelles have chamber stomachs.
Gazelles have curve antlers.
Gazelles have different coat colours according to the species.
Gazelles have ears.
Gazelles have flexibility.
Gazelles have glands.
Gazelles have horns.
Gazelles have long tongues.
Gazelles have muscular flexibility.
Gazelles have necks.
Gazelles have patches.
Gazelles have polygynous mating habits.
Gazelles have senses.
Gazelles have sides.
Gazelles have slender necks.
Gazelles have stomachs.
Gazelles have tongues.
Gazelles leap ahead of our van, racing full speed across the savanna.
Gazelles live in Africa and Asia.
Gazelles live in Africa.
Gazelles live in grasslands and sometimes in the deserts also.
Gazelles live in habitats.
Gazelles live in male-led herds, with the size varying with the species.
Gazelles live on african grassland.
Gazelles live on grassland.
Gazelles mark territory.
Gazelles outrun lions.
Gazelles rely on their speed to escape from predators.
Gazelles require water.
Gazelles roam cliffs.
Gazelles roam the craggy cliffs where eagles can be spotted in their nets.
Gazelles run from carnivores.
Gazelles seem to be well adapted physiologically to live in harsh desert extremes.
Gazelles share similarity.
Gazelles survive in deserts.
Gazelles use water.
Gazelles usually occur in dry open country or brushland.
Many gazelle die during winter due to malnutrition.
Many gazelles are in danger of extinction.
Many gazelles are tucker babies.
Many gazelles have lyre-shaped horns, but there is considerable variation among the species.
Most gazelles eat grass.
Most gazelles follow patterns.
Most gazelles has-part eyes.
Most gazelles have antlers.
Most gazelles have chamber stomachs.
Most gazelles have ears.
Most gazelles have flexibility.
Most gazelles have glands.
Most gazelles have horns.
Most gazelles have long tongues.
Most gazelles have muscular flexibility.
Most gazelles have necks.
Most gazelles have patches.
Most gazelles have senses.
Most gazelles have sides.
Most gazelles have slender necks.
Most gazelles have tongues.
Most gazelles live in Africa.
Most gazelles live in habitats.
Most gazelles live in the hot, dry savannas and deserts of Africa and Asia.
Most gazelles live on african grassland.
Most gazelles live on grassland.
Most gazelles require water.
Most gazelles survive in deserts.
Some gazelles become prey.
Some gazelles break vertebrae.
Some gazelles eat shrubs.
Some gazelles feed at nights.
Some gazelles have bands.
Some gazelles have brown stripes.
Some gazelles have desert habitats.
Some gazelles have flank stripes.
Some gazelles have habitats.
Some gazelles have instances.
Some gazelles have pale stripes.
Some gazelles have pedals.
Some gazelles have stripes.
Some gazelles have teenagers.
Some gazelles have white stripes.
Some gazelles live in altitude mountains.
Some gazelles live in areas.
Some gazelles live in countries.
Some gazelles live in low altitude mountains.
Some gazelles live in mountains.
Some gazelles obtain moisture.
Some gazelles offer benefits.
Some gazelles reproduce during years.
Some gazelles require effort.
Some gazelles require muscular effort.
A gazette is a newspaper
Gazette decries poor holiday shopping season and high prices.
Gazettes medarbeidere har spisskompetanse innen ett eller flere fagomr der.
Most gazetted occupations require degree, diploma or trade level qualifications.
A gazetteer is a journalist
Gazetteers are available for locating named features for every country in the world.
Gazetteers are available.
Gazetteers are dictionaries.
Gazetteers are geographic dictionaries useful for locating place names.
Gazetteers are journalists.
Gazetteers are key components of georeferenced information systems.
Gazetteers are part of atlases.
Gazetteers are prepared for maps of foreign areas only.
Gazetteers generally list place-names in alphabetical order.
Some gazetteers give additional information such as derivation of the name.
Some gazetteers offer brief descriptions or notes.
GBIC modules are hot swappable, and host system information regarding the attached networked device.
GC algorithms are also available with good real-time behaviour.
GC experience is an asset.
GC faculty are experts in mathematics, mathematics education and computer science.
GC students find what they re looking for in a business program.
GCommS project looks also into the problem of QoS for multimedia multipeer communication.
GCSE pupils receive a regular subject grading report.
GD.pm patch is also available.
GEs are very good but many people attribute all kinds of incredible catches to the radio itself.
A gear case is a casing
Gear cases have an interesting history.
All gear heads offer high precision, low backlash and high efficiency.
Some gear levers are part of ambulances.
Some gear levers are part of automobiles.
Some gear levers are part of autos.
Some gear levers are part of cars.
Some gear levers are part of dumpers.
Some gear levers are part of go-karts.
Some gear levers are part of motorbikes.
Some gear levers are part of pickups.
Some gear levers are part of taxis.
Some gear levers are part of trucks.
Gear motors provide torque.
Most gear motors provide torque.
Gear oil is acidic, motor oil is alkiline.
Gear oil is heavy, and light tan when new.
Gear oil used in hubs is overworked and often neglected.
Gear pumps move fluid based upon the number of gear teeth and the volume spacing between gear teeth.
Gear rack is welded solidly to the back of the column.
Gear ratio can also determine how much fuel the car uses.
Gear ratio is designed to maximize rotation speed there by providing fast reefing.
Gear ratio is the number of times the spool rotates for each handle turn.
Gear ratios are infinitely variable from full speed reverse to full speed forward.
Gear ratios are ratios.
Gear ratios provide proper balance between weight-moving ability and speed of movement.
Gear ratios shown are approximate.
Gear ratio's to order.
Gear shift handle now is curved instead of straight.
Gear teeth provide a natural stimulus for certain proximity sensors.
Gear teeth wear occurs on the pressure face of each tooth only.
Gear trains deliver the usefull work away from the rotor to power other devices.
All gear units have an integrated hydraulic servo system to operate a controllable pitch propeller.
Gear also calls for cuts in tertiary education, building houses, and general social spending.
Gear becomes more of an issue during the winter season.
Gear belay on a small ledge.
Gear breaks down.
Gear can include fishing lines, nets, gill nets and a variety of hooks.
Gear can turn a narrow specialist into a moonlighting hitter or blocker.
Gear check available.
Gear comes in many forms.
Gear continues to improve in performance and drop in weight and price.
Gear designed for children is also important to consider.
Gear drive timing set.
Gear drive with speed reducer.
Gear drives Identify common gears.
Gear has (part) bases.
Gear has (part) sections.
Gear hire and lessons available.
Gear hire, full snorkeling gear to scuba gear available.
Gear hire, student prices and concession cards available.
Gear hooks all around the inside railings, two cushioned chairs.
Gear immediately pounces on Austin and the two go at each other.
Gear includes a properly fitting helmet, elbow pads, knee and wrist pads.
Gear includes amps,guitars,and basses,etc.
Gear includes camping, boating,fishing flying, and hunting.
Gear includes mask, fins, snorkel and also a floatation device.
Gear invites international orders.
Gear is a bosses program.
Gear is a common term used to refer to skydiving equipment in general.
Gear is a different story.
GEAR is a privately-held company headquartered in Jupiter, Florida.
Gear is a very important of being a successful sniper.
Gear is a wheel
Gear is aimed at a primarily youthful, sophisticated male audience.
Gear is also a factor.
Gear is also the author of The Way of Spider and People of the Silence.
Gear is another matter.
Gear is available for rental.
Gear is available to make the logger's job a little safer.
Gear is available to rent.
Gear is devices.
Gear is different than clothes.
Gear is equipment.
Gear is expensive to replace as all musicians know.
Gear is gear.
Gear is good.
Gear is great at any age.
GEAR is in jeopardy.
Gear is included.
GEAR is intended to push growth by emphasizing labour market flexibility, among other things.
Gear is laid out on a tarp to avoid getting dirty prior to use.
Gear is lighter yet stronger.
Gear is located in cars.
Gear is located with outer side of ring.
Gear is located with the inner side of ring.
Gear is maintained and crews are trained for action, ready when the fish bite.
Gear is mechanisms.
Gear is needed to get to the outskirts of the deployment and test.
Gear is now sporty, light and comfortable for the fashion-conscious cyclist.
Gear is of the utmost importance.
GEAR is one of the nation's largest apparel manufacturers specializing in corporate fashions.
Gear is our word for any piece of cool electronic equipment - a cool computer is gear.
Gear is packed into watertight bags.
Gear is part of automobiles.
Gear is patches, screaming letters, bright colors, wild slogans and advertisements.
Gear is provided at no extra charge, and boat costs vary with the distance and time involved.
Gear is provided, individuals or groups, flexible times.
Gear is provided.
Gear is relatively cheap and demand for near-shore fish is high.
Gear is required at all times in the park.
Gear is required.
Gear is simple.
Gear is supplied.
Gear is that trap.
Gear is the government's strategy to increase bosses profits, or economic growth, as they call it.
Gear is the place to go.
Gear is the smartest and most irreverent men's magazine in America.
Gear is transported by truck between camps and two-person tents are provided for use on the ride.
Gear is unloaded by reaching from the deck of the chickee, into the kayak.
Gear is used many times, and maintenance is ongoing.
Gear is visible and easier to find and pack.
Gear is wheels.
Gear is widely available in Kathmandu.
Gear isa equipment.
Gear isa wheel.
Gear loops Harnesses vary in the placement and number of gear loops they offer.
GEAR means that townships have remained devoid of greenery and parks.
Gear offered for rental include tents, backpacks, and sleeping bags.
Gear only goes so far .
Gear provided includes kayak, paddles and life vests.
Gear pump and valve unit.
Gear pump for high viscosity materials.
GEAR remains our guiding macro framework.
Gear reviews most welcome.
Gear shifter handle The leather strap is doubled.
Gear shifter is now straight instead of crooked.
Gear solutes four, slightly nutty guys who bucked the system.
GEAR supports most drives on the market.
Gear uses power.
Gears allows the cyclist to change that ratio.
Gears are a form of the wheel and axle.
Gears are a low carbon steel.
Gears are a modified or special Wheel and Axle.
Gears are all fine.
Gears are everywhere where there are engines and motors producing rotational motion.
Gears are great.
Gears are larger for added strength and reliability.
Gears are laser cut and all parts are tig welded together. .
Gears are more reliable, belts are the cheapest and easiest but can slip.
Gears are on the driver's right, and the handbrake on the left.
Gears are tangible for young students.
Gears are usually the most noticeably worn part of a used gear pump.
Gears are very complex animals from a vibration standpoint.
Gears are well suited to powder metal production.
Gears are wheels with teeth.
Gears can also convert rotary motion to linear motion by meshing with a toothed bar called a rack.
Gears can change the direction of the rotating parts and can change the form of mechanical motion.
Gears can transfer effort from one place to another.
Gears come in many shapes and sizes.
Gears Connect the motor to the piston.
Gears course toward 'real-world' managers.
Gears ground back onto the lonely road as the tires resumed complaining.
Gears make much of our manufactured world go round.
Gears make things move, and are an indispensible part of any mechanical device, real or imagined.
Gears manufactured are usually straight spur gears, and some have internal splines.
Gears mesh more effortlessly.
Gears move appropriately, there are spinning turbine engines and the flaps move very convincingly.
Gears rebuilt, replaced, exchanged.
Gears refer to the chainrings on the front and the back.
Gears run cooler and last longer.
Gears run smoother, quieter, cooler and longer without overhauls.
Gears serve to increase or decrease torque.
Gears transfer torque and power and can provide the vehicle with changes in speed and direction.
Gears typically transmit position with much higher fidelity than force.
Gears always work in pairs.
All gear including lifejackets is supplied.
All gear is available for rental packaging.
All gear is available for students to use free of charge.
All gear is carried in the canoes and camps are erected on islands in the river along the way.
All gear is carried in the canoes.
All gear is carried on oar powered gear rafts downriver each day.
All gear is checked before each trip and subject to a preventive maintenance program.
All gear is checked with special emphasis on flares, survival radio, and flashlight.
All gear is first rate state of the art equipment.
All gear is in excellent working condition.
All gear is included in the price of the course.
All gear is included.
All gear is inspected before any type of rigging work is done.
All gear is mandatory.
All gear is provided including wetsuits.
All gear is provided, including rod, reel, bait, and lures.
All gear is provided.
All gear is serviced regularly.
All gear is spot packed to the camp.
All gear is supplied.
All gear needs to be returned clean and dry.
All gears are case hardened and ground form and are checked for correctness by a comparator.
All gears are ground and honed for smooth, quiet operation.
All gears are in full force.
All gears are machine cut and simplicity and durability are considered in every detail.
All gears are metal for precision and long life and can be serviced easily for a lifetime.
All gears rotate on needle bearings about hardened and ground journal pins.
More gear equals more fun.
More gears mean a higher rating.
Most gear used in lake fishing is the same as that used on rivers.
Most gear uses power.
Most gears have a ridge around the outside that can be shaved down to make more room.
Most gears start as a piece of alloy steel bar stock.
Some gear includes wheels.
Some gear is available.
Some gear is more durable than others.
Some gear is needed ashore before work can be completed.
Some gear is provided.
Some gears are easier to shift than others.
Some Gears have specialized systems for use in water and other environments.
Some gears require more effort, but they make the bicycle travel faster on flat terrain.
A gearbox is a casing
Gearboxes feature a split gearcase configuration to simplify major overhaul operations.
Gearboxes provide a means to obtain significant performance improvement over direct drive.
Gearboxs are part of transmissions.
Gearboxs are shells.
All gearboxes appear to be in good shape.
All gearboxes are the standard factory designed and built units.
Geared reels have a Three to One ratio.
Gearhead entities publish and promote technical content for computer engineers and developers.
Gearing is part of engines.
Gearshifts are via a pneumatic shift system.
A gecko is a lizard
Gecko also facilitates designing for alternative browsing devices, such as set-top boxes.
Gecko can do a lot of stuff, and it does it the Right Way too.
Gecko features industry-leading Internet standards support.
Gecko fits on a single floppy disk.
Gecko have millions of microscopic hairs on the bottom of their feet that function as an adhesive.
Gecko is also amazingly quick.
Gecko is an embeddable component .
Gecko is an evolutionary leap in browser technology.
Gecko is awesome.
Gecko is continously under development at mozilla.org.
Gecko is far beyond that point in many respects.
Gecko is just the layout engine.
Gecko is known to have some debug-only calls that are slow.
Gecko is open source, which means that individual developers can tailor it to their own use.
Gecko is the technology that speeds up the display of Web pages.
Gecko is very high performance, which enables the creation of extremely fast Internet clients.
Gecko is very small and modular yet delivers rich functionality.
Gecko isa lizard.
Gecko works with all leading Internet standards.
Geckoes are small lizard-like animals which produce a loud crocking noise.
Geckos adapt coloration.
Geckos also live in trees.
Geckos are a godsend in the tropical regions.
Geckos are also common here.
Geckos are also the only type of lizard to make barking, squeaking, clicking, or chuckling sounds.
Geckos are also to be found in grasslands.
Geckos are an exception regarding housing.
Geckos are believed to be the only lizards that call.
Geckos are carnivorous reptiles so the diet of the gecko is based on meat from other animals .
Geckos are carnivorous.
Geckos are common worldwide in warm climates, and have large heads and short, stout bodies.
Geckos are escape artists.
Geckos are excellent climbers.
Geckos are generally hardy and fairly easy to maintain in captivity.
Geckos are known for their remarkably adhesive feet.
Geckos are lizards that can run rapidly up walls and even upside down on polished glass.
Geckos are lizards.
Geckos are mostly active spring through fall and frequent lighted areas- windows, porch lights, etc.
Geckos are nocturnal, being most active during the evening and nighttime hours.
Geckos are quite vocal making sounds that range from quiet chirping to loud barking.
Geckos are reptiles.
Geckos are small lizards that are considered to be good luck and friendly creatures.
Geckos are small lizards, usually about three to six inches long.
Geckos are small, fragile lizards.
Geckos are small, insect-eating, and often very noisy creatures that have become popular pets.
Geckos are small, tropical insectivorous lizards.
Geckos are software.
Geckos are sort of like kittens.
Geckos are superb wall-crawlers.
Geckos are the only lizards that can produce more than a hiss or other simple sound.
Geckos are the only lizards that have a voice.
Geckos are the pet of choice when dealing with such pests.
Geckos are very vocal.
Geckos are within the reptile family.
Geckos are, in fact, reptiles.
Geckos can even stick to polished glass.
Geckos can live in a variety of habitats.
Geckos can vary in color depending on species.
Geckos catch insects.
Geckos clean the shields covering their eyes by licking it with their tongue.
Geckos close eyes.
Geckos come in a variety of colors, for genetics and other different reasons.
Geckos commonly use poorly sealed gaps around the home exterior as hiding places during the day.
Geckos consume large meals.
Geckos consume meals.
Geckos drink water.
Geckos eat bugs.
Geckos eat insects and, aside from the occasional gecko dropping, they're good company.
Geckos eat insects.
Geckos eat moths.
Geckos eat spiders.
Geckos escape predators.
Geckos feed on insects and lick moisture off their bodies as it condenses from the fog.
Geckos feed on insects.
Geckos hatch from eggs.
Geckos have (part) brains.
Geckos have (part) breasts.
Geckos have (part) cell membranes.
Geckos have (part) cells.
Geckos have (part) chest cavities.
Geckos have (part) chests.
Geckos have (part) corpi.
Geckos have (part) cytoplasm.
Geckos have (part) ears.
Geckos have (part) faces.
Geckos have (part) heads.
Geckos have (part) nuclei.
Geckos have (part) pedal extremities.
Geckos have (part) plasma membranes.
Geckos have (part) rib cages.
Geckos have (part) sections.
Geckos have (part) skulls.
Geckos have (part) sterna.
Geckos have (part) vacuoles.
Geckos have (part) vertebrate feet.
Geckos have a somewhat similar strategy.
Geckos have an incredible ability to stick to surfaces.
Geckos have backbones and are reptiles.
Geckos have body shapes.
Geckos have complex agonistic displays using visual and acoustic channels.
Geckos have fat tails.
Geckos have features.
Geckos have feet.
Geckos have heads.
Geckos have no eyelids .
Geckos have no eyelids.
Geckos have relatively good hearing when compared to other lizards.
Geckos have scaly skin that feels silky and looks one size too large, and stout legs.
Geckos have senses.
Geckos have shapes.
Geckos have short, wide, fleshy toes with large, backward-curved claws.
Geckos have skin.
Geckos have small round bodies, with two pairs of legs.
Geckos have some intriguing reproductive habits.
Geckos have sticky feet.
Geckos have stripes.
Geckos have tails.
Geckos have the ability to shed their tails in the event of an attack.
Geckos have the most highly developed hearing of any of the lizards.
Geckos have thick skin.
Geckos have toes.
Geckos have white stripes.
Geckos inhabit arid regions.
Geckos inhabit regions.
Geckos is the perfect meeting place for a business lunch or gathering of friends.
Geckos lay clutches of two eggs throughout the year.
Geckos like to hunt down insects, but also love sweet fruits.
Geckos live in areas.
Geckos live in habitats.
Geckos live in many different habitats, due to their overwhelming variety.
Geckos live in same areas.
Geckos live in same general areas.
Geckos living with cagemates are always prone to wounds from biting or scratching.
Geckos love to eat bugs.
Geckos lurking under the eaves of a house in Garland await their evening meal of insects.
Geckos make two distinct noises.
Geckos need fresh water.
Geckos need water.
Geckos occupy different habitats.
Geckos occupy habitats.
Geckos occupy ranges.
Geckos occur in various patterns and colors, and are among the most colorful lizards in the world.
Geckos open mouths.
Geckos prey on prey.
Geckos reach maturity.
Geckos reach sexual maturity.
Geckos regenerate tails.
Geckos regrow replacement tails.
Geckos regrow tails.
Geckos require humidity.
Geckos seek shelter.
Geckos shed skin.
Geckos show up in names of numerous businesses.
Geckos skitter through walls, on ceilings, sometimes over limbs.
Geckos start small when babies, no bigger than a quarter.
Geckos store fat in their tails, which like most desert lizards break away then grows back.
Geckos tend to be more agonistic when crunched together in a small cage.
Geckos tend to have the same style of diet, feeding on small insects such as cockroaches and worms.
Geckos tend to live in tropical and subtropical climates.
All geckos can bite and tame ones like humans.
All geckos shed their skin at fairly regular intervals, with species differing in timing and method.
All geckos start out as hatching's.
Every gecko is a lizard.
Many geckos have a voice.
Many geckos live in desert.
Most geckoes are night geckoes and have drab colored skin, but day geckoes have light colored skin.
Most geckos also possess small claws.
Most geckos are active during the night and sleep during the day.
Most geckos are oviparous, meaning they reproduce by laying eggs.
Most geckos consume large meals.
Most geckos drink water.
Most geckos eat bugs.
Most geckos eat insects.
Most geckos eat moths.
Most geckos eat spiders.
Most geckos escape predators.
Most geckos feed on insects.
Most geckos have body shapes.
Most geckos have fat tails.
Most geckos have features.
Most geckos have feet.
Most geckos have heads.
Most geckos have senses.
Most geckos have shapes.
Most geckos have skin.
Most geckos have sticky feet.
Most geckos have stripes.
Most geckos have tails.
Most geckos have thick skin.
Most geckos have toes.
Most geckos have white stripes.
Most geckos inhabit arid regions.
Most geckos inhabit regions.
Most geckos lack movable eyelids.
Most geckos live for about four to ten years.
Most geckos live in areas.
Most geckos live in habitats.
Most geckos live in same areas.
Most geckos live in same general areas.
Most geckos occupy different habitats.
Most geckos occupy habitats.
Most geckos occupy ranges.
Most geckos prey on prey.
Most geckos reach maturity.
Most geckos reach sexual maturity.
Most geckos regrow replacement tails.
Most geckos regrow tails.
Most geckos require humidity.
Most geckos require ultraviolet lighting to maintain good health.
Most geckos seek shelter.
Most geckos shed skin.
Some geckos bite one legs.
Some geckos consume fruit.
Some geckos consume prey.
Some geckos consume sand.
Some geckos consume vertebrate prey.
Some geckos drop tails.
Some geckos eat crickets.
Some geckos eat substrate.
Some geckos emerge at nights.
Some geckos enjoy diets.
Some geckos excrete liquids.
Some geckos excrete smell liquids.
Some geckos experience breathe problems.
Some geckos experience problems.
Some geckos experience severe breathe problems.
Some geckos experience severe problems.
Some geckos feed on crickets.
Some geckos have bands.
Some geckos have capability.
Some geckos have different eat habits.
Some geckos have eyelids.
Some geckos have habits.
Some geckos have infection.
Some geckos have movable eyelids.
Some geckos have problems.
Some geckos have respiratory infection.
Some geckos have superior capability.
Some geckos live in grasslands.
Some geckos live in planets.
Some geckos live in rainforests.
Some geckos regurgitate food.
Some geckos require light.
Gee isa unit.
Geek chic is kaput.
Geek fashion is a strange thing.
Geek girls stick together, and look for themselves in their entertainment.
Most geek girls have low-maintenance appearances.
Geek guys are the best.
A geek is a person
Geek continues to be busy with a real life, but manages to help out greatly with PR and publicity.
Geeks also have a choice of two different t-shirts.
Geeks are basically spods who have developed an eccentric and random sideline.
Geeks are brainy misfits who live outside of social norms.
Geeks are cool.
Geeks are craftspeople, absorbed in their work.
Geeks are dorky enough to be on the outside, but mainstream enough to deliver their message.
Geeks are everywhere in society now, holding positions of power and respect.
Geeks are everywhere.
Geeks are generally social outcasts from mainstream america.
Geeks are generally social outcasts from mainstream America.
Geeks are located in carnivals.
Geeks are located in internet cafes.
Geeks are now happy and in touch.
Geeks are people, too.
Geeks are performers.
Geeks are proud, able and competent.
Geeks are quite social, they just have a different set of priorities.
Geeks are sensitive and caring lovers and husbands.
Geeks are the new media darlings.
Geeks are too arithmetical.
Geeks can also amuse themselves by scrutinizing the movie for technical errors.
Geeks can be meek.
Geeks can be sexy too.
Geeks come in many different flavours.
Geeks come in many different types of dress.
Geeks come in many flavors.
Geeks come in many shapes and sizes.
Geeks do their homework.
Geeks drink too.
Geeks feed the poets.
Geeks find the way.
Geeks have a creative, playful, and enjoyable relationship with technology.
Geeks have the Geek Code, cats have the Cat Code, and now hamsters have the Hamster Code.
Geeks have their own Web sites and even their own version of a pin-up.
Geeks is their story.
Geeks know how to have a good time, they say.
Geeks lurk in all shadows.
Geeks make music.
Geeks never get a date.
Geeks never get dates.
Geeks now operates from multiple offices and offers a toll-free, nationwide phone line.
Geeks play a significant role in the new economy.
Geeks prefer to be entertained rather than stimulated.
Geeks prefer to socialize with other geeks, the self proclaimed weird.
Geeks remember what it's like to be marginalized, therefore maintaining their humility.
Geeks say 'the body text is indented' to highlight the structure of the algorithm.
Geeks see everything.
Geeks tend to be quite private people who like to rock things behind the scenes.
Geeks tend to like brainy weird stuff.
Geeks tend to live at the far edge of the bell curve.
Geeks tend to think they're the coolest things around.
Geeks tend to understand obsolescence and have a bit more of a cynical streak.
Geeks understand and use terms like sic and paradigm in everyday conversations.
Geeks usually consume food.
Geeks usually present an extreme appearance.
All geeks are by no means alike, but most have brushed against some form of rejection.
All geeks have a varying amount of education.
Most geeks have a scar or two from slicing a finger inside a low quality case.
Most geeks identify themselves by their use of computers and computer networks.
Most geeks make terrible project managers.
Some geeks just have to much time on their hands.
Some geeks turn to rock to vent their frustrations at the world.
Geese Geese are well-known birds.
Most geese visit lakes.
Geez people lighten up.
Geez terry get a clue.
A geezer is a man
Geezers are men.
Geezers are people.
Geezers have moral courage.
Geezers have their say.
A geisha is a woman
Most geisha have patrons, yes, for economic as well as emotional reasons.
Gel batteries are popular, especially in the marine sector.
Gel batteries are stable at any angle and immersed.
Gel cell batteries use acid.
Gel cell batteries use battery acid.
Gel cells are different, for sure.
Gel cells are on either side, the charge controller is located in the middle.
Gel cells are particularly vulnerable to overheating damage.
Gel cells combine sulfuric acid with silica to form a gelatinous consistency between the plates.
Gel coat is molded into the non-skid areas.
Gel coats are special polyester resins which are generally used on both part and mold surfaces.
Gel electrophoresis is a process that separates molecules on the basis of their size.
Gel electrophoresis is a technique used for the separation of nucleic acids and proteins.
Gel electrophoresis is especially useful as an analytical method.
Gel electrophoresis is essential to the field of recombinant DNA technology.
Gel electrophoresis is used to determine the size of the digested pieces.
Gel electrophoresis is used to provide genetic information in a wide range of fields.
Gel electrophoresis separates molecules of DNA on the basis of a. size.
Gel electrophoresis separates pieces by size.
Gel ink gives writers the best of both ball pens and fountain pens in a better product than either.
Gel ink means a solid, effortless line until all the ink is gone.
Gel pens are also very popular and make writing more fun.
Gel pens are great, and they're creative, and they're motivators.
Gel pens are pens.
Gel pens write more smoothly and evenly.
A gel is a membrane
Gel contains high numbers.
Gel electrophoresisallows students to separate dyes based on electric charge and mass.
Gel isa colloid.
Gel set by surface cooling, extrusion, and film pressing are the three processes of interest.
Gel simply becomes liquid as it rises in temperature.
Gel spotting occurs when a partially gelled coating is applied to the substrate.
Gels are a bad idea also.
Gels are also flexible and can be formed into sleeves for fluorescent tubes.
Gels are colloids.
Gels are convenient to use, but are also the most expensive option.
Gels are lighter and good for warm weather.
Gels are located in bathrooms.
Gels are located in refrigerators.
Gels are located in stores.
Gels are located in tubes.
Gels are oddly lifelike substances somewhere between a solid and a liquid.
Gels are one of the newest types of sports available.
Gels are plastic strips that attach via bulldog style clips to the light's barndoors.
Gels are suspensions.
Gels are used for hair stylings.
Gels are used for hair.
Gels are used for lubrication.
Gels are used for soap.
Gels are used for toothpastes.
Gels are very good for infants and toddlers, since no chewing is required.
Gels are water-based substances thickened without oil or fat.
Gels can give drugs a timely release.
Gels can vary in size.
Gels come in a wide variety of colors and are made from different strengths of transparent plastic.
Gels contain alcohol.
Gels give hair shine and control.
Gels have antibacterial properties.
Gels have applications.
Gels have properties.
Gels run best with cold buffer.
Gels tend to feel refreshing, because of their high water content, but some rub off very easily.
Gels tend to heave up during electrophoresis which gives the wells a scalloped appearance.
Gels use for purposes.
Gels use silica as an abrasive to help polish teeth.
Gels used in nucleic acid separation are matrices of agarose or polyacrylamide.
Gels work well for oily skin or when working and sweating.
All gels are divided into lanes that run parallel through the gel.
All gels are heat resistant, professional grade. .
All gels used are from natural plant sources.
Most gels contain alcohol.
Most gels contain simple sugars, as well as electrolytes and often caffeine .
Most gels have antibacterial properties.
Most gels have applications.
Most gels have properties.
Most gels use for purposes.
Some gel manicures use LED light to the same end, but the UV version is more common.
Some gels absorb moisture.
Some gels are even available pre-colored in pouches.
Some gels are produced by aloes.
Some gels are toxic and corrosive and can even present waste disposal problems.
Some gels cause headaches.
Some gels consist of crude fiber.
Some gels consist of fiber.
Some gels contain formaldehyde.
Some gels contain heat.
Some gels contain oil.
Some gels fill retinas.
Some gels have distribution.
Some gels have water.
Some gels help burns.
Some gels help effects.
Some gels help sebums.
Some gels improve performance.
Some gels kill bacteria.
Some gels perform functions.
Some gels perform several beneficial functions.
Some gels reduce damage.
Some gels reduce muscle damage.
Gelastic seizures are both unpredictable and unprovoked by the person's surroundings.
Gelatin capsules are most effective when taken in a liquid form.
Gelatin capsules are tasteless and efficiently hide the odor and taste of contents.
Gelatin capsules contain mg.
Most gelatin capsules contain mg.
Some gelatin capsules contain edible ink.
Some gelatin capsules contain ink.
Some gelatin capsules contain nylon string.
Some gelatin capsules contain string.
Gelatin dessert is jelly
Gelatin dessert looks like women's breasts.
Gelatin protein is insoluble.
Gelatin silver prints in two albums.
Gelatin behaves like collagen.
Gelatin capsules in various colors, taken by mouth.
Gelatin contains acid.
Gelatin contains amino acid.
Gelatin floats water droplets in a protein.
Gelatin has (part) atoms.
Gelatin has (part) chemical chain.
Gelatin has (part) chemical groups.
Gelatin has sugar.
Gelatin is a membrane
Gelatin is membranes.
Gelatin is polymers.
Gelatin is proteins.
Gelatin isa protein.
Gelatin salads too.
Gelatin sets more quickly when a dash of salt is added.
Gelatins are modified beef collagens.
Gelatins setting power has to do with the density of the liquid being set.
All gelatin is collagen, whether it is extracted from the shin, bone or connective tissue.
Most gelatin contains acid.
Most gelatin contains amino acid.
Most gelatin has sugar.
Some gelatin derives from seaweed.
Some gelatin has proteins.
Some gelatin helps food.
A gelatine is a simple protein
Gelatine is made from animal ligaments, tendons, bones etc. which have been boiled in water.
Gelatine is made from animals used for food.
Gelatine is obtained by hydrolysis of collagen by boiling skin, ligaments, tendons, etc.
Gelatinized starch refers to starch softened by boiling.
Gelatinous animals are opportunists that can quickly overwhelm an area.
Gelatinous animals inhabit all marine habitats, and even some freshwater ones.
Gelatinous animals play a key role in the Arctic food web.
Many gelatinous animals are also bioluminescent.
Gelatinous bunnies are no kind of funnies, back-stroking in brothy burgoo.
Gelatinous coating helps seeds stick to fur and clothing when wet.
Many gelatinous molluscs use copulatory organs for internal fertilization.
Gelatinous species are voracious feeders.
A gelding is a male horse
Gelding includes any procedure having the effect of castration.
Gelding makes a male horse suitable for a greater range of uses.
Geldings are eunuchs.
Geldings are generally much easier to handle as well as being more enjoyable, agreeable companions.
Geldings are horses.
Geldings are males that have been castrated.
Geldings are often quieter and more consistent but more difficult to show in halter classes.
Geldings are safer to handle and present fewer management problems.
Geldings are the most dependable, but some mares are fine as well.
Geldings are the most even-tempered.
Geldings are usually more even- tempered than mares or stallions.
Geldings have a tendency to fight less with other horses.
Geldings make the best pets and companions.
Geldings make the best pets.
Geldings seem to be affected more frequently than stallions or mares.
Geldings seem to flehmen the least.
Gelhausen number is up again.
Gelkie soils are on fans, terraces, mountainsides, and glacial moraines.
Gelkie soils are on glacial moraines, outwash fans, mountainsides, and high terraces.
Gem art is a world in itself.
Gem business is family heirloom.
Gem cutting is a well-developed light industry.
Gem diols are unstable.
Gem finish is applied by traditional pool-plastering methods.
Gem materials exhibit characteristic refractive indexes which vary from species to species.
Gem materials vary in the quality of the light they can refract.
Gem medicines are perhaps the first truly non-chemical energy medicine to be invented by man.
Gem merchants come from all over the world to display their goods.
Gem minerals are usually crystal.
Most gem stones are hard minerals.
Some gem stones are radioactive.
A gem is art
GEM allows the host to be notified when a collection event occurs.
GEM allows the host to be notified when alarm conditions are detected and cleared.
GEM builds a profile from the data and asks the employee to take a technology challenge.
GEM continues to lead the industry with independent distribution of our products in North America.
GEM delivers instant acceleration.
GEM faces challenges.
GEM involves one MSc student, and has been published.
GEM is open to companies from all industies and of all sizes.
GEM offers educational services to women organizing in grassroots sectors.
GEM provides a flexible workflow approach based on a matrix of files, functions and privileges.
GEM provides an alternative avenue for emerging companies to raise funds for business development.
GEM provides free brochures and bookmarks for Consortium members to share with their users.
GEM provides infrastructure services that allow market designers to focus solely on market-issues.
GEM provides the link to the funding.
GEM works like the card catalog system in a library.
Gems add a unique richness to the art on crosses, manuscript covers and stafls.
GEMs also automates the production of customer statements and all customer contact letters.
Gems appear before their eyes as they learn the techniques of historical gem mining.
Gems appear suspended in mid-air when strung on clear nylon cord.
Gems are a special subgroup of highly prized minerals.
Gems are actually a subset of minerals, which are common building blocks of all of Idaho's rocks.
Gems are also sometimes available.
Gems are an enhancement that one can add to one's own daily meditative practices.
Gems are an important part of jewelry.
Gems are art.
Gems are crystal.
Gems are few and far between on the Internet.
Gems are forms of mineral crystals that either appear in nature or are faceted or shaped by humans.
Gems are just another item on the list.
Gems are minerals that occur in nature.
Gems are minerals.
Gems are most effective when they more than two carats and are worn in contact with the skin.
Gems are only a small part of the collection.
Gems are part of jewelry.
Gems are precious stones or items containing precious stones.
Gems are precious, friendship is priceless.
Gems are similar to a lightning rod.
Gems are stones.
Gems are the flowers of the mineral kingdom.
Gems are the manifestation of cosmic light.
Gems are usually clearer, rarer, and more beautiful than other minerals.
Gems are wonderful creations of nature.
Gems can also form from solution as vein or secondary minerals.
Gems can become diabolic.
GEMs can become part of the checks and balances essential to democracy.
Gems can speak louder than words.
GEMs do however require a little help from government before it can start.
Gems emanate from soldiers' letters home, and, in turn, letters sent to the soldiers.
Gems fade away within the painting.
Gems have a unique spiritual quality.
Gems have an intrinsic beauty and value that can inspire both joy and tragedy.
Gems have both powers to give and take.
Gems have cleavage planes that are much like the grain of wood.
Gems have that special sparkle that dazzles the eye and sets the heart pounding.
Gems have their own power of attracting an individual by their brilliance and beauty.
Gems have wonderful curative and healing powers.
Gems is very worth reading, especially regarding how to structure one's header files.
Gems means any item containing precious or semiprecious stones customarily used in jewelry.
Gems offers extensive engineering support and customizes sensors to fit specific application needs.
Gems produce different effects depending on which item it is placed in.
Gems sparkle from their cases.
Gems take time to find.
All gems are natural and genuine, and are in no way man-made or synthetic.
All gems are natural stones.
All Gems Are Unconditionally Guaranteed.
All GEMs come with computer-override systems, although manual switches are also available.
All gems have their niche that they fulfill and support, in some unique way.
Any gem is a symbol of essence.
Many gems have cleavage planes.
Most gems are minerals but some, notably pearls and amber, are organics.
Most gems are minerals so history of gems is tied in closely to history of minerals.
Most gems are silicates which can be very stable, hard minerals.
Most gems continue to go up in value.
Some gem s with a regular following in the small specialized boutiques.
Some gems add fire damage, while others protect against poison.
Some gems are different colors because their molecules are different colors.
Some gems are hard to find.
Some gems are naturally radioactive.
Some gems have a higher value then others.
A gemfibrozil is medicine
Gemfibrozil belongs to a class of drugs called fibrates.
Gemfibrozil can also cause gastrointestinal disturbances.
Gemfibrozil is a drug used to lower cholesterol and triglycerides in people with high cholesterol .
Gemfibrozil is a fibric acid antilipemic agent similar to clofibrate.
Gemfibrozil is a white solid which is stable under ordinary conditions.
Gemfibrozil is indicated primarily when triglycerides are elevated.
Gemfibrozil is only part of a total cholesterol-lowering program.
Gemfibrozil is related to clofibrate, which has been associated with gallbladder disease.
Gemfibrozil is the drug of choice for therapy.
Gemfibrozil potentiates the action of coumarin and indanedione anticoagulants.
Gemfibrozils are drugs.
A gemination is repetition
Gemination is the budding of a second tooth from one tooth germ.
Gemini pets are curious, friendly and loaded with energy.
Gemini pets are fickle but fun.
Gemini pets are most talkative and love to learn tricks.
Gemini women are brilliant, sporty, well-informed, dynamic and pleasant.
Geminid meteors are rapid and yellowish.
A gemma is a reproductive structure
Gemma are tiny, lens-shaped pieces of tissue that become detached from the thallus.
Gemma give rise to an indi- vidual identical with the parent.
Gemma is a stunning lady with long silky hair.
Gemma is concerned with constructed photography and contrived reality.
Gemma is the most recent addition to the newsroom.
Gemma looks up to see people begin to sing and dance.
Gemma moves up to chairman of the company.
Gemma plans to build an army of ninjas.
Gemma says nothing for a long time.
Gemma understands how to identify the keys to project success for all participants.
Gemmae are asexual propagules that are formed in gemmae cups and splashed out by the rain.
Gemmae are frequently wine red to dark brick red.
Gemmae germinate directly into new gametophytes.
Gemmules are capable of attaching to a substratum and generating a new sponge.
Gemmules are special structures that are found in sea sponges.
Gemological expertise permits to identify the gem stone.
Gemplus customers get product support and updates on order status in real time.
Gemplus solutions create customer satisfaction and competitive advantage.
A gemsbok is an antelope
Gemsbok are considered aggressive.
Gemsbok are distributed around deserts, scrublands and brushlands in South Western Africa.
Gemsbok are essentially a species of open, arid country.
Gemsbok are large and graceful antelope.
Gemsbok are masters at water conservation and body heat regulation.
Gemsbok are one of natures unique animals.
Gemsbok are polygynous.
Gemsbok have a horse-like posture and gallop and have muscular necks and shoulders.
Gemsbok have excellent eyesight, hearing and smell.
Gemsbok isa oryx.
Gemsbok occur in mixed herds, nursery herds and solitary, territorial males.
Gemsboks are dry-region roughage eaters, with a great capacity to digest fibre.
Gemsboks are gregarious and sociable animals, spending time on open plains.
Gemsboks are herbivores and grazers and consume mainly tough dry grasses, supplemented with foliage.
Gemsboks are prized for their meat and their horns by many hunters.
Gemsboks are sociable animals, spending time on open plains.
Gemsboks display behavior.
Gemsboks draw moisture from nighttime feeding and dewy morning grazing of succulent plants.
Gemsboks have (part) brains.
Gemsboks have (part) breasts.
Gemsboks have (part) cannon bones.
Gemsboks have (part) cell membranes.
Gemsboks have (part) cells.
Gemsboks have (part) chest cavities.
Gemsboks have (part) chests.
Gemsboks have (part) corpi.
Gemsboks have (part) cytoplasm.
Gemsboks have (part) ears.
Gemsboks have (part) faces.
Gemsboks have (part) heads.
Gemsboks have (part) hip sockets.
Gemsboks have (part) hoofs.
Gemsboks have (part) nuclei.
Gemsboks have (part) piluses.
Gemsboks have (part) plasma membranes.
Gemsboks have (part) rib cages.
Gemsboks have (part) second stomachs.
Gemsboks have (part) sections.
Gemsboks have (part) skulls.
Gemsboks have (part) sterna.
Gemsboks have (part) vacuoles.
Gemsboks have coats.
Gemsboks have habitats.
Gemsboks have muscular necks.
Gemsboks have necks.
Gemsboks maintain body temperature.
Gemsboks maintain temperature.
Most gemsboks display behavior.
Most gemsboks have coats.
Most gemsboks have habitats.
Most gemsboks have muscular necks.
Most gemsboks have necks.
Most gemsboks maintain body temperature.
Most gemsboks maintain temperature.
Some gemsboks come into heat.
Some gemsboks display dietary habits.
Some gemsboks display habits.
Some gemsboks display specific dietary habits.
Some gemsboks eat herbs.
Some gemsboks establish territory.
Some gemsboks feed on leaves.
Some gemsboks feed on nutritious leaves.
Some gemsboks have blood.
Some gemsboks have body length.
Some gemsboks have diets.
Some gemsboks have excellent eyesights.
Some gemsboks have eyesights.
Some gemsboks have faces.
Some gemsboks have large white patches.
Some gemsboks have length.
Some gemsboks have patches.
Some gemsboks have total body length.
Some gemsboks have total length.
Some gemsboks have white faces.
Some gemsboks inhabit grassland.
Some gemsboks inhabit open grassland.
Some gemsboks prefer woodlands.
Some gemsboks select habitats.
Some gemsboks survive in conditions.
Some gemsboks survive in harsh conditions.
Gemstone diamonds are sold for their beauty and quality.
A gemstone is crystal
Gemstone can act as an information warehouse and application server.
GemStone includes tools for debugging, browsing and inspecting database classes and methods.
GemStone integrates leading industry technologies and supports industry-standard specifications.
Gemstone is a highly modified pool plaster mix using naturally tumbled pebbles.
GemStone is customer-tested and proven scalable, secure, adaptable, and reliable.
Gemstone is more colorfast, durable and versatile than coventional plaster pool finishes.
Gemstone is one that changes from one color to another due to the light source.
Gemstone is such an animal.
GemStone offers an excellent benefits package which is free for employees.
Gemstone offers the premier collection of fine jewelry and watches.
GemStone provides several services over and above the servlet engine.
GemStone supports multiple versions of a class.
GemStone uses separate chaining with hash buckets.
Gemstones are a way to store value while enjoying beautiful jewelry.
Gemstones are all natural, fine quality stones unless noted.
Gemstones are all prong set.
Gemstones are custom set to commemorate unique experience.
Gemstones are durable.
Gemstones are minerals.
Gemstones are perhaps the best known and most desired type of mineral.
Gemstones are polished to perfection and river rock is contoured beautifully.
Gemstones are precious and valuable presents.
Gemstones are primarily beautiful.
Gemstones are rare.
Gemstones are the most commonly used universal upgrade.
Gemstones are valued for their beautiful colors and crystal forms.
Gemstones associated with the zodiac signs sometimes coincide with the birthstones by month.
Gemstones can be transparent, translucent or opaque.
Gemstones can chip and cleave.
Gemstones can have various colors and flaws.
Gemstones certainly are the flowers of the kingdom.
Gemstones come in every color from white to black.
Gemstones covered are garnet, pyroxene, organic, inorganic, and specialty stones.
Gemstones have great potential for healing.
Gemstones have to be hard.
Gemstones heal by restoring the balance to the original composition of the nine colours.
Gemstones is an honors program for undergraduates to participate in research.
Gemstones occur in most major geologic environments.
Gemstones occurring in cubic crystal forms include diamond, the garnets, pyrite, and spinel.
Gemstones occurring in hexagonal crystals include beryl, corundum, quartz, and tourmaline.
Gemstones retain value.
Gemstones usually go to a lapidary after they are mined.
All gemstones are of the highest quality and all mountings are hand picked or custom designed.
Many gemstones are fragile and can split or crack if bumped or hit.
Many gemstones are network atomic solids .
Many gemstones have inclusions that are characteristic to that stone and help in identifying it.
Many gemstones have more than one color.
Most gemstones are minerals and originate from melts, solution, or vapors.
Most gemstones contain several elements.
Most gemstones have which luster.
Most gemstones occur in families except for some, like diamonds and spinels.
Some gemstones are fragile and can be damaged by ultrasonic cleaners.
Gen is a housewife waiting to happen.
Gen is a thief, and a rather boastful one at that.
Gen is a thief.
Gen is also a medical doctor who removes organs for transplant from cadavers.
Gen is an expert on all kinds of things about archeology and anthropology.
Gen is an unreliable but compelling narrator.
Gen is information
Gen is information.
Gen is obnoxious, underdeveloped, uninteresting and annoying.
Gen is one smart lady.
Gen is the elder brother of a farming family in the rural area of Hiroshima.
Gen is the oldest town in Missouri and one of the country's oldest French settlements.
Gen is the second youngest child in a poor Japanese family.
GEN offers turn-key Internet presence solutions to businesses of all sizes.
GEN welcomes everyone with an interest in Nietzsche, whether professional or private.
Gender analysis involves the disaggregated of quantitative data by gender.
Gender analysis involves the disaggregation of quantitative data by gender.
Gender analysis is a way of looking at reality.
Gender analysis is an important element of comprehensive development policy research.
Gender analysis is used to assist with organisational planning and improve service delivery.
Gender analysis requires separating data by sex, and understanding how labour is divided and valued.
Most gender analysis is limited to how the global economy impacts on women.
Gender apartheid is just as serious a human rights violation as racial apartheid.
Gender assignment is based upon first conventional designation of first names.
Gender assignment is done automatically.
Gender balance is a necessity.
Gender balance is considered a symbol of political maturity of societies.
Gender balance is essential to sustainable development.
Gender barriers limit women s participation and reinforce power gaps.
Gender barriers limit women's participation and reinforce power gaps.
Gender benders can happen here on the cybertrails.
Gender bias can be a reasonable conclusion.
Gender bias can be subtle and unintentional.
Gender bias exacts an enormous toll on women's lives, health and potential.
Gender bias exists in many forms, some easier to overcome than others.
Gender bias favors boys over girls in ads.
Gender bias feeds male power struggles and leads to their own miseducation.
Gender bias is a significant problem in today's classrooms.
Gender bias is alive and well in entertainment media.
Gender bias is basically a form of sexual harassment.
Gender bias is embedded in the legal system.
Gender bias is reinforced throughout adulthood as men retain economic and political power.
Gender bias is the separation of gender in a way which prefers one sex over the other.
Gender bias keeps many girls from ever seeing the inside of a school.
Gender bias limits people and is wrong.
Gender bias means holding stereotyped opinions about people according to their gender.
Gender biases mark every stage of the exercise from design, to field interviews, and to analysis.
Gender binary is one example of a gender system.
Gender changes are as routine as tummy tucks.
Gender changers are quick and easy to use.
Gender choice affects some dialog options and quests solutions and very little else.
Gender communication occurs whenever people of different sexes communicate.
Gender confusion intensifies the dilemma.
Gender difference is readily apparent.
Gender difference refers to the different roles in society between women and men.
Gender differences affect the means teens use to commit suicide.
Gender differences are a relatively new focus for research.
Gender differences are evident in the distribution of survivors by time since diagnosis.
Gender differences are just as pronounced as racial ones.
Gender differences are minimal with regard to civic knowledge but substantial in some attitudes.
Gender differences are minimal with regard to civic knowledge, but substantial in some attitudes.
Gender differences are more apparent from the data.
Gender differences are more pronounced in the elderly.
Gender differences are present in mathematics mostly in higher grades.
Gender differences are readily apparent.
Gender differences exist, however, in the relevance of family factors.
Gender differences make teaching such fun.
Gender differences play a considerable role in the degree to which the various needs are important.
Gender differences play a part to the extent that they are a reflection of nurture.
Gender differences predict that women are more selective and men are less selective.
Gender differences remain stark.
Gender differences remain.
Gender differences reveal slightly higher rates of use for males.
Gender discrimination continues to affect the lives of women all over the world.
Gender discrimination goes beyond a 'trans' issue.
Gender discrimination includes paying women less than men for substantially the same kind of work.
Gender discrimination is a human rights violation intersecting all other forms of discriminations.
Gender discrimination is one form of bias in the legal profession.
Gender discrimination is one of the least plausible.
Gender discrimination is one of the major obstacles that affects peoples' perceptions.
Gender discrimination is pervasive throughout the world.
Gender discrimination is still prevalant owing to the socio-economic structure.
Gender discrimination is the world's most widespread form of social exclusion.
Gender discrimination is worse in the rural areas.
Gender discrimination occurs when an employee is treated adversely because of their gender.
Gender discrimination starts at the very beginning.
Any gender discrimination is overwhelmed by marketplace issues.
Gender disparities are even greater in some particular occupations than for the state as a whole.
Gender disparities indicate higher female participation in rural areas.
Gender disparities interact strongly with other factors such as rural-urban differences.
Gender disparities persist.
Gender disparity is especially significant in the physical sciences.
Gender diversity makes good civic and business sense.
Gender dysphoria is defined as a person with a persistent discomfort with gender role or identity.
Gender dysphoria is socially and emotionally complex and generates conflict with the external world.
Gender dysphoria is when a person is unhappy with their own masculinity or femininity.
Gender equality can be a quality that can be judged and rewarded.
Gender equality contributes to a healthy economy.
Gender equality is a cross-cutting theme across all placements.
Gender equality is a fundamental democratic value.
Gender equality is a global issue with roots within the family and the community.
Gender equality is a major strategic objective of the international community.
Gender equality is a prerequisite for the parents shared responsibility for their children.
Gender equality is a programme priority throughout the region.
Gender equality is a vision for a better society.
Gender equality is an essential part of the decent work agenda.
Gender equality is at the heart of the transformation of patriarchy.
Gender equality is essential to true democracy.
Gender equality is one of the most important goals of development co-operation.
Gender equality is very hard to come by.
Gender equality is yet to move from backstage to center stage.
Gender equality tends to fall relatively low on their priorities.
Gender equity enhances education for both sexes.
Gender equity exists in all classes and student leadership activities.
Gender equity gives people of both genders equal opportunities in all areas that affect their lives.
Gender equity happens to be the piece of funding that right now defines that gray box.
Gender equity is a major compliance issue.
Gender equity is a major criterion in providing a healthy balance to our athletic program.
Gender equity is a mere pup compared to the bottom line.
Gender equity is a noble aim for society in general and college athletics in particular.
Gender equity is a two-sided proposition.
Gender equity is a visible topic in education.
Gender equity is a vital consideration.
Gender equity is about equal opportunity and fairness to all.
Gender equity is an essential component of effective diversity.
Gender equity is an integral part of development, and a key goal of any program.
Gender equity is an issue that concerns men and women.
Gender equity is crucial.
Gender equity is encouraged.
Gender equity is federal law.
Gender equity is good for business.
Gender equity is mandatory under the scheme.
Gender equity is now more or less a fixture on the development agenda.
Gender equity is one thing, but it's baseball.
Gender equity is the other important component of freedom centred development.
Gender equity is the sine qua non of a poverty reduction strategy.
Gender equity is, thus, a path that leads to gender equality.
Gender equity requires sensitivity, determination, commitment, and vigilance over time.
Gender expression is a function of behavior, voluntary and involuntary.
Gender feminists have no scruples about silencing and dismissing the voices of women who disagree.
Gender feminists see women as a subordinate class, routinely tyrannized and victimized by men.
Gender fucks are a wide variety of people.
Gender gap grows wider.
Gender gap helps Democrats more.
Gender gap persists both in terms of enrollment and in terms of attainment of schooling.
Gender gaps are much less pervasive elsewhere.
Gender gaps favoring girls in history and biology are much higher.
Gender gaps persist in and around the world of work.
Gender gaps vary from place to place but the overall pattern of women's disadvantage is clear.
Gender identification is scaled along a continuum with nine labeled definitional points.
A gender identity is an identity
Gender identities are identities.
Gender identity develops through biological and social influences.
Gender identity is a different continuum than that of sexual orientation.
Gender identity is a self-perception influenced by culture and history.
Gender identity is about gender.
Gender identity is an individual's sense of being male or female.
Gender identity is basically one's conviction of being male or female.
Gender identity is distinct from and more basic than sexual orientation.
Gender identity is distinct from sexual orientation.
Gender identity is fundamentally different from a person s sexual orientation.
Gender identity is how people describe themselves.
Gender identity is just as fixed for transsexuals.
Gender identity is one's internal experience of their gender.
Gender identity IS separate from sexual orientation.
Gender identity is such a possession.
Gender identity is the inward experience of gender role.
Gender identity is very clear, depending on their gender, or seemed majestic look soft.
Gender identity means self identification as a member of the relevant gender.
Gender identity refers to a person s sexual self-image and to distinguish it from physiological sex.
Gender identity remains a troubling issue, just as it still is in the real world.
Gender identity seems to be a serious issue and does have a debilitating effect on the individual.
Gender imbalance is also still strong in the two groups of the poorest countries.
Gender inequalities are a continuing feature of Muslim countries.
Gender inequalities are glaringly apparent and deeply ingrained in society.
Gender inequalities continue to hamper economic growth and well-being.
Gender inequality equals economic profit for some.
Gender inequality exists in all aspects of life and throughout a woman's life cycle.
Gender inequality has tremendous implications for economic growth.
Gender inequality is a feature of both our societies.
Gender inequality is a structural impediment to poverty elimination.
Gender inequality is an epidemiological fact.
Gender inequality is deeply entrenched in almost all society.
Gender inequality is dramatic.
Gender inequality is evident in virtually every country, rich or poor.
Gender inequality is more prevalent in the middle classes and up.
Gender inequality is most common in women dealing with poverty.
Gender inequality is still prevalent.
Gender inequality is visible in the low levels of welfare, education, health and economic status.
Gender inequality is widespread in academe just as it is in other professions and occupations.
Gender inequality limits economic growth for entire countries.
Gender inequality perpetuates poverty, poor health and rapid population growth.
Gender inequities are particularly important in communicating about condom use and monogamy.
Gender inequity is real.
Gender inequity is still widespread and affects girls more profoundly than is commonly assumed.
Gender inequity is widespread, domestic violence pervasive and gender relations stressed.
Gender issues affect marriages more than many realize.
Gender issues affect men as well as women.
Gender issues affect the workplace.
Gender issues are an overarching concern in all our work.
Gender issues are basically power relations, but the ideology behind it involves much more.
Gender issues are cross-sectoral issues.
Gender issues are everywhere in today s society.
Gender issues are obviously involved in courtship as well as in labor and delivery.
Gender issues are under-researched in South Africa.
Gender issues box a box to use in discussion of gender related issues.
Gender issues creep in boys laugh at themselves .
Gender issues cross the boundaries of every academic field and career.
Gender issues disappear when voters see women succeed in politics.
Gender issues impact most fields of study and have become a major consideration in the work force.
Gender issues is a very important, yet very sensitive topic.
Gender issues manifest themselves in a variety of ways for Jewish children.
Gender justice is integral to social justice.
Gender justice is realized when neither men nor women cite an epistemic advantage.
Gender menders are available to convert that male into a badly needed female or visa versa.
Gender nonconformance occurs in people of different sexual orientations, marital statuses and sexes.
Gender norms affect adolescents.
Gender quotas can go both ways.
Gender reassignment is illegal in Portugal, Iran, Ghana, Slovenia, Albania, Macedonia.
Gender relations affect the unequal power relations in society.
Gender relations are a good example.
Gender relations are in troubled transition, with violence against women frequent.
Gender relations are thus dynamic and context-specific.
Gender relations is one of the major social forces shaping education.
Gender relations is one of the major structures of all societies.
Gender research asks difficult questions.
Gender research is a case in point .
A gender role is a role
Gender role is the objective, public presentation in our culture as masculine or feminine.
Gender role is the outward expression of gender identity.
Gender role is the public face of personal gender identity.
Gender role is variable, valuable and dependant on the cultural values of a society.
Gender roles are artificial but being homosexual is natural.
Gender roles are attitudes and activities that a society links to each sex.
Gender roles are dependent on the culture and history of the society that they are part of.
Gender roles are important issues for children to observe.
Gender roles are just the creations of a repressive society.
Gender roles are less defined.
Gender roles are more defined.
Gender roles are more fluid.
Gender roles are no longer clear-cut.
Gender roles are non-traditional and families are varied.
Gender roles are restrictive in most Protestant churches.
Gender roles are roles.
Gender roles are something deeply embedded in each of our lives.
Gender roles are still a part of family life.
Gender roles are strict.
Gender roles are very elaborate and structured.
Gender roles are very interesting, especially their ties to independence.
Gender roles are well established and the influence of Chinese culture is felt in many areas.
Gender roles arise from the socially assigned differences between women and men.
Gender roles begin at birth and span a lifetime.
Gender roles differ across different ethnic groups and across socioeconomic status.
Gender roles exert strong influences on romantic and sexual relationships.
Gender roles exist in all spheres of society starting with the division of labour in the family.
Gender roles play a significant part in all families.
Gender roles refer to what behaviors are assigned to various groups within a society.
Gender socialization starts immediately after birth and continues throughout ones life.
Gender stereotypes are also prevalent within mass media.
Gender stereotypes are partially to blame for the shortage of female executives overseas.
Gender stereotypes are still a major factor in shaping the career aspirations of young women.
Gender stereotypes can have important real-life consequences for men and women.
Gender stereotypes define our culturally agreed upon notions of gender appropriate behaviors.
Gender stereotypes stem from the distribution of women and men into social roles.
Gender systems are systems of gender roles in societies.
Gender transition is new territory for many people, and hence can be scary.
Gender transposition is stronger than gender dysphoria.
Gender typing develops rapidly over the preschool years.
Gender verification is performed by submitting athletes to the sex chromotin test.
Gender violence can occur throughout a woman's lifecycle.
Gender violence is alive.
Gender violence is endemic in South Africa.
Gender violence kills.
Gender violence makes women targets of violence simply for being women, nothing else.
A gender is a category
Gender affects audiometric shape in prebyacusis.
Gender affects doxorubicin pharmacokinetics in patients with normal liver biochemistry.
Gender affects every detail in our life.
Gender affects expectations regarding the sexual activity of boys and girls.
Gender affects relationships as well.
Gender affects sympathetic and hemodynamic response to postural stress.
Gender affects the detection of resistive loads.
Gender affects the family dynamics as well.
Gender affects the impact of imagery on acute experimental pain and distress.
Gender again becomes irrelevant.
Gender allows expression of the soul, allows connection of diverse hearts.
Gender alone can affect a system.
Gender also seems to influence sibling closeness.
Gender also seems to play a role in determining who gets certain circulatory problems.
Gender appears to be a factor too.
Gender appears to be a factor.
Gender appears to be the defining variable.
Gender based biology is more than understanding how the reproductive system works.
Gender based biology is the study of gender differences in health and illness.
Gender bashing, racist remarks and general rudeness offends people.
Gender becomes a unifying identity eclipsing many differences.
Gender becomes an implicit factor in job descriptions and pay scales.
Gender breakdown many men, few women and minorities.
Gender brings with it different ways of dealing with children etc.
Gender can also play a significant role.
Gender can be male or female.
Gender can bring balance and strength to decision making.
Gender can play an important role.
Gender changes like the wind, with lots of different models.
Gender coding in the brain is bipolar.
Gender comes into all areas of relationships and sexuality.
Gender consists of expectations and attributes.
Gender constructs intimate relations.
Gender continues to be a major issue in education.
Gender continues to be real and dichotomous, even if an ambiguous presentation is tolerated.
Gender defines relationships among women, among men, and between men and women.
Gender defines relationships among women, among men, and between women and men.
Gender depends on factors like left or right testicle or the location or temperature in the womb.
Gender describes characteristics of men and women which are determined by society .
Gender dilemmas aside, the piece works very well.
Gender discomfort intense.
Gender exists as a form to produce children through sex.
Gender follows race and ethnicity in the template.
Gender has nothing to do with the risks for car crashes.
Gender includes male, female, androgynous and other.
Gender influences endothelial function and gene expression.
Gender influences on classroom interaction.
Gender influences on minority dissent and information search.
Gender influences sphincter of oddi response to cholecystokinin in the prairie dog.
Gender involves differences in power.
Gender is a category which can be used to differentiate data on crime.
Gender is a category which currently maintains two supposed distinct and opposing components.
Gender is a character variable.
Gender is a concept that refers to the cultural sources of our identities as women and men.
Gender is a conceptual category, being a structural phenomenon.
Gender is a constant issue.
Gender is a crucial aspect of the organization of inequality throughout Latin America.
Gender is a cult.
Gender is a cultural construct.
Gender is a cultural creation and the gender roles differ from one society to another.
Gender is a difficult subject to think about.
Gender is a factor, too, since men are more likely to develop hypertension than women.
Gender is a feature of all known cultures.
Gender is a fluid category involving a spectrum of attributes which contribute to gender identity.
Gender is a full-fledged part of the body.
Gender is a given in a one-sex prison.
Gender is a good example of nominal data.
Gender is a historically determined reproductive division of labor.
Gender is a key component of all human groups.
Gender is a key predictor of toilet training completion.
Gender is a moiety, and sex a rough classification of physical form.
Gender is a multiple choice with the codes of f for female and m for male.
Gender is a new and most interesting subject that people are just beginning to be conscious of.
Gender is a nominal variable.
Gender is a paradox on the Internet.
Gender is a performance in the real world just as much as it is on the Internet.
Gender is a performance on the social stage.
Gender is a property that some words possess.
Gender is a reality that shapes our behavior.
Gender is a sense of self.
Gender is a set of cultural roles.
Gender is a significant factor in our every day lives.
Gender is a social construction.
Gender is a social fiction that often behaves as a fact.
Gender is a social institution .
Gender is a socially constructed concept.
Gender is a societal construct.
Gender is a tenuous definition, more correctly tenuous position, along a continuum.
Gender is a term used to make references to women and men social relations.
Gender is a topic of increasing concern within climate change policy and science.
Gender is a topic which is often left out of technological history.
Gender is a variable introduced into all pertinent programs of institutional research.
Gender is a variable.
Gender is a very personal thing for all people.
Gender is a very significant determinant of who wins or loses as a result of economic reforms.
Gender is about both men and women.
Gender is about partnerships.
Gender is about peoples lives, and it thrives, as does medical, organizations, and other sessions.
Gender is about relationship, and about breeding relationships.
Gender is accomplished through everyday interaction.
Gender is also a central focus, defining the different familial roles and tasks of women and men.
Gender is also a determining factor.
Gender is also a factor in students' creativity.
Gender is also a factor.
Gender is also a social construction, a product of the judgments of others.
Gender is also an issue here.
Gender is also another common interest shared by many faculty members.
Gender is also important in any mystery.
Gender is always a weird thing though.
Gender is an altogether different story.
Gender is an analytical tool for understanding social processes.
Gender is an asset.
Gender is an attribute that also never changes throughout the play of a storyworld.
Gender is an especially critical aspect in the development of children and adolescents.
Gender is an example of a variable that is measured on a nominal scale.
Gender is an ideological term to mainstream artificial sexual ideology into the culture.
Gender is an important category within each group, culture, social class and period of time.
Gender is an important determining factor for access to rural, non-agricultural jobs.
Gender is an important variable when reading any autobiography.
Gender is an interesting factor.
Gender is an invalid concept.
Gender is an issue that has concerned people for many years.
Gender is an issue which is widely discussed today.
Gender is an issue.
Gender is another issue in the diversity topic.
Gender is another name for sexual category.
Gender is another self-evident characteristic of any autobiographical effort.
Gender is another sociological phenomenon of the Internet.
Gender is artificial and prescribed differently by each culture.
Gender is as much a focal point as sex and sexuality, especially in the last section.
Gender is at the heart of creation.
Gender is at the root of the problem, nevertheless.
Gender is basic to most creatures, so it is genetically at the core of our being.
Gender is both a product of social interaction.
Gender is central and the study has a feminist methodological framework supporting it.
Gender is central to the way a society is organized.
Gender is certainly another.
Gender is chance.
Gender is characterized by femininity and masculinity.
Gender is complex and multi-faceted.
Gender is crucial in the effects of guilt.
Gender is cultural and changes across time and place.
Gender is defined by the social, psychological,or cultural rather then biological connotations.
Gender is different from what type of sex a person can be.
Gender is different, the terms man and woman and masculine and feminine describe gender.
Gender is different.
Gender is divided once leaving two versions.
Gender is especially important for room scheduling purposes.
Gender is especially important information to include for room scheduling purposes.
Gender is especially important information to include for shared room assignment purposes.
Gender is especially relevant, as the female body becomes a site for contesting notions of virtue.
Gender is evenly divided.
Gender is explored as are a variety of other themes.
Gender is explored with an emphasis on race, class, and sexual orientation.
Gender is expression.
Gender is far more of a spectrum, and even somewhat fluid.
Gender is generally no longer a salary-determining factor.
Gender is held with too much regard.
Gender is immaterial for many roles, but where it matters, it matters.
Gender is important, but establishing a dramatic moment is paramount.
Gender is independent of sexual arousal patterns.
Gender is irrelevant.
Gender is just a doorway, and so is sexuality, race and age.
Gender is just one of many factors that influence couples and affect their reproductive decisions.
Gender is male or female by apartment.
Gender is masculine and feminine, although some traces of the old neuter survive.
Gender is more complex than the expression of maleness or femaleness.
Gender is more or less optional.
Gender is much more than biological attributes.
Gender is no bar to progress within the profession.
Gender is no longer a barrier to any health profession.
Gender is no longer an issue in the industry.
Gender is now a protected category in California public schools.
Gender is now more or less seen as a continuum of characteristics.
Gender is one issue.
Gender is one of the most fundamental influences on human behavior.
Gender is one of the most significant categories by which societies structure and define themselves.
Gender is one of the reasons caregiving has received so little attention.
Gender is one other thing that mainly state the fact of education and literacy.
Gender is only one facet of a larger picture.
Gender is organized differently in different societies.
Gender is our cultural interpretation of biology.
Gender is part of identity of self.
Gender is part of self definition, and intrinsic to the constancy of the world view of many people.
Gender is perhaps one of the most widely used independent variables related to health.
Gender is perhaps part of the answer.
Gender is physical.
Gender is primal.
Gender is probably impossible to notice.
Gender is probably the least of the factors in choice.
Gender is seen as a dichotomy.
Gender is self-selected.
Gender is simply a chain of both iterable marks and metaphysical gestures.
Gender is so fundamental to human interactions, that the idea of a person without gender is absurd.
Gender is social, constructed, ephemeral.
Gender is social, cultural, psychological and historical.
Gender is something that comes up in society quite often.
Gender is still an issue.
Gender is such a discrete group.
Gender is the battlefield.
Gender is the constellation of personal attributes assigned to men and women in any culture.
Gender is the cultural and attitudinal qualities associated with being male and female.
Gender is the difference between boys and girls and how they act in the world.
Gender is the easiest category in which to stereotype, and also to differentiate.
Gender is the heart, mind and soul.
Gender is the identity of the person inside the body .
Gender is the least of the factors that make up good leadership.
Gender is the meaning that a given culture ascribes to sex difference.
Gender is the meaning that a society attaches to being female or male.
Gender is the mind.
Gender is the mind-killer.
Gender is the most misunderstood topic of our times.
Gender is the most powerful determining factor.
Gender is the only physical characteristic that can be determined by forensic DNA analysis.
Gender is the physical, biological, and societal roles between men and women as assigned by society.
Gender is the quality that distinguishes the entities as masculine or feminine.
Gender is the second most common determinate of behavior.
Gender is the 'sex' of the brain, apart from the body.
Gender is the single most obvious and intractable difference when it comes to violence in America.
Gender is the social-cultural construction of the biological notion of sex.
Gender is the strongest predictor of volume of alcohol consumption.
Gender is the term used to denote the social characteristics assigned to men and women.
Gender is the way masculinity and femininity are perceived in a given culture.
Gender is the way one is socialized according to some standard of behavior associated with a role.
Gender is topic of importance in present-day and earlier mysteries.
Gender is transient, in the mind.
Gender is treated as a form of overwriting, in senses that include both excess and layering.
Gender is treated as the social, cultural and psychological results of sex difference.
Gender is understood differently in different cultures and different historical moments.
Gender is unimportant for a driving llama.
Gender is unimportant.
Gender is very important in French.
Gender is what culture makes out of the 'raw material' of biological sex.
Gender is, as such, a halachic category that creates different halachic responses.
Gender isa category.
Gender isa class.
Gender looks at how men and women relate to one another , and their different needs and experiences.
Gender mainstreaming in the new regulations offers a new, two-track approach.
Gender makes no difference in their temperament.
Gender marking in the Japanese language is basic.
Gender matters from school to work.
Gender means male, female, or neuter.
Gender means mating between a male and a female is necessary.
Gender necessitates a differentiation into male and female.
Gender needs no eyesight.
Gender never affects the mechanics of inheritance, age alone does.
Gender online is a matter of choice .
Gender organizes societies in unique and fundamental ways.
Gender permeates academe, society, and the lives of individuals.
Gender perspectives on technology and education.
Gender pertains to sex roles and issues of power, inequality and hierarchy.
Gender plays a big role in finances, as money represents different things to men and women.
Gender plays a crucial role in re-figuring womans position in the genre of romance.
Gender plays a major role in the type of certified mediator.
Gender plays a part in perception too.
Gender plays a role as well.
Gender plays a role.
Gender plays an important role in access to further qualifications.
Gender plays an important role in whiplash injuries.
Gender plays an important role.
Gender processes in women's self-help movements.
Gender provides a behavioral tendency in leadership.
Gender refers to learned behaviors called masculinity and femininity.
Gender refers to social interpretations of what it means to be a man or a woman.
Gender refers to the cultural difference socially attached to females and males.
Gender refers to the roles that society defines for women and men, boys and girls.
Gender refers to the roles, responsibilities, needs, interests and capacities of both men and women.
Gender refers to the sex of a species.
Gender refers to the social aspects of sexuality.
Gender refers to the specific roles and responsibilities of men and women in any given society.
Gender remains closely linked to one's social and economic well-being.
Gender satisfies the second condition too.
Gender schema Cognitive frameworks about male and female characteristics.
Gender seems to be a factor, with boys being at apparently higher risk.
Gender seems to be female.
Gender seems to have an effect as well.
Gender still makes a difference.
Gender struggles and inequalities in indigenous systems.
Gender switching aside, a reader's voice alone can be enough to make a book unlistenable.
Gender There are only two genders to Arabic, masculine and feminine.
Genders also know and learn differently.
Genders Publishes innovative work in the arts, humanties, and social theory.
Genders react differently to nurturing deprivation as kids.
Gender frequently produces significant differences in public opinion.
All genders are welcome.
All genders welcome.
Any gender includes the other genders.
Some gender neutralizing language is good.
Gendered assumptions are of cultural and societal origin, and thus vary across nation-states.
Gendered expectations have psychological consequences.
Gendered language is more than gendered vocabulary.
Gendered power is intersected by race power and class power.
Gendered robots have very deep roots in popular culture.
Genders differences are good tools for social learning.
Gene activation depends upon the cellular milieu.
Gene activation is accompanied by the process of puffing.
Gene amplification is a form of genomic instability , a hallmark of cancer cells.
Gene amplification is a form of genomic instability, a hallmark of cancer cells.
Gene amplification is another frequently found aberration in human tumor cell genomes.
Gene amplification is important because it is the first step in the formation.
Gene annotation is the final goal of gene prediction algorithms.
Gene arrangement is colinear between human and mouse.
Gene banks collect genetic material, or germ plasm, and store it in controlled conditions.
A gene chip is semiconductor
Gene chips are chips.
Gene chips enable researchers to detect expressions of a large number of genes at once.
Gene chips have the ability to show which genes in a cell are active at a specific time.
Gene chips measure the expression of every gene at once.
Gene cloning is the process of isolating and making copies of a chromosome.
Gene cloning permits direct detection of gene mutations.
Gene cloning requires a basic knowledge of the gene's sequence, or flanking sequences.
Gene clusters finds neighboring genes that have the same order in two genomes.
Gene conversion occurs only when there is heterozygosity for two different alleles of the gene.
Gene conversion occurs when one sequence is copied to match a second, usually similar, sequence.
Gene conversion plays the major role in controlling the stability of large tandem repeats in yeast.
Gene deletion experiments indicate functions.
Gene delivery is still the limiting factor.
Gene drives spread their wings.
Gene duplication can contribute to increased complexity.
Gene duplication can occur and proteins can change function.
Gene duplication creates opportunity.
Gene duplication is a big way new material is produced for mutation to work on.
Gene duplication is an important source of evolutionary novelty.
Gene duplication is an important source of new genetic variation.
Gene duplication is another common and important process in the evolution of genomes.
Gene duplication is clearly a prominent mechanism generating redundant genes.
Gene duplication provides the complexity.
Gene duplications can also be harmful, such as oncogenes .
Most gene duplication creates opportunity.
Gene expression levels use methods.
Gene expression depends on a set parameter.
Gene expression depends on the interaction of maternally and paternally inherited alleles.
Gene expression drives local adaptation in humans.
Gene expression Explain how a protein is produced from the instructions found in a gene.
Gene expression involves analyzing which genes turn on and off in a specific biological process.
Gene expression involves multiple regulated steps leading from gene to active protein.
Gene expression is a balance between positive and negative influences over transcriptional activity.
Gene expression is a common classroom topic.
Gene expression is a natural phenomenon
Gene expression is a regulated process.
Gene expression is controlled by iron at level of protein translation.
Gene expression is evaluated by Northern blot analysis or in situ hybridization.
Gene expression is improved resulting in fewer cellular reproduction errors.
Gene expression is part of a large amplification process.
Gene expression is regulated by specialized proteins called transcription factors.
Gene expression is regulated largely at the level of transcription.
Gene expression is regulated to ensure that the correct are made.
Gene expression is similar for all living organisms.
Gene expression is subject to many levels of control.
Gene expression is tissue specific.
Gene expression leads to the development of the left and right axes.
Gene expression reveals segmental cell arrangements in the anterior neural tube of amphioxus.
Gene families are genes that descended by duplication and variation from some ancestral gene.
Gene families have lineage.
Most gene families have lineage.
Gene finding aims at locating the genes in a DNA sequence.
Gene finding is a process that allows researchers to determine what each part of the DNA does.
Gene flow allows different genes to mix with others.
Gene flow appears to be biased towards males, but overall populations are matrilineally structured.
Gene flow can increase genetic variability by bringing in alleles from other populations.
Gene flow can introduce new alleles and maintain diversity in populations.
Gene flow describes changes in gene frequency due to small population size.
Gene flow increases genetic variation within a population.
Gene flow increases the divergence of populations.
Gene flow is a largely neglected, but potentially important, factor in evolution.
Gene flow is a relational process involving dispersal into a reference population.
Gene flow is caused by individuals from one population interbreeding with another population.
Gene flow is important when it comes to lasting viability of populations.
Gene flow is impossible between two species.
Gene flow is interrupted when a population is divided into geographically isolated subpopulations.
Gene flow is possible in the Far East where soybean originated and wild related plants exist.
Gene flow is random among populations.
Gene flow is restricted by distance, geographic barriers, and local adaptation.
Gene flow is the addition or subtraction of alleles from a population due to migration.
Gene flow is the answer.
Gene flow is the great homoginizing agent.
Gene flow is the movement of alleles in or out of a population.
Gene flow is the movement of alleles into and out of a population as a result of a. fertilization.
Gene flow is the movement of genes from one population to another.
Gene flow is the movement of genetic information into or out of a population.
Gene flow is the result of migration between populations with different gene frequencies.
Gene flow is the result of mutation.
Gene flow occurs when individuals migrate between populations.
Gene flow plays a crucial role in all three stages.
Gene flow refers to introduction of genes from outside the local breeding population.
Gene flow tends to decrease differentiation.
Gene flow tends to homogenize allele frequencies among populations.
Gene flow tends to reduce differences between populations.
Gene frequencies can change when a small group of individuals separates from a larger population.
Gene frequencies change across the generation and the species evolves.
Gene frequencies describe the genetic variation in the entire gene pool.
Gene frequency is the frequency of an allele at a given locus in a population.
Gene frequency is the relative ferquency of a particular allele.
Gene frequency represents how often an allele occurs in a population.
Gene guns are one of the new powerful tools in genetic engineering.
Gene guns are one of the newest technologies in the exploding field of genetic engineering.
Gene guns work by a unique combination of physics and biology.
Gene insertion is amazingly imprecise.
Gene insertion is the process of putting a foreign gene into an organism.
Gene interaction controls the physical and structural characteristics of organisms.
Gene knockouts are easy and quick.
Gene knockouts reveal separate functions for two cytoplasmic dyneins in Tetrahymena thermophila .
Gene knockouts reveal separate functions for two cytoplasmic dyneins in Tetrahymena thermophila.
Gene libraries are thus repositories of raw material for use in genetic engineering.
Gene libraries have their own pricing scheme .
Gene library See genomic library.
Gene mapping assigns genes to a particular location in a chromosome.
Gene mapping is a highly statistical endeavor, but the basic principle is simple.
Gene mapping is all about locating genes.
Gene mapping is the process of determining the locus for a particular biological trait.
Gene mapping is the process of identifying the general location of a gene on a specific chromosome.
Gene migration can introduce new alleles into populations.
Gene mutation is an occurrence
Gene mutation raises risk of cancer from secondhand smoke.
Gene mutation stops.
Gene mutations are like discordant musical notes.
Gene mutations can also cause species divergence.
Gene mutations create new alleles.
Gene mutations occur all the time, but at low rates.
Gene mutations occur frequently during normal cell growth.
Many gene mutations are spontaneous.
Some gene mutation causes cancer.
Some gene mutation causes family cancer syndromes.
Some gene mutation causes syndromes.
Some gene mutation increases thickness.
Some gene mutation increases wall thickness.
Gene networks contain an information about elementary structures and events of the process.
Gene ontology puts the data into groups based on genes .
Gene ontology puts the data into groups based on genes.
Gene patents are another area for concern.
Gene patents are in fact exactly what they sound like, patents on genes.
Gene patents have created a sort of gold rush wherein who ever is first, claims the property.
Gene patents pose a serious threat to medical advancement, medical education, and patient care.
Gene pool adapts for long term survival via offspring.
Gene pools are small and prone to trouble.
Some gene pools consist of individuals.
Gene probes design.
Gene products are part of an integrated metabolic system.
Gene products are what most scientists are interested in, then genomic structure.
Gene products possess one or more biochemical, physiological or structural functions.
Gene products produced by nurse cells are controlled by both alleles of the female.
Some gene products kill animals.
Gene promoters support activities.
Most gene promoters support activities.
Gene regulation is studied by the use of ribozymes.
Gene regulation switches genes on and off, and so controls cell differentiation, and morphogenesis.
Gene replication Turn the disc to show how parents genes can combine at random in their children.
Gene selection acts directly at the level of the gene.
Gene sequence analyses enable identification.
Gene sequence analyses.
Gene sequences are more likely to be conserved during evolution than intergenic sequences.
Gene sequences are the order of letters in the DNA alphabet.
Gene sequences can only give the amino acid sequence that is translated by the ribosome.
Gene sequences change as a result of mutation.
Most gene sequence analyses enable identification.
Gene symbols consist of three lowercase letters.
Gene symbols tend to fall readily into disarray.
Gene technology has other applications, too.
Gene technology is a new form of biotechnology with much greater potential applications.
Gene technology is an additional method of control in plant cultivation.
Gene technology is here to stay.
Gene technology is just one branch of modern biotechnology.
Gene technology is no exception.
Gene technology makes it possible to make use of genes from virtually any living cell.
Gene technology opens up new ways of fighting infections.
Gene technology provides a new kind of freedom for humankind, and hence a new kind of history.
Some gene technology opens doors.
Gene tests raise ethical questions.
Gene tests tell of a predisposition to a disease.
Gene testing can determine early who in the family carries dangerous genes.
Gene testing is currently available only through research laboratories.
Gene therapies are still in development and few have shown practical benefit to date.
Gene therapies can repair the damage after a heart attack and prevent massive cell death.
Gene therapies lie at the frontier of cancer research.
Gene therapy affects in most cases too few cells to be useful.
Gene therapy aids heart-disease treatment.
Gene therapy aims to correct the DNA of a patient suffering from a genetic disease.
Gene therapy aims to treat a disease by modifying the action of a person's genes.
Gene therapy appears to be less mired in ethical problems than is gene diagnosis.
Gene therapy approaches for inherited and acquired lung diseases.
Gene therapy approaches for thrombotic disorders.
Gene therapy approaches in the cardiovascular system.
Gene therapy benefits society by improving quality of life issues.
Gene therapy brings along with it another closely related practice, that is, negative eugenic.
Gene therapy brings another set of opportunities and challenges.
Gene therapy can be very beneficial to individuals with diseases that cause themselves harm.
Gene therapy can involve either germ line or somatic line cells.
Gene therapy can take different approaches based on the form of the disease.
Gene therapy constructs.
Gene therapy continues to be of interest.
Gene therapy corrects mouse lupus.
Gene therapy enables one to deliver active proteins to the defective macular tissues.
Gene therapy enters adolescence.
Gene therapy extends life.
Gene therapy gives blood a path around leg blockages, researchers say.
Gene therapy goes in, finds what's missing at the molecular level and puts it back.
Gene therapy has many of the worst examples of clinical research that exist.
Gene therapy has the potential to be a one-shot cure.
Gene therapy has the potential to offer solutions where current treatments fall short.
Gene therapy has yet to cure anyone.
Gene therapy helps problems.
Gene therapy helps to treat a heart problems in rat study.
Gene therapy holds great promise for treating cancer, inherited disorders, and other diseases.
Gene therapy holds great promise for treating cystic fibrosis.
Gene therapy holds promise as a potential avenue to cure a wide range of retinal diseases.
Gene therapy involves altering genetic material to treat disease.
Gene therapy involves correction of defects in genetic material.
Gene therapy involves delivering corrective genes to the cells of selected tissues.
Gene therapy involves putting genes into humans to cure genetic disease.
Gene therapy involves replacement of disease-causing genes with correctly functioning ones.
Gene therapy is a controversial issue in today s science society.
Gene therapy is a few years away yet.
Gene therapy is a new alternative therapeutic approach.
Gene therapy is a next step in modern medicine and many improvements are being made every month.
Gene therapy is a possibility for the future, though it has already been tried without sure success.
Gene therapy is a possible new approach.
Gene therapy is a potential approach to the treatment of genetic disorders in human beings.
Gene therapy is a potential approach to the treatment of genetic disorders in humans.
Gene therapy is a problematic area, both technically and ethically.
Gene therapy is a promising new field of medical research.
Gene therapy is a promising, new method being tested against bladder cancer.
Gene therapy is a rapidly emerging part of biomedicine.
Gene therapy is a revolutionary approach to fight and prevent disease.
Gene therapy is a type of treatment which changes a person's genes to avoid illness.
Gene therapy is a very rapidly advancing field.
Gene therapy is a very young science that has been used in patients for only about ten years.
Gene therapy is also a highly controversial topic in some aspects.
Gene therapy is also paramount in fighting tumors and improving outcomes.
Gene therapy is an amazing technology.
Gene therapy is an area of intense research.
Gene therapy is an exiting, new approach in the treatment of malignant disease.
Gene therapy is an experimental treatment for serious diseases including cancer.
Gene therapy is an experimental treatment.
Gene therapy is an innovative and exciting new branch of medicine.
Gene therapy is an investigational treatment for glioblastoma multiforme.
Gene therapy is another exciting front.
Gene therapy is attractive because it seems to cause few adverse reactions.
Gene therapy is available for select cases.
Gene therapy is based on altering a disease at the roots.
Gene therapy is basically genotypic pharmacology.
Gene therapy is carried out in animal models using adenovirus and liposomes vector systems.
Gene therapy is clearly at a crossroads.
Gene therapy is completely up to the individual in question.
Gene therapy is complicated.
Gene therapy is currently the biggest hope for people suffering from genetic diseases.
Gene therapy is defined as the transfer of genes into cells to achieve a therapeutic effect .
Gene therapy is designed to enhance the body's abilities to build new routes.
Gene therapy is directed against cancer.
Gene therapy is essential to the development of making a sick child healthy.
Gene therapy is fascinating.
Gene therapy is in a heap of trouble.
Gene therapy is medical treatments.
Gene therapy is more interesting because it offers the chance of making something new or better.
Gene therapy is new and experimental.
Gene therapy is on the cusp of becoming effective.
Gene therapy is on the horizon.
Gene therapy is one of a variety of therapeutic modalities, all of which have risks.
Gene therapy is one of the most exciting technologies for the future.
Gene therapy is one of the most hyped areas of new-age medicine.
Gene therapy is one use.
Gene therapy is one way that scientists are testing to selectively aid only ailing neurons.
Gene therapy is our big hope for the future in cancer research.
Gene therapy is performed by replacing diseased phenotypes with new genetic material.
Gene therapy is powerful stuff.
Gene therapy is predicted to be the fourth revolution in medicine.
Gene therapy is seen by many as the most promising advance on the medical horizon.
Gene therapy is still experimental.
Gene therapy is still far from being applied to human subjects in a clinical setting.
Gene therapy is still in it's infancy.
Gene therapy is still more of an open book.
Gene therapy is subject to greater oversight than virtually all other technology.
Gene therapy is such a novel form of treatment that it has to be addressed with caution.
Gene therapy is the administration of genes to a patient for therapeutic purposes.
Gene therapy is the future Most are using the latest gene technology to further their work.
Gene therapy is the highly technical science of altering genes.
Gene therapy is the identification and eventual manipulation of a cell to correct a genetic defect.
Gene therapy is the insertion of genetic material into cells to prevent, control, or cure disease.
Gene therapy is the modification of the tumor's genes to cause it to self-destruct.
Gene therapy is the most heavily regulated sector of the biopharmaceutical industry.
Gene therapy is the process of supplying cells with healthy copies of missing or flawed genes .
Gene therapy is the process of supplying cells with healthy copies of missing or flawed genes.
Gene therapy is the treatment of a disease by replacing a missing or defective gene.
Gene therapy is the treatment of the future for cancer.
Gene therapy is the ultimate endgame of genomics.
Gene therapy is the use of genes to treat disease.
Gene therapy is the use of genetic information that can be used in medicine to cure people.
Gene therapy is the use of genetic material for therapeutic applications.
Gene therapy is therapy that changes genes.
Gene therapy is under investigation and evaluation.
Gene therapy is under investigation.
Gene therapy is under study as a possible treatment for mucopolysaccharidosis.
Gene therapy is used for genetic diseases.
Gene therapy is used for genetic disorder.
Gene therapy is used to modulate the healing process.
Gene therapy is very exciting.
Gene therapy is within our grasp.
Gene therapy keeps firm partnering with other companies.
Gene therapy looks promising but is decades away.
Gene therapy makes blind puppies see Scientists have used gene therapy to make blind puppies see.
Gene therapy makes it possible to correct such defects in the function of cells.
Gene therapy means altering the genotype of a tissue or even a whole human.
Gene therapy needs more work, time, patience and money.
Gene therapy offers a new treatment paradigm for curing human disease.
Gene therapy offers hope for the future.
Gene therapy offers the only true cure for many diseases.
Gene therapy offers the possibility of inserting the deficient gene in the target organ.
Gene therapy provides a new method for treatment.
Gene therapy raises ethical issues in regards to the quality of life of people with disabilities.
Gene therapy receives a boost.
Gene therapy represents an alternative delivery system.
Gene therapy represents one hope for preventing the loss of the dopamine-producing neurons.
Gene therapy restores dogs' sight .
Gene therapy restores vision in a canine model of childhood blindness.
Gene therapy restores vision in a canine model of severe childhood blindness.
Gene therapy restores vision in dog .
Gene therapy restores vision to blind dog.
Gene therapy See how gene therapy can help fight disease.
Gene therapy seeks to cure inherited diseases and cancer by giving patients new genes.
Gene therapy seeks to prevent or treat diseases by introducing specific genes into cells.
Gene therapy shows first signs of bypassing arterial blockage.
Gene therapy targeted by radiation preferentially radiosensitizes tumor cells.
Gene therapy uses functional genes to replace defective genes that cause disease.
Gene therapy using hypoxia promoters to regulate target genes is in trial.
Gene therapy works by replacing a person's defective genes with healthy genes.
Most gene therapy extends life.
Most gene therapy helps problems.
Much gene therapy is aimed at repairing a defective protein or fighting an invading organism.
Some gene therapy enhances effects.
Some gene therapy shows disorder.
Some gene therapy shows immune disorder.
Some gene therapy shows rare disorder.
Some gene therapy shows rare immune disorder.
Some gene therapy shows rare immune system disorder.
Some gene therapy shows system disorder.
Some gene therapy uses adenovirus vectors.
Some gene therapy uses vectors.
Gene transfer is invisible.
Gene transfer is just an extension of the sort of breeding programmes that already happen.
Gene transfer is more predictable.
Gene transfer offers exciting prospects for specific therapy of human diseases.
Gene transfer using vectors and expression in the respiratory epithelium are feasible.
Some gene transfers work like a simple vaccination.
A gene is a sequence
Gene acknowledges the contributions of all the members of the aerospace industry.
Gene again rips it up, especially the ending.
Gene also does custom work .
Gene appears to alter lead's toxicity.
Gene are made up by DNA which is sources of information.
Gene are tremendous live.
Gene asks if they went.
Gene asks incredulously.
Gene asks of what.
Gene asks why.
Gene attends gala premieres.
Gene begins to think that their footsteps breaking through the frozen snow are like rifle shots.
Gene believes firmly in managing by example and never hesitates to jump in and help out when needed.
Gene believes in the viability and future of lamb production in the upper Midwest.
Gene believes that people are the most important asset in any organization.
Gene believes that the workshop is focused for governmental agencies.
Gene brings experience and showmanship to the Challenge Series.
Gene can crash under various circumstances involving manipulating pictures then saving the file.
Gene can play the guitar.
Gene can relate to the special concerns, problems, and pressures pastors are experiencing.
Gene cassettes for insertional mutagenesis and alteration of open reading frames.
Gene causes babies with ambiguous gender .
Gene causing early deafness is identified.
Gene comes to see it.
Gene construct design.
Gene creates a fractal object, and several variations from it.
Gene creates malaria drug resistance .
Gene delights in the macabre.
Gene dictates the class of the object to be searched for.
Gene distributes work orders that determines the technicians schedules each day.
Gene does plan to return to the park for the winter season.
Gene does too.
Gene embraces the joy of life, inspires spontaneity, and conjures the spirit of growth to all.
Gene encourages everyone to attend the Environmental Affairs Symposium.
Gene enjoys archery, hunting and fishing along the Missouri River.
Gene enjoys bowling and throwing darts and competes in several leagues.
Gene enjoys playing classical chamber music with several local brass quintets.
Gene escape Increased use of herbicide when planting herbicide-resistant crops.
Gene finds hard to resist at times.
Gene flies it everywhere.
Gene flow almost always decreases with increased geographic distance.
Gene flow out of a herd results from cow culling.
Gene flow small.
Gene flows within and between small populations.
Gene goes crazy about it.
Gene goes on.
Gene grabs a sword off the wall.
Gene has experience in buying and selling residential, commercial, and rural properties.
Gene has jeans.
Gene has no friends, no family, and no close ties inside the company.
Gene has no records of the sale.
Gene has over twenty years experience restoring and repairing antique furniture.
Gene has pouty red lips, a belly button, nipples, individual manicured fingers and pedicured toes.
Gene has singles for trade.
Gene has two children and six grandchildren.
Gene has two children in college.
Gene helps ward off heart disease.
Gene hides behind a rock.
Gene hopes to have the planning committee prioritize and build the Summit activities and agenda.
Gene hunting in that corner of the world offers rich bounty.
Gene imprinting explains the transmission of the childhood form primarily through the father.
Gene indicates the name of the clone.
Gene is a certified open water diver.
Gene is a collector of photography, as well a collector of Czech printmaking, drawing and painting.
Gene is a dynamic and informative speaker and always adds lots of value.
Gene is a final year undergraduate student studying telecommunications engineering.
Gene is a frequent speaker and lecturer on the topics of IT security.
Gene is a genetic program for generation and exploration of fractals.
Gene is a gifted musician - playing guitar and writing.
Gene is a graduate student in Microbiology.
Gene is a heritable factor that controls a specific characteristic.
Gene is a humorist, a playwright, and a skeptic.
Gene is a lean Theme.
Gene is a master instructor.
Gene is a much better force in the make-up.
Gene is a nature photographer specializing in Macro-Photography of plants and insects.
Gene is a patient man.
Gene is a plantsperson, lecturer, garden author, photographer and artist.
Gene is a refrigerator engineer.
Gene is a set of instructions for an inherited trait.
Gene is a silversmith.
Gene is a strong friend of education.
Gene is a student of the famed Oklahoma philosopher and humorist.
Gene is a sweetie.
Gene is a Theme.
Gene is a top cat to the public.
Gene is a true wedding professional in every sense of the word.
Gene is a very nice guy.
Gene is a woodsman.
Gene is absolutely the first man when it comes to drums.
Gene is active in a broad range of legislative, regulatory and public affairs activities.
Gene is active in the technology management community.
Gene is also a cartoonist and caricaturist.
Gene is also very active in satellite communications.
Gene is always more than willing to come in to the CBMC office to volunteer when needed.
Gene is an active New Horizon FS board member.
Gene is an assistant manager who has given up hope of ever doing what it takes to get ahead.
Gene is an avid conservationist.
Gene is an award winning artist, poet, tailor, professional actor and freelance director.
Gene is an immature teenager, never knowing how to act with courtesy or discretion.
Gene is an involved member of the congregation.
Gene is an only child.
Gene is another new volunteer who served on a sub tender, and is a union mason and painter.
Gene is arguably one of the top bar players in the country.
Gene is aware of what is going on with everyone in the Healing rooms.
Gene is back in a big way, now that it's getting warm enough to paint.
Gene is close to finalizing the list of Arizona representatives.
Gene is familiar with many phases of industrial, commercial and utility requirements.
Gene is highly motivated and hardworking.
Gene is ill.
Gene is in the process of repainting all the interior decks.
Gene is involved in a family lumber business in northern Virginia.
Gene is married and has two children.
Gene is one of our longest serving volunteers.
Gene is one of the best outdoor photographers on the river and in the area.
Gene is one of the best salesmen in Acme.
Gene is one of the top fire-breathers in the world.
Gene is originally from the Midwest.
Gene is potentially a great character.
Gene is really something else . . . .
Gene is responsible for supervising and assuring that all work is completed in a timely manner.
Gene is responsible for technical support and services worldwide.
Gene is responsible for the overall operation of the restaurant units.
Gene is right.
Gene is shocked.
Gene is shown to block the spread of prostate cancer in mice.
Gene is still around, too.
Gene is the dominator.
Gene is the first to get up.
Gene is the man when it comes to putting on parties.
Gene is the master of using dyes to touch up, tone down, or even change a color in a transparency.
Gene is the most ambitious of the bunch and dreams of striking it rich in the stock market.
Gene is the process of isolating and making copies of a gene.
Gene is the team mascot.
Gene is the toast of both coasts now, on screen and on stage.
Gene is the word use to describe a small part of the master molecule of the cell, the DNA .
Gene is through decreased expression of hepatocyte nuclear factors.
Gene is thrown in the escape pod.
Gene is unknown.
Gene is very involved in community activities.
Gene is well known as a multi-instrumentalist and performer.
Gene isa sequence.
Gene knock out and transgenic technique are being applied.
Gene knock-in' is the opposite term.
Gene leaves and goes through the motions of a typical schoolday at Devon.
Gene likes about table tennis that it is very fast, fun and inexpensive.
Gene likes the idea of starting the championship golf course community from scratch.
Gene likes to begin by planting a newly grafted apple tree.
Gene likes to make up new words .
Gene link to allergies is found.
Gene linked to increased risk of mental illness is discovered.
Gene looks mad.
Gene looks out at the world.
Gene looks sad.
Gene looks startled.
Gene loses the first game, then wins and wins and wins again.
Gene maintains a website on the cicadas.
Gene makes mostly Folders .
Gene manages to wrestle humor from the jaws of domestic disarray.
Gene needs to get a grip and quit selling out the band to the highest bidder.
Gene notices others are wearing nametags.
Gene occurs when people move into or out of a population.
Gene operates a small business.
Gene plans on at least one well plugging to be a demonstration for area residents to attend.
Gene plays a big role in the development of new repertoire for the group.
Gene plays role in breast, prostate disease.
Gene pledges to bring accountability and integrity to borough government.
Gene plunks down a quarter tip for the coffee lady and stands up to go.
Gene pool- The total collection of different alleles in an interbreeding population.
Gene possesses excellent negotiating and closing skills.
Gene pretends to be shocked.
Gene produces all the audio tapes, mixing the sounds and voices on tape.
Gene pulls a funny face and lets it go.
Gene pulls out another gun and shoots again.
Gene pushes cells into forced retirement.
Gene raises the funds through private donations.
Gene reaches the sword.
Gene refers to the genetic information or the DNA sequence at that position.
Gene rejoins Redwood City baseball team.
Gene remains terrified, however.
Gene says proudly.
Gene says yeah, probably.
Gene seems to agree .
Gene sequences from the extracts hybridize to their complementary sequences in the spots.
Gene silencing also seems to help protect genomes from foreign invaders.
Gene smokes quite a bit as things get tense.
Gene specializes in classroom management and leadership training.
Gene specializes in real estate law and also handles simple wills.
Gene spends the next few days inspecting all units.
Gene still competes in a dozen or so events a year.
Gene swings it around.
Gene takes everything in a bad way.
Gene tells left from right.
Gene tells the audience it's OK to drink from the toilet in emergency situations.
Gene therapy the challenge for the future.
Gene thinks it over.
Gene turns our attention to things that matter, radical medicine in a time of lost vision.
Gene turns the ship on.
Gene understands and begins to focus more on the band.
Gene unwillingly agrees to climb the tree next.
Gene uses binoculars up close as well as far away.
Gene wakes up the next morning and goes downstairs to eat.
Gene walks in.
Gene wants everything to be peaceful again as it had been during the Summer Session.
Gene wears it often.
Gene wins over chip VCs continue to make a beeline for India.
Genes act like loyal citizens of their chromosome neighborhood, taking their cues from neighbors.
Genes act through development to create morphological structures.
Genes activate or inhibit other genes by binding to their regulatory sequences.
Genes affect alcohol metabolism as well as pleasure thresholds.
Genes affect alcohol-heart link, researcher says.
Genes affect cultural evolution via psychological predispositions on cultural learning.
Genes affect growth, development, and appearance.
Genes affect how the body is going to relate to the environment.
Genes affect susceptibility and resistance to inflammatory and infectious diseases.
Genes affect the traits of offspring.
Genes affecting cotton fiber properties is a new area of activity in our laboratory.
Genes affecting sweetness are recessive.
Genes allow the environment to influence the development of phenotypes.
Genes allow variety to arise by mutation, and be passed on as distinct traits.
Genes alone are neither sufficient, nor necessary, in causing the antisocial behavior.
Genes also account for half the variation in the response to physical training.
Genes also can affect our response to foods.
Genes also carry the directions for blood clotting.
Genes also contain the information needed to make a specific protein.
Genes also control the production of other proteins produced by living organisms.
Genes also determine features like eye color, height, and hair color.
Genes also determine the number of fat cells a person has.
Genes also hold information that causes diseases.
Genes also influence the attraction to caffeine, at least among women.
Genes also interact with the environment to influence an individual's susceptibility to alcohol.
Genes apparently can tolerate a higher percentage of errors than computer code or written text.
Genes appear on chromosomes which can be conceived as strings of genes.
Genes appear to be part of longevity puzzle.
Genes are a form of information stored in a molecule called DNA, within the nucleus of the cell.
Genes are a major factor in how much an adolescent grows.
Genes are a part of the chromosomes that reside in the nucleus of body cells.
Genes are a set of instructions for a characteristic.
Genes are a strong influence for conservatism, and allow only modest change.
Genes are able to carry information for the formation of organic chemicals.
Genes are active and resemble cunning individuals.
Genes are also divided into structural and regulatory types.
Genes are also redundant.
Genes are an organism's chemical code book.
Genes are another essential factor, which greatly affect an individual.
Genes are areas on the chromosomes with specific function.
Genes are areas on the chromosomeswith specific function.
Genes are arranged linearly along long chains of DNA sequence, called chromosomes .
Genes are arranged linearly along long chains of DNA sequence, called chromosomes.
Genes are basically proteins that tell the body how much to grow in certain areas.
Genes are bits of information encoded on a stretch of DNA of a chromosome.
Genes are blue prints composed of thousands of genetic codes.
Genes are blueprints for every part of an organism.
Genes are blueprints for making proteins.
Genes are blueprints for proteins, which are central to all life-processes.
Genes are blueprints for the construction of proteins.
Genes are both identical in both type and amount in the cells of an organism, and species.
Genes are but one of many crucial components of the process.
Genes are capable of prodigious feats of fecundity and fidelity.
Genes are carried from parents to offspring on chromosomes.
Genes are certainly important.
Genes are chemical that can function as individual units.
Genes are chromosomes and are composed of alleles.
Genes are close to immortal.
Genes are codes of heredity stored in the DNA of almost every cell in the body.
Genes are codes or blueprints used by the body to make essential proteins.
Genes are compact in genomic space.
Genes are completely transportable.
Genes are complex and work together to perform certain biological functions.
Genes are complex and work together to perform certain functions.
Genes are components in a system that organizes the organism to experience the world.
Genes are composed of DNA base pairs, which work through coding for the production of proteins.
Genes are composed of DNA that makes up the chromosomes of cells.
Genes are considered responsible for the development of behavioural characteristics.
Genes are copied each time a cell divides into two new cells.
Genes are destiny.
Genes are difficult to identify because they are hidden amongst only five per cent of the genome.
Genes are discrete units of information that tell cells what to do.
Genes are each of the factors controlling heredity, located on a chromosome.
Genes are either dominant or recessive.
Genes are equally important with respect to the old question of homology.
Genes are essentially chemical recipes for all the parts of the human body.
Genes are essentially switches that are turned on and off by big blocks of tens or hundreds.
Genes are essentially the parameters of the problem to be solved.
Genes are evolved from ancestors.
Genes are expressed or silenced, depending on famine or fortune.
Genes are found in the form of DNA in chromosomes inside the nucleus of animal cells.
Genes are found on chromosomes.
Genes are found on long strands of DNA called chromosomes.
Genes are founds on structures in the cells of our body called chromosomes.
Genes are full of half-suppressed mutinies, selfish chromosomes.
Genes are fundamental to describing how chromosomes work.
Genes are gag, pol and env.
Genes are highly amenable to regulation.
Genes are highly heritable and easily differentiated.
Genes are immutable.
Genes are in pairs and when one of the pair is defective, the other often makes up for it.
Genes are individual instructions that determine traits like eye and hair color.
Genes are individual sections of the DNA chain.
Genes are instructions, or blueprints, that tell our bodies to grow and develop.
Genes are just molecules and early embryos are microscopic balls of cells.
Genes are just molecules.
Genes are just one of a constellation of factors that lead to the development of anxiety.
Genes are largely responsible for the initial wiring up of the brain.
Genes are less obtrusive than diprotodons, but clearly they control it all.
Genes are like a computer code that spells out the program of life for each individual.
Genes are like blueprints that direct the development and function of every cell in a person's body.
Genes are like the individual files stored on sections of the storage tape.
Genes are lined on the chromosome like beads on a string.
Genes are linked when they are on the same chromosome .
Genes are linked when they are on the same chromosome.
Genes are localized in the chromatin granules that are visible under a light microscope.
Genes are located along the length of each chromosome.
Genes are located in ducks.
Genes are located on chromosomes in the nucleus of a cell.
Genes are located on chromosomes.
Genes are located on long strands of DNA, organized in cells as chromosomes.
Genes are made from a long molecule called DNA, which is copied and inherited across generations.
Genes are made of a chemical called DNA, which is short for 'deoxyribonucleic acid'.
Genes are made of DNA , which is divided into separate pieces called chromosomes .
Genes are made of DNA .
Genes are made up of DNA molecules, which are the building blocks of heredity.
Genes are made up of DNA, which codes for traits.
Genes are markers in cells associated with hereditary traits.
Genes are molecular programs that control all life processes.
Genes are molecules that all living things carry in their cells.
Genes are molecules that contain the instructions for cells to work correctly.
Genes are more important in causing some conditions than in others.
Genes are more reliable.
Genes are more than just simple commands for making single proteins.
Genes are nature's blueprints for every living thing.
Genes are nuts.
Genes are of different sizes.
Genes are on chromosomes, and can come in alternate forms, called alleles.
Genes are on chromosomes.
Genes are one thing but the environment in which Dolly developed and now lives in, is another.
Genes are only one aspect of genealogy.
Genes are only one component of a very complex set of factors that determine behavioural traits.
Genes are operational units that occupy physical locations within DNA molecules.
Genes are organic matter.
Genes are our bodies' instructions on how to develop and how to function.
Genes are our body s instructions on how to develop and function.
Genes are our destiny.
Genes are packaged in bundles called chromosomes.
Genes are packets of DNA that are inherited by children from their parents in distinct chunks.
Genes are part of chromosomes and code for protein production in all animals.
Genes are part of chromosomes.
Genes are part of the chromosomes and coded for on the DNA strands.
Genes are particles that get inherited.
Genes are parts of DNA molecules.
Genes are parts of the chromosome that encode individual protein molecules.
Genes are passed from parent to offspring.
Genes are passed on from parents to child when the sperm and egg unite during conception.
Genes are passed vertically from one generation to the next.
Genes are pieces of DNA containing information that instruct cells on how make different proteins.
Genes are pieces of DNA that contain the instructions for making a particular protein.
Genes are pieces of DNA, and most genes contain information for making a specific protein.
Genes are pieces of DNA, and most genes contain the information for making a specific protein.
Genes are portions of the DNA molecule that fulfill specific functions.
Genes are powerful influences on physical and mental characteristics.
Genes are present within the cell in packages called chromosomes.
Genes are really bits of code.
Genes are recipes for making proteins.
Genes are regions of DNA that serve some sort of function usually via the proteins they encode.
Genes are regulated at either the transcriptional stage , or later , before translation .
Genes are regulated at either the transcriptional stage, or later, before translation.
Genes are regulated in eukaryotes through transcription factors and enhancer sequences.
Genes are replicators, individuals are their vehicles.
Genes are represented by small circles in the chromosomes.
Genes are responsible for all the functions mentioned above in the cells.
Genes are responsible for hereditary characteristics in plants and animals.
Genes are responsible for making all the proteins required by the body.
Genes are responsible for the presence of specific enzymes in the cell.
Genes are responsible for traits like a person's eye color or a vegetable's taste.
Genes are sections of DNA that act as blueprints or plans for the creation of proteins.
Genes are sections of DNA that are passed from generation to generation and perform one function.
Genes are segments of chromosomes found in the nucleus of cells.
Genes are segments of DNA arranged along a chromosome.
Genes are segments of DNA inherited by the offspring from the parent.
Genes are segments of DNA molecules that provide instructions for synthesizing proteins.
Genes are segments of DNA molecules, which contain instructions for specific proteins.
Genes are segments of DNA molecules.
Genes are segments of DNA that carry instructions for traits of organisms from parents to offspring.
Genes are segments of DNA that code for proteins.
Genes are segments of DNA that contain information necessary to make proteins.
Genes are segments of DNA that contain information passed down from parents to their children.
Genes are segments of DNA that direct the formation of a specific characteristic.
Genes are segments of DNA that eventually provide the code for proteins.
Genes are selfish, powerful, and pervasive.
Genes are self-replicating molecules.
Genes are separated by speciation then diverge separately.
Genes are sequences of nucleotides within DNA that code for functional proteins.
Genes are sequences of nucleotides.
Genes are sequences.
Genes are simply chemicals that direct the combination of more chemicals.
Genes are simply particular stretches of the DNA that constitutes chromosomes .
Genes are small structures found in chromosomes, structures within the nucleus of cells.
Genes are special chemicals that work as sets of blueprints to determine an organism's traits.
Genes are specific lengths of the DNA molecule, the base units of inheritance.
Genes are specific pieces of information that tell our bodies how to grow, function, and develop.
Genes are specific sequences of bases that encode instructions on how to make proteins.
Genes are stretches of DNA that encode information about proteins.
Genes are stretches of nucleotides that carry the information the cell uses to make proteins.
Genes are structures that are carried on larger structures called chromosomes.
Genes are substances within the fathers sperm and mothers egg.
Genes are the basic physical and functional units of heredity.
Genes are the basic unit of heredity.
Genes are the basic units of heredity and are present in the cells of all organisms.
Genes are the basic units of heredity in living organisms.
Genes are the basic units of heredity, and line up on a chromosome like beads on a string.
Genes are the basic units of heredity.
Genes are the basic units of inheritance.
Genes are the basis for it all though.
Genes are the biological plan for the construction of all living things.
Genes are the biological units of heredity.
Genes are the blueprints for body structure and function.
Genes are the blueprints for every part of an organism.
Genes are the blueprints for the production of proteins.
Genes are the blueprints for the proteins that act as the building blocks of the body's tissues.
Genes are the blueprints of life which control every aspect of a cell's behaviour.
Genes are the blueprints of life.
Genes are the building blocks of chromosomes.
Genes are the building blocks of DNA, the blueprint of life.
Genes are the building blocks of heredity.
Genes are the building blocks of life.
Genes are the building blocks of the cell that determine what a cell does.
Genes are the carriers of human genetic information.
Genes are the chemical blueprint unique to each person.
Genes are the chemical blueprints that determine an organism's traits.
Genes are the chemical instruction codes that are inside every cell.
Genes are the chemical units in the cells of the body.
Genes are the coded instructions for all the functions of cells.
Genes are the coded instructions for every function of our cells.
Genes are the codes that are passed from one generation to the next.
Genes are the determining element.
Genes are the elements of the body's cells which are responsible for our physical characteristics.
Genes are the functional components of inheritance.
Genes are the functional units of a chromosome.
Genes are the functional units of the genome .
Genes are the fundamental units of heredity.
Genes are the genetic information that tells our body what chemicals to make.
Genes are the hereditary units contained in the DNA of every living cell.
Genes are the hereditary units on chromosomes that are passed from one generation to the next.
Genes are the individual chemical instructions which tell our bodies how to work or how to develop.
Genes are the instruction manual for a cell's function and reproduction.
Genes are the instructions our body uses to run things.
Genes are the instructions that give organisms their characteristics.
Genes are the instructions to make a given protein.
Genes are the instructions which direct the growth and development of all living organisms.
Genes are the molecular code of life.
Genes are the most important factor in controlling an individuals appearance.
Genes are the physical molecular carriers of heredity.
Genes are the pieces of DNA that code for a specific protein.
Genes are the prime suspects.
Genes are the raw resource of the new economic epoch.
Genes are the sequences of DNA on a chromosome that actually direct the body to do something.
Genes are the simplest building blocks of heredity.
Genes are the smallest chemical parts that form segments of chromosomes.
Genes are the smallest units of the hereditary material.
Genes are the stuff that our lives are made of.
Genes are the tools used to build and control living creatures.
Genes are the unit of evolution.
Genes are the units of DNA that code for particular traits.
Genes are the units of hereditary material.
Genes are the units of hereditary.
Genes are the units of heredity that are passed down from parent to offspring.
Genes are the units of heredity.
Genes are thought to be large, highly com- plex, protein molecules.
Genes are to be thought of like that.
Genes are topological sequences created via stocastic chemical processes.
Genes are transcribed and translated into proteins, a process called gene expression.
Genes are transferred from both of the organisms parents into the organism.
Genes are turned on and off, one after another in a sequence like falling dominoes.
Genes are units of information about heritable traits.
Genes are units of inheritance found in body cells.
Genes are units of inheritance.
Genes are usually either dominant or recessive.
Genes are very powerful.
Genes are very small pieces of DNA when compared to the chromosomes they reside on.
Genes are very small structures inside almost every cell of the body.
Genes are very successful replicators.
Genes are what determine all characteristics of a being, such as eye color, height,or blood type.
Genes are what unite all of humanity.
Genes are without doubt an important factor in determining longevity.
Genes associated with hypoxia seem to have experienced convergent evolution.
Genes Be able to define what a gene is.
Genes begin to be transcribed.
Genes blossom from a weed.
Genes build organisms to foster their goals and care nothing for happiness, justice, and peace.
Genes bunch into cohorts and envolve together in the same way predators and prey evolve together.
Genes can affect behaviour.
Genes can also contribute heavily to some mental disorders.
Genes can also cross species, creating superweeds.
Genes can also differ in mutation rate.
Genes can also jump from one chromosome to a completely different one.
Genes can be a very complex topic to describe.
Genes can be dominant or recessive .
Genes can be either dominant or recessive .
Genes can be present but either switched on or switched off.
Genes can be social in a sense that they cooperate with other genes, individuals, groups and so on.
Genes can be the common factor of the qualities of most human-inherited traits.
Genes can be thought of as sets of instructions, there are many genes on a chromosome.
Genes can be variable in size.
Genes can cause a slight or strong susceptibility to getting a disease.
Genes can cause a slight susceptibility or a strong susceptibility.
Genes can contain information about anything related to an organism.
Genes can do unexpected and unintended things and nobody can ever be quite sure what.
Genes can exist in more than one form.
Genes can have an influence on a person's moles.
Genes can have more than one wild type allele if they are polymorphic.
Genes can have several alternate forms called alleles.
Genes can leap in the most extraordinary and alarming way.
Genes can move across species barriers by conjugation.
Genes can move between plants causing weeds and spreading to other crops.
Genes can mutate, multiply, rearrange and jump around in response to the environment.
Genes can overlap each other, appear in different reading frames and on different strands.
Genes can play a role in increasing an individual's risk of premature cardiac death.
Genes can react and are self-regulating.
Genes can travel to nearby, related plants on their own.
Genes can, for example, influence each other by means of repressor molecules.
Genes cantravel to nearby, related plants on their own.
Genes capture the evolutionary responses of prior populations to selection on behavior.
Genes carry a mechanism with which to self regulate and self perpetuate.
Genes carry chemical information that determines the organism's characteristics.
Genes carry encoded information about specific traits.
Genes carry information essential for producing all the proteins required by all organisms.
Genes carry information for a number of different functions.
Genes carry information for making all the proteins required by all organisms.
Genes carry information for making all the proteins required by organisms.
Genes carry information which is decoded by the organism to perform a specific function or task.
Genes carry instructions that allow the cells to produce specific proteins such as enzymes .
Genes carry instructions that allow the cells to produce specific proteins such as enzymes.
Genes carry instructions that guide cell growth.
Genes carry our hereditary information.
Genes carry the bits of information which determine the development and function of an individual.
Genes carry the codes that shape future generations.
Genes carry the information for making proteins.
Genes carry the information required for the body's processes and structure.
Genes carry the information used to produce the proteins required by an organism.
Genes carry the instructions for a trait.
Genes carry the necessary informationto cause that single cell to grow into a human being.
Genes carry the the information of heredity in the structure of their molecules.
Genes certainly play a part and certain chemicals, substances called carcinogens, are also involved.
Genes certainly play a role, and so do peers.
Genes change far more speedily than most evolutionary psychologists realize.
Genes clearly play a role.
Genes coding for lipases are even present in certain viruses .
Genes coding for lipases are even present in certain viruses.
Genes come from animals.
Genes come from both parents and are molded together to make a unique person.
Genes come in different forms called alleles.
Genes come in different varieties, called alleles.
Genes come in different versions, or alleles.
Genes come in flavors called alleles.
Genes come in many varieties and the evolution helps to make it happen.
Genes come in matching pairs.
Genes come in pairs with one copy inherited from each parent.
Genes come in pairs, one member of each pair inherited from the sire, the other from the dam.
Genes come in pairs, with one copy inherited from each parent.
Genes come in pairs.
Genes come in two copies per individual.
Genes come in twos with one gene inherited from the mother and one gene inherited from the father.
Genes come with switches that specify when or where the gene is activated.
Genes commonly interact with the environment before determining phenotype.
Genes comprise a minuscule fraction of an organism's matter.
Genes conferring resistance to specific diseases and pests are of particular interest.
Genes constantly mingle in nature.
Genes contain instructions for building proteins, which are involved in all sorts of things.
Genes contain instructions for making proteins.
Genes contain sites that are much freer to change during evolution than protein sequences are.
Genes contain specific information about the body.
Genes contain the chemical instructions, or recipe, for each living thing.
Genes contain the hereditary information that is passed down from parent to child.
Genes contain the hereditary information that is passed from one generation to the next.
Genes contain the information necessary to produce organisms and their adaptations.
Genes contain the information of a cell that is inherited by future cells.
Genes contain the information that controls how biological organisms look and act.
Genes contain two distinct kinds of information, structural and regulatory.
Genes containing methylated DNA are inactive.
Genes contribute to body weight.
Genes contribute to that.
Genes control all of the traits that any living organism possesses.
Genes control everything and they all interact.
Genes control hereditary characteristics.
Genes control mammals.
Genes control many divergent disease processes.
Genes control some of the process, but experience is also a crucial ingredient.
Genes control such individual characteristics as eye color, height and size.
Genes control the cell cycle in two very general ways.
Genes control the complex chemistry of the body and are passed on from patients to their children.
Genes control the finely tuned process by which cells replicate and divide.
Genes control the process.
Genes controlling the more derived aspects of chick lung development are yet to be identified.
Genes controlling the same trait occur in a variety of forms alleles.
Genes create the probability, but biology defines the possibility.
Genes desire sex.
Genes determine aging.
Genes determine an individual's general appearance and to some extent their behavior.
Genes determine an organism's growth, size, and other characteristics.
Genes determine everything from eye and skin color to vulnerability to illness.
Genes determine how amino acids fold into proteins.
Genes determine how long cells live.
Genes determine how responsive people are to the hunger they feel.
Genes determine human characteristics such as eye colour, height and even haemoglobin type.
Genes determine many aspects of anatomy and physiology by controlling the production of proteins.
Genes determine our traits, such as eye color and blood type, and can also cause disease.
Genes determine physical characteristics, such as hair or eye color.
Genes determine physical traits like eye color.
Genes determine primary structure , the linear sequence of amino acids.
Genes determine such features as the shape of a leaf or the sex, height, and hair color of a child.
Genes determine the characteristics of a cell.
Genes determine the inherited characters.
Genes determine the physical and mental characteristics of an individual.
Genes determine the sequence of amino acids in a protein.
Genes determine the structure and function of all proteins in the body.
Genes determine what traits a creature starts out with.
Genes differ in the order, or sequence, of their base pairs.
Genes direct our bodies to produce enzymes.
Genes direct the production of proteins and a faulty gene can produce a dysfunctional protein.
Genes direct the synthesis of proteins, such as receptors.
Genes do influence personality, as they do intelligence and every other aspect of being human.
Genes do limit possibility.
Genes do make a difference.
Genes do make proteins that determine ear and brain structure.
Genes do turn on and off in response to experience.
Genes don t do anything by themselves except hold the blueprints for proteins.
Genes don'tnecessarily control a single trait.
Genes duplicate, and with subsequent mutations, assume different roles.
Genes emerge through a process called mutation.
Genes encode the sequence of amino acids of a particular protein.
Genes establish the major pathways between parts of the brain.
Genes evolve according to the rules of population genetics.
Genes evolve due to natural selection or survival of the fittest of the alleles.
Genes exist in a number of different forms and can undergo mutation.
Genes exist in pairs.
Genes exist to make proteins, which direct all of the workings of the body.
Genes expressing resistance are normally at a low frequency in a population of nematodes.
Genes generally do a lot more than just one thing.
Genes give coded instructions to the cell on how to assemble proteins.
Genes give instructions on how amino acids link together to form proteins.
Genes give instructions to the cells of the body to perform certain functions.
Genes have a built-in capacity for variation.
Genes have different forms which are known as alleles.
Genes have functions - usually ones that enhance survival.
Genes have kids.
Genes have many different functions.
Genes have mobility.
Genes have switches too.
Genes have the power to direct the production of specific proteins.
Genes have their hands in bunion formation.
Genes have to be inserted into a cell's nucleus.
Genes have two main parts.
Genes implicated in cell elongation are circadian-regulated.
Genes instruct our bodies to make proteins - which determines the shape and function of each cell.
Genes interact rather than simply expressing the sum total of their effects.
Genes involved in development are of particular interest.
Genes involved in dorsal closure include rho , hemipterous and basket .
Genes involved in dorsal closure include rho, hemipterous and basket .
Genes involved in pollen development and function are of particular intrest.
Genes involved in the interaction between host and pathogen are candidates for vaccines.
Genes involved in the regulation of tissue remodeling are therefore candidate genes.
Genes just determine the limits of possibility.
Genes just increase the probability of certain behaviors.
Genes lie in sequence on the chromosome which indicates side by side duplication.
Genes lie within cells on tiny, threadlike structures called chromosomes.
Genes line up along the length of human DNA, neatly packaged in structures called chromosomes .
Genes live on chromosomes, chromosomes live in cells.
Genes located on different chromosomes assort independently during meiosis.
Genes located on different chromosomes assort independently.
Genes make an individual unique.
Genes make hens white or speckled, give frogs smooth skin, and let roses smell sweet.
Genes make proteins and control enzymes.
Genes make proteins, but proteins work only when patterned on a good DNA template.
Genes make proteins.
Genes make the dog.
Genes make up only a subset of all the DNA in a cell.
Genes manipulate external objects.
Genes manipulate the world and shape it to assist their replication.
Genes matter a lot, but external circumstances matter even more.
Genes merely hold the code to make proteins.
Genes mutate as the body ages, causing cells to malfunction and deteriorate.
Genes mutate faster in whales than in humans or bats.
Genes mutate, at a low rate, equally stable alternative forms, known as alleles.
Genes mysteriously multiply and differentiate.
Genes naturally combine into random patterns.
Genes naturally jump between species all the time.
Genes never act alone.
Genes normally come in pairs.
Genes occupy a specific place on a chromosome.
Genes occur in pairs along chromosomes.
Genes occur in pairs on chromosomes inside the nucleus of a cell.
Genes occur in pairs, one contributed by our mother and one by our father.
Genes occur in pairs, one gene comes from the mother, the other comes from the father.
Genes occur in pairs.
Genes occur in strands of genetic material within the cell called chromosomes.
Genes operate by determining the kinds of proteins that are made by cells.
Genes ordered by chromosome location see here.
Genes perform two functions.
Genes perpetuate themselves and exert their action through the proteins they encode.
Genes placed in or near the heterochromatin tend to be inactive or silent much of the time.
Genes play a part, too.
Genes play a role in all cancers.
Genes play a role in determining a woman's risk of ovarian cancer.
Genes play a role, too, making some people more likely to become addicted.
Genes play a role.
Genes play an important role in bone aging.
Genes play some role in the development of some traits.
Genes play some role, but the magnitude of that role remains to be ascertained.
Genes predispose fur to change color, changing environment provides the cues.
Genes produce proteins that control an individual's development and health.
Genes produce proteins that help the cells work properly.
Genes produce proteins.
Genes provide instructions for making proteins in the body.
Genes provide instructions for specific traits or characteristics such as hair color or blood type.
Genes provide living organisms with a kind of blueprint for inherited traits.
Genes provide the basic coding information used by the body to make proteins.
Genes provide the foundation of our personality, and some of the limits.
Genes provide the heritable variation required by the evolutionary process.
Genes provide the information for the primary structure of proteins.
Genes provide the instructions for cells to build the proteins that make life possible.
Genes provide the instructions for making specific proteins .
Genes regulate all of the functions a cell needs in order to survive.
Genes rely on signals for their marching orders.
Genes replicate themselves, but only with the aid of highly complicated molecular machinery.
Genes represent the segments of DNA that provide the chemical code for producing proteins.
Genes reproduce themselves exactly at each cell division.
Genes require electronmicrosopy whereas tusks require tape measures.
Genes reside on chromosomes - a chromosome is a string of genes, much like a string of beads.
Genes reside within long strands of DNA which in turn make up the chromosomes .
Genes reside within long strands of DNA which in turn make up the chromosomes.
Genes retain their identity as they pass from one generation to the next.
Genes run in the family.
Genes seek to reproduce themselves through having offspring.
Genes segregate normally into gametes.
Genes serve as a script that directs the body to make proteins.
Genes serve as patterns for making enzymes and other proteins.
Genes serve as the blueprint for many features.
Genes shape the structure of the nervous system.
Genes specify individual traits.
Genes specify the kinds of proteins that are made by cells.
Genes spread very slowly.
Genes tell a new story on the spread of man.
Genes tell cells how to make proteins, which are crucial for each cell's structure and functioning.
Genes tell cells in the body what to do.
Genes tell cells what proteins to produce, and proteins are the basis of all biological processes.
Genes tell specific cells when to be gin growing and how many cells to make.
Genes tell the cell how to live, grow and divide.
Genes tell the cells how to work together to form a whole animal or plant.
Genes tend to work in groups in an organised but barely understood way.
Genes travel in gropes from parent to child and affect many different traits at once.
Genes turn on and off to control our growth, body chemistry and even the color of our hair and eyes.
Genes turn the fetus into a boy.
Genes typically have a sequence several hundred to several thousand nucleotides long.
Genes ultimately code for proteins.
Genes vary in length and sequence according to the protein they code for.
Genes vary in size, depending on the size of the protein.
Genes work by coding for a specific protein which are almost always enzymes.
Genes work in concert with other genes.
Genes work to determine the course of development in the growing human embryo.
Genes yield unearned advantages.
Gene always talk about giving the fans what they want.
Genes always come in pairs.
Gene often performs with the band around Chicago, and makes occasional gigs out of town also.
Genes often have alternative forms of expression, called alleles.
Genes often work together when plants develop tolerance for environmental stresses.
Genes sometimes change to alternative forms.
Genes sometimes play a part.
Genes usually come in pairs one inherited from each parent.
Genes usually come in pairs with one inherited from each parent.
Genes usually come in pairs, and they determine everything about our bodies.
Genes usually come in palrs one lnherited from each parent.
Genes usually exist in two copies - one inherited from the mother and one inherited from the father.
All genes also have specific stretches of DNA that regulate expression of that gene.
All genes are abnormal.
All genes are codes tellling the body how to make important chemicals called proteins.
All genes are essential for cell viability and encode proteins that form a complex in vivo.
All genes are present in cells but some are turned off.
All genes are present twice.
All genes assort independently.
All genes eventually coalesce into a single common ancestor.
All genes have the potential to come in lots of mutant flavors - lots of alleles.
All genes interact.
All genes mutate over time, which can be beneficial, harmful or meaningless.
All genes possess regions that code for a product such as an enzyme.
All genes show evidence of movement, each gene moving in a distinct pattern.
All genes shown in upper case are dominant.
All genes work in the context of environment and behavior.
Any gene can mutate at any time.
Any gene consisting only of viruses dies.
Any gene encoding a protein that influences alcohol action becomes a candidate gene for alcoholism.
Every gene comes in pairs, one inherited from each parent.
Every gene has multiple alleles.
Every gene is encoded to express, or produce, a protein.
Every gene is responsible for producing a particular type of protein.
Every gene produces a unique protein that serves a specific function in a cell.
Every gene remains under the control of the organism s intricately balanced regulatory system.
Every gene remains under the control of the organism's intricately balanced regulatory system.
Many genes acting together can produce the obese state or be a major factor in the production of it.
Many genes affect the trait as a variety of environmental influences.
Many genes apparently control the inheritance of the white-red color complex.
Many genes are activated and inactivated resulting in a specialized blood cell.
Many genes are active in only certain cells, and for only certain periods of time.
Many genes are partially redundant.
Many genes are redundant, since knocking out some genes result in no obvious phenotype.
Many genes are very similar from the lowest to the highest eukaryotic animals.
Many genes belong to multigene families.
Many genes can influence a complex trait.
Many genes change.
Many genes come in a number of variant forms, known as alleles .
Many genes come in different versions, called alleles.
Many genes control resin production.
Many genes exist as several alternative alleles.
Many genes have a single transcript, but some have several different transcripts.
Many genes have more than one effect.
Many genes have more than two alleles, which mean more than two alternative forms of the same genes.
Many genes have more than two alleles.
Many genes have multiple alleles that exist within a population.
Many genes have several variant forms, which are called alleles.
Many genes identified so far have no known function and appear unique to humans.
Many genes influence an animal's performance.
Many genes influence silencing in yeast.
Many genes influence the actions of other, seemingly unrelated genes.
Many genes interact with each other and with other biological and environmental factors.
Many genes potentially involved in renal carcinogenesis still remain unknown.
Many genes put together are called an allele.
Many genes show sequence conservation during evolution.
More genes assort independently than there are chromosomes.
More genes remain to be discovered.
Most genes are actually identifiable within families.
Most genes are encoded on the same DNA strand and the standard genetic code is used.
Most genes are evolved from ancestors.
Most genes are located in ducks.
Most genes are pleiotropic .
Most genes can do little until spurred on by other substances.
Most genes carry information which is necessary to synthesize a protein .
Most genes come from animals.
Most genes comes in families which share structural similarities.
Most genes consist of regulatory and coding sequences .
Most genes consist of several thousand base pairs.
Most genes depend to some degree upon their environment for their expression.
Most genes encode information for the synthesis of a protein b.
Most genes encode the instructions for producing a protein.
Most genes exist in different versions or alleles.
Most genes have a number of synonyms .
Most genes have a very low rate of mutation.
Most genes have more than one allele, but any individual willhave no more than two.
Most genes occupy a specific place on a certain chromosome.
Most genes occur as alleles, which give rise to differences in phenotype.
Most genes occur in pairs.
Some genes act like punctuation in a sentence to mark the beginning and end of a sequence.
Some genes affect behavior by even more indirect routes.
Some genes affect both.
Some genes affect more than one feature in the phenotype.
Some genes alter the extracellular environment.
Some genes are dominant and others are recessive.
Some genes are dominant and some arc essive.
Some genes are dominant and some are recessive.
Some genes are dominant and some re- cessive.
Some genes are dominant, and some are recessive.
Some genes are dominant, while others are recessive.
Some genes are dominant.
Some genes are incompletely penetrant.
Some genes are located in animals.
Some genes are located in cats.
Some genes are located in jellyfish.
Some genes are located in mammals.
Some genes are located in mice.
Some genes are located in vertebrates.
Some genes are located in worms.
Some genes are located on the X chromosome.
Some genes are more valuable than others.
Some genes are neither dominant nor recessive and the heterozygote is a third phenotype.
Some genes are neither dominant nor recessive.
Some genes are part of autosomes.
Some genes are part of chromosomes.
Some genes are part of exons.
Some genes are part of introns.
Some genes are part of nuclei.
Some genes are rare but most are common.
Some genes are similar and can take over for the defective one.
Some genes are subject to a relatively high rate of new mutation.
Some genes are too large for a single virus to carry.
Some genes can convert other genes to their own DNA sequence.
Some genes can jump around between different places in the chromosomes.
Some genes come from cattle.
Some genes come from sheep.
Some genes contain information to specify particular enzymes.
Some genes contain instructions for controlling when our cells grow, divide into new cells, and die.
Some genes control the body's manufacture of a particular enzyme.
Some genes control the way cells react to injury, such as damage from stress.
Some genes derive from spiders.
Some genes determine the colour of our eyes, for example, and the shape of our nose.
Some genes have a negative effect on the progress of the cell cycle.
Some genes have a negative effect, while others have a positive effect.
Some genes have alternate transcripts, which appear stacked on top of each other.
Some genes have both regulatory and structural functions.
Some genes have control regions on the chromosome.
Some genes have instructions for controlling when our cells grow, divide into new cells, and die.
Some genes lead to disease.
Some genes make mice.
Some genes make rabbits.
Some genes only express a given phenotype in certain environmental conditions.
Some genes overlap, some are split genes.
Some genes play a role in early development of the embryo and are then shut down forever.
Some genes produce more than one polypeptide.
Some genes produce noticeable traits, like hair or eye color.
Some genes require additional termination proteins.
Some genes respond to additional regulatory elements as well as to promoters and enhancers.
Some genes specify traits such as hair color.
Some genes suppress tumor formation.
Some genes turn into pets.
Some genes work in concert with other genes.
Genealogical abridgement has biblical precedent, as was disussed earlier.
Genealogical analogies can be useful, but there is a conflict of intuition about the direction.
Genealogical correspondence has a way of staying around for a long time.
Genealogical data is entered in individual- and marriage cards which can be simply edited.
Genealogical evidence shows that many families intermarried for generations.
Genealogical facts are few and far between, yet they are there.
Genealogical information is passed around among enthusiasts very freely.
Genealogical information is scattered throughout the book.
Genealogical information varies considerably in the private land claims.
All genealogical information is appreciated.
Any genealogical information can contain errors and electronic information is no exception.
More genealogical information is available online.
Much genealogical information is included.
More genealogical investigation is needed here to clarify.
Genealogical material is available from the front desk.
Genealogical materials are limited.
Much genealogical material is only available on microform.
Genealogical methods provide a powerful way to analyze samples of alleles at non-recombining loci.
Genealogical periodicals are a special breed.
Many genealogical publishers offer the forms for sale.
Some genealogical publishers have their catalogs on line.
Genealogical record is already in that base.
Genealogical records are available upon request.
Genealogical records take up the lion's share and mark the highest circulation rate.
Some genealogical reports use a breadth-first presentation order.
Genealogical research adds to the permanent record of our country.
Genealogical research can be a long and frustrating endeavor.
Genealogical research can help establish Indian status or band membership.
Genealogical research involves time, dogged detective work, and luck.
Genealogical research is a boon to the Canadian tourist industry.
Genealogical research is a growing interest on the Net.
Genealogical research is a science requiring good analysis skills and mental concentration.
Genealogical research is a time consuming process requiring special knowledge and skills.
Genealogical research is a time consuniing process.
Genealogical research is accomplished, one step at a time.
Genealogical research is an exercise bound by geography and history.
Genealogical research is like conducting an investigation.
Genealogical research is performed by the town historians.
Genealogical research is the most popular subject.
Genealogical research is time consuming and painstaking work and is a job for experts.
Genealogical research is truly an adventure of a lifetime.
Genealogical research requires a combination of patience and persistence.
Genealogical research takes time and require expert employees.
Genealogical research takes time.
Genealogical researchers delight in using the appendix of the book.
Genealogical sessions are also popular sharing times.
Genealogical societies are also very helpful.
Genealogical societies are usually volunteer, have varying levels of expertise and limited time.
Genealogical societies exist at all levels.
Genealogical societies form a solid foundation upon which the genealogical community rests.
Genealogical societies offer meetings and classes.
All genealogical societies welcome members and guests to their meetings.
Most genealogical societies publish a newsletter.
Most genealogical societies publish queries for members.
Any genealogical study builds on the work of others.
Genealogical supplies are available for sale.
Many genealogical tours are also available.
Genealogical trips are one thing, but interlibrary loans are simple, inexpensive and handy.
A genealogist is an expert
Genealogists also help track down relatives.
Genealogists are a great bunch of people and the key is in sharing.
Genealogists are among the most generous, outgoing, caring and sharing people in the world.
Genealogists are as guilty as others in failing to identify and catalog family photographs.
Genealogists are experts.
Genealogists are fortunate to live in such an age.
Genealogists are gatherers of family information and documents.
Genealogists are meticulous about finding out the source of information.
Genealogists are neither a new threat, nor any threat at all.
Genealogists are no different.
Genealogists are on hand to trace visitors' Scottish ancestry.
Genealogists are on tap, ready to dispense advice on how to find the family's missing link.
Genealogists are people and a few are rude.
Genealogists are people who study and write genealogies.
Genealogists are strange creatures.
Genealogists are time travelers.
Genealogists are time un-ravelers.
Genealogists are time unravelers.
Genealogists are time unravels.
Genealogists are usually eager to lend a hand.
Genealogists are very fortunate that the people of the past left a paper trail.
Genealogists are well-advised to play the odds in research but never in reaching conclusions.
Genealogists can be deadly serious, but they can also be light hearted.
Genealogists can be valuable.
Genealogists can discover homes, landmarks, or events connected with their ancestors.
Genealogists can do the same.
Genealogists can find deeds very helpful in discovering family relationships.
Genealogists can find information on the sources by clicking here .
Genealogists can obtain information from their local libraries.
Genealogists can print out the chapters on their home computers.
Genealogists can put reporters to shame.
Genealogists can research through journals and computers.
Genealogists can scroll to the end of the document where a few genealogical links are located.
Genealogists can submit queries.
Genealogists can track family trees.
Genealogists collect dead relatives.
Genealogists collect information.
Genealogists discover new facts about their family trees.
Genealogists do it for the memories.
Genealogists do it generation after generation.
Genealogists do it in libraries.
Genealogists do it in the library.
Genealogists do it off the record.
Genealogists do it with a computer.
Genealogists find articles and obituaries on members of their family.
Genealogists find church records choice material for finding valuable family data.
Genealogists find it useful.
Genealogists have to write letters.
Genealogists have two plans to select for service.
Genealogists keep track of millions of individuals without the benefit of any numerical identifiers.
Genealogists know a lot better than that.
Genealogists know how connections happen.
Genealogists like to find missing persons.
Genealogists like to use old maps to see ancestral lands.
Genealogists live in the past lane.
Genealogists look for family names.
Genealogists look for family records.
Genealogists love a mystery.
Genealogists never die they just haunt cemeteries.
Genealogists never die, they just loose their roots.
Genealogists never die, they just lose their census.
Genealogists never die, they just lose their roots.
Genealogists never lose their jobs, they just go to another branch.
Genealogists never lose thier jobs, they just go to another branch.
Genealogists never prune their family trees because they're always looking for new branches.
Genealogists post messages and hope for responses.
Genealogists preach the gospel of begets, of noting the birth and death dates of each family member.
Genealogists probably use census records more often than any other type of federal record.
Genealogists recognize the importance of sharing the records of all our families.
Genealogists regularly review their research and make conclusions about what they found.
Genealogists rely on official records for proof of information to document our past.
Genealogists require a minor knowledge of some historical dates.
Genealogists research the location of obscure European and American villages.
Genealogists shake the family tree for a deeper understand-ing of the road once traveled.
Genealogists surfing the internet learn about valuable services, products, and events.
Genealogists take a special interest in generation gaps.
Genealogists trace family histories.
Genealogists use birth, death, and marriage records to trace family history.
Genealogists use family group sheets and pedigree charts to display such information.
Genealogists use gravemarkers to trace family roots.
Genealogists use their eyes for the bulk of their genealogical work, and rightly so.
Genealogists use web page to further their research.
Genealogists visit our office to do research on their ancestors.
Genealogists always record events according to the times in which they happened.
Genealogists frequently enter the same inquiries in several places.
Genealogists often demand three sources to substantiate an ancestry claim.
Genealogists often find their ancestors by accident.
Genealogists often get to know one another's ancestors better than they get to know one another.
Genealogists often have no easy access to the information posted here.
Genealogists often visit cemeteries.
Genealogists usually refer to one of the three brothers in discussing lineage.
All genealogists admit their work contains mistakes.
All genealogists are welcome to visit.
All genealogists use the census, especially now that more schedules are becoming available online.
Any genealogist can testify that dates in family research are anything but rock solid.
Every genealogist can relate to the problem of finding information to identify female ancestors.
Every genealogist knows that genealogy is a research enterprise.
Every genealogist knows the value of family Bible records.
Many genealogists often write their family history which is a result of a lifetime of research.
Many genealogists assume it is too expensive to publish a book.
Many genealogists charge more to afford the ongoing training needed to provide better service.
Many genealogists have a love-hate relationship with the library.
Many genealogists have computer files that contain their family information.
Many genealogists love to pore over a packet of estate settlement papers.
Many genealogists make a jingling sound when the walk.
Many genealogists neglect ordering copies of vital records for recent generations.
Many genealogists record the surname in capital letters to avoid confusion with first names.
Many genealogists use newspapers to discover information about their family.
Most genealogists also love mysteries.
Most genealogists are avid about the right to open vital records.
Most genealogists are content to write letters and wait.
Most genealogists charge an hourly rate plus expenses.
Most genealogists delete living people from their websites.
Most genealogists hate writing.
Most genealogists know that it's important to use acid-free paper for their record keeping.
Most genealogists learn to deal with slight variant spellings of their names.
Most genealogists like to learn about their cousins and contemporaries.
Most genealogists truly believe that they are passing for normal in social situations.
Most genealogists uncover at least one ancestor or relative who was less than perfect.
Some genealogists are fortunate enough to have material written by their ancestors.
Some genealogists are outrageously careless.
Some genealogists are so concerned with efficiency they never want to research the same book twice.
Some genealogists attend a lecture solely to ask a question of the speaker.
Some genealogists have full lists on their sites as well.
Some genealogists have non-genealogy commitments, such as family and employment.
Some genealogists record precisely what is recorded in a parish register.
Some genealogists simply bill as they work.
Genealogy charts are high resolution color prints, printed on archival paper.
Genealogy programs require smaller image files than archival quality scans.
Most genealogy programs retain records in the order they are entered.
Genealogy software is no exception.
Genealogy software presents several challenges to sharing information.
Genealogy software serves the same function that paper forms served in the good old days.
All genealogy software includes the basic forms - family group sheets and pedigree charts.
Some genealogy software includes tools for Web site creation.
Genealogy Today Find advice, searches and helpful articles.
Genealogy websites contain many names, and are especially valuable for coming up with surnames.
Most genealogy websites relate to surnames.
Genealogies are a feature of Genesis.
Genealogies are sometimes difficult to borrow.
Genealogies are very important.
Genealogies can help to establish identity .
Genealogies have gaps.
Genealogies provide valuable historical links.
Genealogy allows teachers to make the study of history personal to each and every student.
Genealogy also covers the study and research of pedigrees.
Genealogy attempts to find and disclose the relations of power that are taken for granted or hidden.
Genealogy becomes more a tool of power than an origin and haven of power.
Genealogy becomes no fun.
Genealogy becomes the history of a race after a few centuries.
Genealogy builds connections.
Genealogy can be a complex undertaking.
Genealogy can be a very frustrating, challenging and time-consuming endeavor.
Genealogy can be a very interesting and rewarding hobby for everyone, young and old.
Genealogy can be a very rewarding and satisfying hobby.
Genealogy can be an aerobic sport.
Genealogy can be fun too.
Genealogy can be many things to many people .
Genealogy can be rewarding.
Genealogy can be very addictive.
Genealogy connects past, present, and future into one.
Genealogy contains links to various family history research sites.
Genealogy Describes the naturalization process.
Genealogy discover a very powerful search utility and online genealogy investigating tool.
Genealogy dotcoms vie for the dollars of family tree climbers.
Genealogy draws in new members.
Genealogy Easily find family crests and surname meanings.
Genealogy forms online.
Genealogy Get tips on researching Native American history.
Genealogy gives legitimacy and respectability to the institution of nobility.
Genealogy Go to our databases .
Genealogy has lots of family history information.
Genealogy helps people discover who they are.
Genealogy Includes info.
Genealogy involves all of that, and so much more.
Genealogy Is . . . . .
Genealogy Is . . .
Genealogy is a branch of historical research.
Genealogy is a continuous story that never ends.
Genealogy is a creative endeavor, so looking at different perspectives can help our discoveries.
Genealogy is a descendents list with anecdotes.
Genealogy is a diverse field.
Genealogy is a fascinating and rewarding hobby.
Genealogy is a fascinating hobby.
Genealogy is a feast or famine sort of hobby.
Genealogy is a field
Genealogy is a fun and rewarding hobby.
Genealogy is a fun hobby.
Genealogy is a great way to put the history of our culture in perspective.
Genealogy is a Greek word which means to trace ancestry or roots.
Genealogy is a growing past time for many people both in the States and in Europe.
Genealogy is a highly addictive pastime.
Genealogy is a hobby for many people, and it's a great hobby.
Genealogy is a hobby that is about enjoyment.
Genealogy is a hobby that provides great pleasure.
Genealogy is a hobby that requires persistence, luck and more than a little patience.
Genealogy is a hot item on the internet.
Genealogy is a hot topic on the Internet.
Genealogy is a list of ancestors of the author.
Genealogy is a list of descendents plus some anecdotes.
Genealogy is a little like a map.
Genealogy is a living science.
Genealogy is a lot of fun, can be time consuming but still fun.
Genealogy is a lot of fun.
Genealogy is a methodical study that seeks to document lines of descent of a family or families.
Genealogy is a mystery lover's paradise because it's a mystery a minute.
Genealogy is a never ending history of families and their lives.
Genealogy is a never-ending process that started long ago, and is a part of all our lives.
Genealogy is a never-ending story.
Genealogy is a popular subject for research in the archives.
Genealogy is a quest for our roots and our place in history.
Genealogy is a record of a person's ancestors.
Genealogy is a record of ancestors, or descendants.
Genealogy is a study of our biological lineage and our family history.
Genealogy is a subject that really comes alive with alot of people involved.
Genealogy is a thing of the past.
Genealogy is a time-honoured pursuit.
Genealogy is a unique topic of study in education in that it incorporates nearly every content area.
Genealogy is a useful starting point for British people looking on the internet.
Genealogy is a very addictive hobbie.
Genealogy is a very exciting hobby and can provide a real sense of accomplishment.
Genealogy is a very interesting subject.
Genealogy is a very old kind of research.
Genealogy is a very personal endeavor.
Genealogy is a very personal, very passionate hobby.
Genealogy is a wonderfully challenging puzzle.
Genealogy is a work in progress.
Genealogy is about both sets of genes, our mothers and fathers.
Genealogy is about sharing.
Genealogy is about working back from known facts.
Genealogy is alive and well on the Web.
Genealogy is all about links - geographical, historical, social.
Genealogy is all around the world.
Genealogy is all the above.
Genealogy is America's fastest-growing hobby.
Genealogy is an account of the descent of a person, family, or group from an ancestor.
Genealogy is an addiction.
Genealogy is an admirable hobby or profession.
Genealogy is an art.
Genealogy is an effort to introduce the present to the past.
Genealogy is an enriching experience because it opens new doors for learning.
Genealogy is an everchanging hobby.
Genealogy is an interactive, team effort.
Genealogy is an interest that is fascinating more and more people.
Genealogy is another branch of history.
Genealogy is as much the art of disproving a piece of family information as well as proving one.
Genealogy is as old as the Bible.
Genealogy is big business, folks.
Genealogy is both a study of history and a resolution of one's personal quest.
Genealogy is but the history of common citizens.
Genealogy is central to the church belief that families can be united in the afterlife.
Genealogy is contagious.
Genealogy is critical.
Genealogy is currently second.
Genealogy is discipline.
Genealogy is fraught with leaps of faith.
Genealogy is full of mystery.
Genealogy is gray, meticulous and patiently documentary.
Genealogy is important to our history.
Genealogy is included as it is so closely entwined with history.
Genealogy is just a hobby.
Genealogy is kin.
Genealogy is life in the past lane.
Genealogy is meant to deliver a moral message.
Genealogy is more than a hobby.
Genealogy is more than a passing interest for some.
Genealogy is more than a sentimental journey.
Genealogy is more than identifying our ancestors.
Genealogy is more than paperwork.
Genealogy is more then just searching a name.
Genealogy is much more than names and dates, births, marriages, deaths and burials.
Genealogy is names, dates and places.
Genealogy is no exception.
Genealogy is no longer the collection of names and dates, but rather a history of people.
Genealogy is one of America's most popular hobbies.
Genealogy is one of the fastest growing hobbies and businesses.
Genealogy is one of the fastest growing hobbies in the United States.
Genealogy is one of the fastest growing hobbies in the world.
Genealogy is one of the fastest growing pastimes.
Genealogy is one of the major hobbies on the Net.
Genealogy is one of the most important areas of the interest to the Maclean visitor.
Genealogy is one of the most popular reasons for online usage today.
Genealogy is one of the most popular subjects, but philosophy and law are also very popular.
Genealogy is one of the most popular uses of the Internet right now.
Genealogy is one of the world s most popular hobbies.
Genealogy is only one of the many courses offered.
Genealogy is our main interest.
Genealogy is part history and part mystery.
Genealogy is people collecting people.
Genealogy is popular in Hungary.
Genealogy is popular.
Genealogy is quite an interesting hobby.
Genealogy is really a genetic question.
Genealogy is relative.
Genealogy is sanitized history.
Genealogy is still on hold for now.
Genealogy is the basic part of family history.
Genealogy is the correct spelling.
Genealogy is the drama of ordinary people doing ordinary and extraordinary things.
Genealogy is the fastest growing hobby in North America.
Genealogy is the fastest growing hobby in the western world.
Genealogy is the fastest growing hobby today.
Genealogy is the first cousin of history, and it is closely related to geography.
Genealogy is the number one hobby in America today.
Genealogy is the number one hobby in the United States and is fast becoming a national obsession.
Genealogy is the number one hobby through out the world.
Genealogy is the recording of the pedigree of a person or family over a number of generations.
Genealogy is the science of family history research.
Genealogy is the science of studying and pursuing ones ancestry.
Genealogy is the second most popular hobby in America and one of the fastest growing.
Genealogy is the second most popular hobby on the Web.
Genealogy is the second most popular hobby.
Genealogy is the study and tracing of families.
Genealogy is the study of ancestry, or the record of descendants from an ancestor.
Genealogy is the study of family history and the discovery of one's roots.
Genealogy is the study of family history, and for many it is an interesting hobby.
Genealogy is the study of family history.
Genealogy is the study of ones ancestry, or more simply, tracing one's family heritage.
Genealogy is the study of one's ancestry.
Genealogy is the study of one's family roots or origins.
Genealogy is the study of ordinary people.
Genealogy is the study of the descent of a person, family, or group from an ancestor.
Genealogy is the study of the descent of persons from their ancestors.
Genealogy is the world's most popular hobby.
Genealogy is truly history writ small, history up close and personal.
Genealogy is visited by many search engines on a regular basis.
Genealogy just has to be the most interesting hobby of all.
Genealogy links German links continue on to next generation or please sign guestbook before leaving.
Genealogy Links some links to genalogy sites on the Internet.
Genealogy Offers genealogy research services.
Genealogy provides a way to see ancestors as more than entries on a family tree.
Genealogy Read about our family history.
Genealogy replaces that sense of bonding with place, history and society.
Genealogy reports available on request.
Genealogy requires skill, knowledge and experience.
Genealogy seeks to reestablish the systems of subjugation, the h azardous play of dominations.
Genealogy sees the development of humanity as a series of interpretations.
Genealogy start here page.
Genealogy supports genealogical research for the U.S. and Canada.
Genealogy takes a lot of detailed work and recognition is well deserved.
Genealogy takes a special interest.
Genealogy takes patience, persistence and organizational skills.
Genealogy takes time and requires expert employees.
Genealogy Talk about a diabolical hobby.
Genealogy Try our NEW service.
Genealogy underlies our concepts of diachronic and synchronic classification.
Genealogy uses both text and diagrams mainly consisting of rondels connected by double lines.
Genealogy websites A comprehensive genealogy website.
Genealogy Welcome everyone, from hot south Texas.
Genealogy works upwards as well as downward.
Genealogy often depends upon an exchange of information.
Genealogy usually is listed as the nation's second most popular hobby.
All genealogies are works in progress.
All genealogy is a work in progress.
Many genealogies are documents loaded with vital statistics.
Some genealogies go so far as to establish the English or Dutch origins of a family.
Genemed synthesis offers a wide range of custom DNA and peptides.
Geneological research is available by mail.
Genera are alphabetical within the family.
Genera are groups of closely related species.
Genera are mostly feminine because most early Latin speakers thought of plants as feminine.
Genera have the suffix virus .
Genera have the suffix virus.
Genera is the plural of genus, and genus is one of the components of a plant name.
Genera mentioned in the main text are listed under the phylum to which they belong.
Genera provides very simple mechanisms for creating such cross-database links.
Genera vary in the number of characters they express.
All genera have spadices bearing bisexual naked flowers.
All genera have two rows of overlapping, keeled scales on the underside of the tail near the base.
Many genera are agile and extremely graceful in their movements.
Many genera are agile climbers, and otters and minks are skillful swimmers.
Many genera are exclusively stygobiont, whereas others are epigean.
Many genera are represented.
Many genera contain just one species, while some huge genera have more than a thousand.
Many genera contain pathogenic bacteria species .
Most genera also reproduce sexually, and the simpler members are isogamous.
Most genera are divided into species, some of which are common to more than one genus.
Most genera have few species Most species occupy small geographic areas.
Most genera have vertical pupils.
Some genera are aquatic or semi-aquatic.
Some genera are important as poisonous plants.
Some genera are nearly cosmopolitan in distribution.
Some genera are poisonous.
Some genera contain only one species but most genera are made up of many species.
Some genera have long, projecting guard hairs in the pelage.
Some genera have more than one page.
Some genera have two names until concensus is reached.
Some genera have white or buffy crescents or semicircles on the chest.
Some genera prefer the safety of caves.
General absolution is given without confession when confession is impossible.
General acceptance is an austere standard absent from and incompatible with the Rules of Evidence.
General access is made by providing trustee rights at the group level.
All general access IITS computer labs have black toner laser printers for users.
More general access is a long way down the track.
General activity rhythms in hamsters with septal lesions.
General ads are at the bottom of the text publication of each weekly issue.
General ads are one paragraph of text with the job title in all caps and bold.
General administration includes all administrative costs.
General administration is completed.
General administration is the off-site bureaucracy at district, county, state and federal levels.
General admission applies for non-members.
General admission begins approximately one hour prior to curtain.
General admission guarantees a packed front row, and that it became in a matter of minutes.
General admission includes museum exhibits and one IMAX film.
General admission is always free.
General admission is blah dollars, specail exhibits are blah blah blah.
General admission is charged for use of the library.
General admission is charged, and there is an additional charge to use the large parking lot.
General admission is charged.
General admission is free at the door.
General admission is free on Wednesdays.
General admission is free, but some events cost extra.
General admission is free, while there is a small fee for admission to the museum and some events.
General admission is free.
General admission is just seven bucks.
General admission is lawn seating.
General admission is valid for the day of purchase and is non-transferrable.
General admission is waived for shoppers who only have time to visit the Store.
General admission sales four weeks prior to each performance.
General advantages are obvious to anyone who owns one.
General advertisers click here.
General advertising emphasizes a product or brand.
General advice can differ following hernia repair.
General advice is also available at no cost.
General advice is available about the information necessary.
General advice is listed here in the parent category.
General advice is to keep toxic holiday plants out of children s reach.
General advice is to try big stationery stores, pen shops, gift shops, etc.
General advice prevents possible pitfalls and needless graduation delays.
Much general advice is available on habitat creation and management.
Some general advice is below.
General advisors are available on a walk-in and appointment basis.
General advisors are either faculty members or professional advisors.
General advisors assist students with admission and registration procedures.
General agreement exists between the mentor pairs about most of the interaction items.
General aims are research and prevention.
General allergies are very severe.
General almanacs provide broad coverage both geographically and in terms of subjects covered.
General anaesthesia is an exception.
General anaesthesia is anaesthesia
General anaesthesia is the rule.
General anaesthesia is the technique of choice for caesarean section.
General anaesthesia is used.
More general analyses are also possible.
More general analysis including some parasitic parameters is to be obserwed below.
General anesthesia can have side effects.
General anesthesia can sometimes depress the person's central nervous system.
General anesthesia causes loss of consciousness with local anesthesia numbing a certain area.
General anesthesia combines amnesia, analgesia, skeletal muscle relaxation, and sensory blockade.
General anesthesia has a higher risk of complication than the actual abortion procedure.
General anesthesia has a number of benefits.
General anesthesia has risks.
General anesthesia increases the risk of death from vacuum curettage abortion.
General anesthesia is a deeper plane where sleep is guaranteed and is available for most procedures.
General anesthesia is a last resort.
General anesthesia is a means of inducing sleep.
General anesthesia is a nonphysiological state which often sig nificantly affects laboratory data.
General anesthesia is a reversible state of unconsciousness and insensibility to pain.
General anesthesia is a type of anesthesia which puts the person to sleep.
General anesthesia is administered and preparations are made for chest surgery.
General anesthesia is administered to keep the patient still during the procedure.
General anesthesia is administered via a double lumen endotracheal tube.
General anesthesia is administered, and preparations for chest surgery are made.
General anesthesia is also a plausible approach in extreme cases.
General anesthesia is also available, administered by board-certified anesthesiologists.
General anesthesia is an excellent alternative.
General anesthesia is anaesthesia
General anesthesia is anesthesia.
General anesthesia is another form of pain relief.
General anesthesia is clearly the more traditional choice.
General anesthesia is entirely painless.
General anesthesia is given by a member of the department of anesthesia.
General anesthesia is given for sedation.
General anesthesia is induced in the usual manner.
General anesthesia is like sleeping.
General anesthesia is most common.
General anesthesia is necessary to carefully replace the prolapsed organ inside the body.
General anesthesia is necessary, and the recovery period is a bit longer.
General anesthesia is needed.
General anesthesia is neither necessary nor desirable, except in special circumstances.
General anesthesia is no longer a standard requirement.
General anesthesia is recommended.
General anesthesia is required for most Liposuction of the hips, buttocks, and thighs.
General anesthesia is required, but the cat is anesthetized for only a very short period of time.
General anesthesia is required.
General anesthesia is reversed at the end of surgery and the patient is taken to the recovery room.
General anesthesia is the most common type.
General anesthesia is the norm.
General anesthesia is the preferred anesthetic for vasectomy reversal.
General anesthesia is used for emergencies during the birthing process.
General anesthesia is used for major surgeries and leaves a patient completely unconscious.
General anesthesia is used for most major operations.
General anesthesia is used for most surgeries, and someone skilled at anesthesia is always present.
General anesthesia is used for the procedure.
General anesthesia is used in the very rare cases where open surgery is required.
General anesthesia is used primarily for major operations, and the patient is completely asleep.
General anesthesia is used to keep the patient deep asleep and pain-free.
General anesthesia is used.
General anesthesia is usually a combination of both inhalation and intravenous methods.
General anesthesia is usually unnecessary and undesirable.
General anesthesia is utilized routinely for young children.
General anesthesia makes a patient unconscious and insensible to any feeling.
General anesthesia maximizes patient comfort during the procedure.
General anesthesia means that a person is put to sleep with medications and feels no pain.
General anesthesia means the person is put to sleep with medications.
General anesthesia produces a loss of sensation throughout the entire body.
General anesthesia provides complete relief from both anxiety and pain.
General anesthesia puts the whole patient into a type of deep sleep.
General anesthesia relaxes the pelvic muscles so the doctor can feel deep structures.
General anesthesia renders a person unconscious so that the entire body feels no pain.
General anesthesia requires either an anesthesiologist or a nurse anesthetist to be present.
General anesthesia tends to cause vasodilation.
General anesthetic does carry certain risks, but can leave the child with better dental memories.
General anesthetic is a drug
General anesthetic is anesthetic.
General anesthetic is induced using the most modern agents.
General anesthetics are drugs that cause a temporary loss of consciousness.
General anesthetics are similar to nitrous oxide, although more toxic.
General anesthetics can easily kill a person.
All general anesthetics appear to shut off the brain from external stimuli.
Most general anesthetics are potent myocardial depressants and vasodilators.
Some general answers come to mind.
General antibiotics can handle the infection itself sometimes.
General appearance is that of a sturdy, well boned, long coated dog of slightly under medium size.
General appearance is the most important factor in children's modeling.
General applications are also welcome.
General applications use different data types, so numerical array optimizations are of little use.
More general applications exist as well.
General appointments are simple but volume and space are comfortable.
Some general approaches use markers.
General approximation algorithms for some arithmetical combinatorial problems.
General area clean up.
General area has conference info and publications.
General arrangement is by larger geographic area followed by smaller geographic areas.
General assistance is also available by phone.
General assistance is available at the reference desk for most of the hours the library is open.
General assistance is available during evening hours.
General assistance is often only available to people whose income is under a certain limit.
General assistance is provided regarding job applications and referrals, and civil service testing.
General assistance is public aid of last resort.
General attitudes are better at predicting a range of behaviors.
General audiences welcome.
General authorities meet and determine the disbursement of monies directed to church headquarters.
General availability is forecast for the end of the year.
General availability is likely in four to six weeks.
General availability is scheduled for the end of the calendar year.
General availability is scheduled for the end of the year.
General aviation accounts for the majority of the airport's total aircraft operations.
General aviation continues to grow and to serve the public interest.
General aviation contributes positively to the recreational experience.
General aviation falls under the responsibility of the federal states.
General aviation flies almost four billion air miles every year.
General aviation includes all flight operations except military services and commercial airlines.
General aviation includes medical transport services.
General aviation is a fun, exciting and safe avocation.
General aviation is a major part of our mission.
General aviation is an important part of the aviation system.
General aviation is an important part of the total transportation system at the airport.
General aviation is defined as all aviation other than commercial and military aviation.
General aviation is less than five percent of the traffic at the most delay-plagued airports.
General aviation offers more local points of employment.
General aviation plays a vital role in our nation's economy and air transportation system.
General aviation serves a wide variety of public needs and is in the public interest.
General aviation uses many of the same procedures as the airlines to achieve a good safety record.
General background is acquired from liberal arts courses and business courses.
General balance is more to be desired than size alone.
General balance is most important here, as taste is much less sensitive than scent.
General banners appear on all pages except the home, search results, and current poll pages.
General bibliographies are by necessity selective.
General biology gets the marked raw egg and advanced biology takes the five pound baby.
General biology is an important foundation for later on.
General blasphemy is just as dangerous as specific blasphemy.
General body aches.
General body cooling and other factors affect the risk of freezing injury.
General books circulate for three weeks.
General bookshops are in the historical centre of the town.
Some general botany presents physiology.
General bug fixes here and there.
General bug fixes, better support for video cards, added digital sound.
General bug fixes.
General building is is booming, but contractors are cautious.
General building works.
General business is any other kind of insurance.
General buyers guide for the Italian interior design and interior architecture industry.
General Cage crates fold down quite easily and nicely.
General camps are more nurturing and spend time helping children to adjust to being away from home.
General campaigns have limited impact and are unlikely to reduce the overall levels of theft.
General campsites are currently on sale.
General candidates are to pay caution money of Rs.
General car hire also available .
General care includes rinsing the ear canal with a few drops of half alcohol and half water.
General cargo begins to arrive.
General cargoes consist of a variety of commodities shipped by one or by many merchants.
Most general cargo is carried in containers, but some is still shipped as breakbulk cargo.
General cases involve problems that recur in astronomical data reduction, such as calibration.
General cash offer A public offering made to investors at large.
General catalogs offer a mixed bag of annuals, vegetables, herbs, and perennials.
General categories includude lessons-learned, tutorials, opinions and research.
General categories is a good default choice.
Some general categories allow anyone to participate.
General causes are either supernatural or natural.
General certification is the initial level of recognition of certification.
General certification represents a distinct and well defined field of osteopathic medical practice.
General changes made to the same ad are free to a limit of two editings.
Some general characteristics help identify supercells from a distance.
General chemistry is a prerequisite to all further courses in chemistry.
General chemistry is required for most majors in the sciences and is useful in others.
General chemistry is the foundation course in chemistry for all science majors.
General chemistry is the prerequisite.
General chemistry provides a broad background knowledge of chemical and physical concepts.
General circulation produces average winds that occur over large sections of the earth's surface.
General circulation remains roughly constant.
General clarity is required and clear leadership as to the way forward.
General classes involve ball handling skills, and use of varied equipment.
All general classrooms have as a minimum an overhead projector and screen.
Some general classrooms have a small riser for the teacher's desk.
General cleanliness is a nice indicator too.
General cleanup goes on constantly.
General code tidy up.
General color is tan, graybrown or reddishbrown.
General coloration is a dull yellowish-brown.
General coloration is dark brown to black.
General coloration is grayish.
General coloration is pale reddish brown with white underparts.
General coloration is usually brown but can vary to dark gray, blackish, or even brick red.
General coloration varies from light brown to gray or purplish gray, sometimes with green patches.
General commands control opening and closing the data- base.
General comments are also welcome.
General comments are always welcome.
General comments are of relatively little use.
General comments are welcome at any time.
General comments are welcome too.
General comments are welcome, too.
General comments are welcome.
General comments are, of course, unmoderated.
General comments attaches messages to objects representing static or other content.
General Comments Make comments, report problems, and ask general questions about the NSBO web site.
General comments offered on the film reflect a degree of ambivalence.
General comments overlap technical problems in many cases.
General Comments Please make contraception easier to obtain.
All general comments made in the applet section apply here as well.
Any general comments are welcome by email .
Some general comments have to be made regarding the book as a whole.
General communication skills in the oral and written reports.
General competitions are open to all technology areas.
General compound means.
General conclusion is that teenager's report drinking all the new kinds of drink.
General conclusions follow.
Some general conclusions are inescapable.
General condition considering age is Better than Good.
General condition is Almost Excellent.
General condition is Almost Very Good considering age of map.
General condition is Almost Very Good considering the age of the map.
General condition is almost Very Good.
General condition is Almost very Good.
General condition is Almost Very Good.
General condition is Better than Good.
General condition is Good.
General condition is just Good.
General condition is Much Better than Good.
General condition is Only Good.
General condition is otherwise Almost Very Good.
General condition is otherwise Good.
General condition is otherwise Very Good.
General condition is poor resulting in limited use.
General condition is Very Good.
General conditions apply to all other special collections.
General conditions apply.
General conditions are good.
General conditions are usually standard documents that apply to any project.
General conditions continue to favour afternoon showers.
Many general conditions are part of the utility s standard operating practices.
General conduct is most important.
General conference encompasses all divisions with officers elected every five years.
General conference is to be held every four years.
General conformity refers to projects approved or funded by other federal agencies.
General consensus can justify almost all actions in most societies.
General consensus has it that fun was had by all groups.
General consensus is still that the issue is an individual school district decision.
General consensus is that it deal with the new millennium in some way.
General consensus is that it takes a long time.
General consent indicates that the patients are willing to undergo basic evaluation and treatment.
General consent is sufficient to create a committee.
Some general consideration requires patients.
Some general considerations are as follows.
Some general considerations follow.
General constitution improves, and blood circulation is better.
General constructs are broad and abstract, while specific constructs are narrow and concrete.
General consultant specializes in opposition and issue research and financial research.
General consultation is provided to faculty, staff, and graduate students free of charge.
General content covers listserves, movies, TV, and miscellany.
General content is activities and hobbies.
General contracts range from light commercial to custom homes and remodeling.
General contractors are contractors.
General contractors build custom built homes and houses in the florida real estate market.
General contractors can arrange for the services of various specialists.
General contractors coordinate tasks.
General contractors coordinate various tasks.
General contractors defer to the architects for most specification decisions.
General contractors handle the bulk of heavy construction.
General contractors have five sets.
General contractors walk or threaten to walk all the time.
Most general contractors coordinate tasks.
Most general contractors coordinate various tasks.
Some general contractors understand that retainage is a double-edged sword.
Some general controls are data encryption, firewalls, and network control logs.
General conversation is also key, so keep the dialogue flowing with points of interest.
General conversation tends to be lively, humorous, and informal.
General correspondence ca.
General correspondence contains formerly unfoldered or miscellaneous letters.
General correspondence includes both personal and public correspondence.
General correspondence includes routine inquires from stockholders, suppliers, and subscribers.
General corrosion affects the entire surface or at least the wetted surface.
General corrosion is defined as corrosive attack dominated by uniform thinning.
General corrosion is the easiest type of corrosion to characterize.
General counseling is available to the community, with a sliding scale for payment.
General counselling is provided in the form of individual, family and group counselling.
Many general counselors modify their approach to fit the individual client.
General county zoning seeks to promote the public health, safety, and general welfare.
General course policies More class notes, etc.
General course resources The course outline .
General courses cover one term of full-time study.
General courses offer help that can aid managers in all sorts of matters.
General courses take the form of intensive lectures.
General courses transfer to a four-year college.
General coverage is expanded by numerous other articles throughout the set.
General coverage receive.
General crime victims advisory council.
General curriculum includes a nutritious snack, homework help, and recreation.
General customers can also log in to book their travel in India.
General damages are the natural, necessary and usual damages that result from the wrongful act.
General dancing follows for the second hour.
General databases are available to all system users.
General databases Includes some relevant material.
Some general databases are also often good choices.
Some general databases are good choices for current materials.
General dates are acceptable.
General dates have no prefix.
General data is data that applies to all company codes within the client.
Some general data are available.
General debility is very apparent.
General debility is very marked.
General default is highlighted.
A general delivery is an unit
General delivery is provided to all incoming personnel and personnel assigned on temporary duty.
General demand is also a factor.
General demeanor is affected.
General dentists can fabricate an oral appliance.
Many general dentists are perfectly able to perform quality root canal procedures.
Many general dentists prefer to have the periodontist or oral surgeon place the implant.
Many general dentists treat children.
General dentistry is offered at all dental sites.
General dentistry is very time consuming.
General depression is all isopters are smaller than normal.
General description Write a program that generates a picture with smooth gradations of color.
Some general descriptions provide clarity.
General desires are but weak longings.
General deterioration proceeds until death.
General deterrence has little, if any impact on people's behavior.
General dictionaries are of two types.
General dictionaries cover most genres of theatre.
General dictionaries define gender as basically equivalent to sex.
General dimensions are the same as a standard credit card.
General direction is direction.
General direction is provided by a more senior technician, administrator or academic staff member.
General direction is provided by a project director.
General direction is provided by the review of work in terms of results achieved.
General direction is received from a higher level supervisor in a specific geographic area.
General direction is received from a higher level supervisor who coordinates statewide programs.
General direction is received from a medical examiner or program director.
General direction is received from higher level administrators.
General direction is received from higher-level administrators.
General direction is received from the agency head.
General directions are below.
General directions follow.
General disambiguation is fine.
All general disclaimers apply, yada yada yada, blah blah blah, and so forth.
General discomfort can also do the same.
General discretion is advised.
General discussion can be for either specialist or nonspecialist readers.
General discussion follows.
General discussion is also welcome.
General discussion is available as well as areas for prayer requests and praise reports.
General discussion is available via a newsgroup or mailing list.
General discussion is discouraged, except to aid in analysis, predictions, and conclusions.
General discussion is permitted and welcome here.
General discussions are welcome and encouraged, as well.
General discussions follow groups of related talks.
General discussions take place in the list.
General drainage is east to west.
General education can be very helpful.
General education complements the departmental major.
General education comprises a number of disciplines.
General education consists of courses required regardless of specialized areas of study.
General education constitutes about a third of the degree work.
General education courses open students to new horizons.
General education equips students to understand and influence their own milieu.
General education extending throughout all four years is a good idea.
General education follows a model of integration.
General education goes beyond the classroom.
General education includes courses from across the university s curriculum.
General education includes courses in the sciences, humanities, and social studies.
General education is a component of all the university's degrees.
General education is a focus of community college certificates and degrees.
General education is a great experience.
General education is a strategy of power to normalize the masses.
General education is also to be assessed during the accreditation visit.
General education is an important component of the degree.
General education is an integral part of all undergraduate degree programs.
General education is an integral part of many registered programs.
General education is central to the mission of the university.
General education is fundamental to our academic program.
General education is intended to provide students with intellectual breadth.
General education is properly part of the curriculum.
General education is recognized as an important component of all postsecondary educational programs.
General education is the curricular component which is common to all degree programs.
General education is the distinguishing feature of higher education.
General education is the foundation that graduates of a college have in common.
General education is too important to be assigned to inexperienced teachers.
General education is under constant reappraisal.
General education is what high school is for.
General education means taking about eleven classes within one week.
General education ought to emphasize cohorts more.
General education prepares students to become flexible thinkers and life-long learners.
General education provides much more than simple exposure to different fields of study.
General education provides students with a background in liberal arts.
General education rounds out training, with coursework in English, math and social science.
General education tries to prepare students to think critically.
General effect includes neatness, lack of spelling and grammatical errors and attention to detail.
A general election is an election
General election returns BSP to power.
General election takes place during the Chinese New Year celebration.
General elections are competition.
General elections are due after that.
General elections are due before the end of next year.
General elections are elections.
General elections are held at least once every three years.
General elections are only a few months away.
General elections are political events.
General elections are votes.
General elections give third parties their chance.
General elections pit the candidates of the political parties against each other.
General electives are courses selected by students.
General emergency refers to a serious problem.
General emetics act through the blood on the vomiting center .
General emphasis is on early interference for functional and economic reasons.
General emphasis is on individual confidence and growth.
General encyclopedias aim to include information on every single subject known.
General encyclopedias are comprehensive and cover all subjects.
General encyclopedias are excellent sources to consult for basic information about something.
General encyclopedias are multidisciplinary, i.e., they cover all subjects.
General encyclopedias are useful for broad background information and to identify facts.
General encyclopedias have information on bridge construction and design styles.
General encyclopedias provide concise overviews on a wide variety of topics.
General enquiries are also welcome, either by letter, email or telephone.
All general enquiries begin here.
General enrichment occurs at the elementary level through trips and assemblies.
General entities are easy to spot.
General entries are at the end of the county listings.
General entries provide little useful proof.
General entry is by donation.
General entry is free.
General epidemiology is the scientific basis of public health .
General equipment is slower at processing.
General estimates suggest eczema is seen more in males than females.
General etiquette applies to the use of the buoys.
General events are in blue while council meetings are in green .
General events are open to everyone.
General exam is always free.
General exams are for all grades.
General examination indicates no anaemia, jaundice, weight loss, thyroid disease or malnutrition.
General examination is the second phase.
All general examinations are now computer-based.
Some general examples are animal stories, books that creatively introduce colors, counting or ABCs.
General excellence is determined by tallying the total points received for various awards.
General excellence reflects the overall quality of the publication.
General excitement is the only emotional response newborn infants clearly express.
General exhaust is adequate under normal operating conditions.
General exhaustion prevails.
General exhibition has large list of artists along with time period links.
General expenses are the same as for other students.
General experience says no.
General exploration includes an introduction to the habitat and natural history.
More general exponents arise naturally in applications.
General facilities are available for students to conduct analysis of archaeological material.
General facts correspond.
General factors considered include people, material and process flow.
General faculty includes all instructional, research, administrative and professional faculty.
General family dentistry.
More general families produce more complicated spaces of operators.
General fees are to be paid by the graduate assistant at registration.
General feedback is also welcome.
General feedback is posted online .
General fellowships are also available.
General fiction is alphabetized by author.
Some general figures are available.
General files consist chiefly of investment information.
General financing is available from commercial banks.
General fitness is even more important here.
General flooding occurs in urban areas and areas with poor drainage after heavy rain.
General focus is on helium-neon products.
General focus is special manufacturing and distribution, and financial services.
General form is .
General forums cover various art related areas of interest.
General function is to fan cooking and to keep cool .
General function is to fan cooking and to keep cool.
General fund is republished and a transfer to one or more other funds is changed.
General fund is the last fund source used to pay for a service.
General funds consist of donations made though our donation only process.
General funds cover the purchase of new and ongoing monographs as well as serial publications.
Most general funds are on target based on the percentage of budget remaining.
General goal is to prepare the student for conducting theoretically grounded research in marketing.
General good is the pies of the scoundrel, hypocrite and flatterer.
General good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite and flatterer.
General good is the plea of the scoundrel, the hypocrite and the liar.
General government includes the municipal share of police aid, highway user revenue and fire aid.
General government includes the state and local authorities, as well as the public corporations.
Most general grades are highly effective for the majority of commercial applications.
General grants are also relatively simple and economic to administer.
General group characteristics All learners are physical therapists.
General guidance is provided for the meetings and healing services.
General guidance is provided in the statement.
General guidance is provided, as well as possible sources of assistance.
General guidance is set out in the paragraphs below.
General guidance regarding public notice requirements is given.
General guide includes shopping and health tips.
General guidelines Allow ample time to schedule logistical support.
General guidelines apply for individuals, groups, and organizations wishing to make a donation.
General guidelines apply to all material.
General guidelines apply to both official and unofficial home pages.
General guidelines apply to both types of information.
General guidelines apply.
General guidelines are approx.
General guidelines are as follows.
General guidelines are available for reporting on both quantitative and qualitative research.
General guidelines are in the references in the appendix.
General guidelines are insufficient.
General guidelines are simple and brief and are designed to remain in place indefinitely.
General guidelines are well documented, but individual patients vary in their requirements.
General guidelines can be useful in helping consumers evaluate their own situation.
General guidelines regarding typeface, size, configuration, encroachment, and color apply.
General guidelines Serve dry wines before sweeter ones.
More general guidelines come from manuals on property appraisal and valuation.
Some general guidelines are available.
Some general guidelines can be helpful, with the price of a small bottle of beer as an example.
Some general guidelines do apply, however.
Some general guidelines follow as well. .
Some general guidelines follow, along with resources for more detailed information.
Some general guidelines follow.
Some general gynecologists are very good at the initial infertility evaluation and treatment .
General gynecology continues to experience growth.
General happiness is the goal and lived result of an enlightened life.
General hardness is determined by the quantity of dissolved magnesium and calcium ions.
General hardness is the more important of the two in biological processes.
General health is a major consideration for safe drivers.
General health is another of the many factors .
General health is excellent.
General health is fairly good and life-span near average.
General health is fairly good and life-span near normal.
General health is good.
General health requires a healthy liver, clean blood with good circulation.
General heating is provided by night storage heaters.
General help appears first.
General help is also available.
General help is available by calling the help command with no arguments.
General help is available within the database.
General help is here.
General hospitals serve long-term patients and patrons similar to a public library.
Some general house designs cause injuries.
General household freshening is easy.
General hygiene is vital to the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis.
General hypotheticals can also make the point.
General illiteracy remains the primary obstacle to computer literacy.
General implementation is by the primary contacts listed.
General impression is formed by a person's general appearance.
General impression is that the commission report was quite honest.
General impressions are never to be trusted.
All general increases are dependent upon the availability of funds allocated for that purpose.
General index includes links to many literary sites, especially at Toronto.
General indexes are good tools for researching current events and how they effect education.
General indexes cover broad subject categories.
General indexes cover many subjects or disciplines in popular periodicals.
General industry is the second largest consumer.
General industry requires fall protection at four feet above a lower surface.
General info is on the left with monster info on the right.
General info offers some good tips, our passenger protection program and directions to our ports.
General info remains the same, but rates and costs have changed, and is awaiting update.
Some general info is included as well, giving people the the answer to a perfect defence.
General information appears below.
General information begins below and continues on the following page.
General information concerning each sector is summarised in an introductory overview.
General information concerning the professional programs follows.
General information concerning the various listings contained in the attached document follows.
General information covers admission, financial assistance, awards and scholarships, and records.
General information features an overview of the scoliosis treatment, with numerous references.
General information follows, with links in blue .
General information follows.
General information gives an overall picture of an individual.
General information gives links to different useful information.
General information gives state by state executions and death penalty information.
General information handling system requirements are recollection and dereplication.
General information includes correspondence, memos, flyers, programs and announcements.
General information includes equipment displays, as well as vendor and manufacturer specifications.
General information includes information that is pertinent to all the data collections.
General information includes lecture material from another professor's lecture.
General information includes living and working in space, the human body in space.
General information includes lots of lists from coffee plantations to self-service laundries.
General information includes other policies and answers to common questions.
General information includes reprints of some reviews of the journal .
General information includes the case title, number, chapter, filing date, discharge date, and more.
General information including symptoms is provided.
General information is a good place to begin.
General information is also available from state and country tourism offices.
General information is also available from the department of labor and industries.
General information is also available.
General information is at top.
General information is available about G teborg.
General information is available at the visitor center in Bear Valley's commercial center.
General information is available by clicking on the links below.
General information is available for free to all visitors.
General information is available in encyclopedias.
General information is available on a variety of subjects.
General information is available on the following web pages.
General information is available through the links on the navigation menu.
General information is available, as well as information about house and senate bills and calendars.
General information is available.
General information is collected for analysis of site traffic, performance, and preferences.
General information is described as follows.
General information is extensive and easy to navigate.
General information is given for several of the most common lung diseases.
General information is here , and student information is here.
General information is included that was submitted with the photograph.
General information is listed below.
General information is listed daily in the local newspaper.
General information is now available online, as well as guidelines for submissions of abstracts .
General information is obtainable through the agency's website.
General information is on the General tab.
General information is posted here.
General information is posted online.
General information is provided below.
General information is provided in English and Spanish.
General information is provided in Overview .
General information is provided on choosing the right graduate school.
General information is provided on other travel-related diseases and travelers with special needs.
General information is provided on print subscription charges and instructions to authors.
General information is provided to help students needing employment.
General information is provided to the public in response to in-person inquiries.
General information is provided to the public regarding communicable diseases.
General information is provided with specific protocols for the various diseases.
General information is provided.
General information leads to conclusions.
General information Learn about class registration and admittance, parking and refund policy.
General information Reads all standard CD-formats.
General information regarding Computing courses is located here .
General information regarding domestic conveyancing is also available here .
General information regarding engraving is available by phone.
General information regarding membership, including a list of members is available to the public.
General information regarding the juvenile justice system is also available to the public.
General information See detailed timetable below.
General information surrounding drunk driving is included.
All general information applies.
More general information is also available.
More general information is available in german.
More general information is given below.
Most general information leads to conclusions.
Much general information is included.
Some general information concerning textbooks is listed below.
Some general information is included.
Some general information is listed below dealing with common questions being asked today.
Some general information is provided here.
General inquiries are truly always welcome.
General inquiries are welcome concerning course materials and services available.
General inquiries welcome.
Some general insights follow.
General instructions appear here.
General instructions are available on our upload page .
General instructions are available via our tutorial.
General instructions follow, below.
General instructions urge courtesy, obedience, discretion, etc.
General insurance plays a vital role in the modern economy.
General intelligence is the most efficient predictor of job performance.
General interest includes hippotherapy, vaulting, and riding therapy.
General interest is in the area of production medicine of beef and dairy cattle.
General interest is that of small animal orthopedic surgery and physical rehabilitation.
General interest is the next major consideration.
General interests are in mammalian social behavior and marine ecology.
General interests are sustainable tourism, community development, marketing and distance education.
General introduction Burning produces dioxins Dioxins and some PCBs cause multiple toxic effects.
General introduction treats ancient texts, versions, manuscripts, and canon.
General issues are similar for all platforms.
General items are in black or red .
General jurisdiction means that a court has the ability to hear and decide a wide range of cases.
General kitchen clean up.
General knowledge implies evidence that includes the perceptions of more than a single individual.
General knowledge is anything that is taught in an introductory level university course.
General knowledge is knowledge
General knowledge is needed to answer many other questions.
General labs are also available.
General laborers do nightwatch work early in the spring.
General labour is split up into many ineffective and comparatively isolated fragments.
General language is important.
General law applies.
General law links.
General laws apply except otherwise stated.
General laws directing local officials in a code of conduct are nonexistent.
General layout is effective.
General layouts are themselves views and so can be subviews of other views.
General leases are long term leases for industrial and commercial uses.
A general ledger is a ledger
General ledger accounts, subsidiary ledger accounts, and control accounts.
General ledger accounts.
General ledger plays a critical role in planning and controlling cost.
General ledgers are ledgers.
General ledgers are located in offices.
General ledgers are used for accounting.
General ledgers are used for accounts.
General ledgers are used for business accounting.
General ledgers are used for record keeping.
General legislation applies to persons with different disabilities with respect to education.
General legislation deals with freedom of organisation.
General legislation is required.
General lending is found in closed stacks.
General letters serve no purpose.
General liability comes next, with the others being relatively small in comparison.
General licences are valid for an indefinite period of time.
General life is good.
General lighting is perfect for living and family room environments.
General lighting is the basic component of interior lighting.
General lighting radiates a comfortable level of brightness.
General limits are for non-mission spawning and are subject to rank limitations.
General links are available by following the links at the bottom right of the page.
More general links are available in the Cool Links area.
General locations alternate each month between the Portland and Salem areas.
General logic is again either pure or applied.
General logic is either pure or applied.
General magazines can also be useful for their presentation of women.
General maintenance can all be big undertakings.
General maintenance is important.
General maintenance Needs full sun.
General maladies are equally inheritable, as gout and madness.
General malaise sets in.
General management brings it all together.
General management is required in organizations of all sizes.
General management is supportive only.
A general manager is a head
General managers are heads.
General managers are in charge of numerous functions within an organization or department.
General managers are managers.
General managers bring a measure of order and purpose to their organizations.
General managers build teams.
General managers create car maintenance and rounds-played reports with one keystroke.
General managers have overall responsibility for the operation of one or more hotels.
General managers hear scouts.
General managers know it.
General managers skip aspirin and then head for real drugs.
Every general manager has to do what they have to do.
Many general managers stay in the office, ostracizing themselves from the fans.
Most general managers build teams.
Most general managers wait until the end of the year to evaluate the head coach and the program.
Many general mangers have a bachelor s degree or higher in liberal arts or business administration.
More general massage uses moving techniques, such as strokes, kneading, etc.
General material encompasses social science theory and policy.
General material related to all the regions is followed by listings for each of the regions.
General measures apply to all systems and are more likely to capture adverse events.
General media includes most videotapes, laser discs, DVDs, and films in the circulating collection.
General meetings are also a good opportunity to come together, meet new people, and talk shop.
General meetings are annual or extraordinary.
General meetings are once a month and committees can meet as often as necessary.
General meetings are open to all adjunct faculty members wishing to attend.
General meetings are open to all categories of IADC membership.
General meetings are open to all who wish to attend.
General meetings are open to all.
General meetings are open to the general public.
General meetings are open to the public and are held on alternating first Wednesdays of the month.
General meetings are open to the public at no cost.
General meetings are open to the public so visitors are welcome.
General meetings are open to the public, and prospective members are invited to attend.
General meetings are open to the public.
General meetings are open to visitors, but use of equipment is limited to members.
General meetings are the main opportunity for members to interact and work on their songs.
General meetings can reduce the unissued capital by reducing the authorised capital.
General meetings feature guest speakers on a wide variety of topics in a social setting.
General meetings feature guest speakers on topics related to culture, music and heritage.
General meetings run approximately one hour and are often very entertaining.
General meetings take place at least once a year.
General meetings take place at least twice per semester.
General meetings take place on a regular or an extraordinary basis.
All general meetings are open to everyone.
All general meetings are open to skiers or boarders, young or old, expert or beginners.
All general meetings are open to the public with no fees required to attend.
All general meetings are open to the public.
Most general meetings feature special interest guest speakers on topics of community interest.
General members are eligible to vote and hold office.
General members are eligible to vote and to hold office.
General members are invite to speak at steering committee meetings.
General members can also optionally choose to try out to be a member of one of three action teams.
General members have one vote per membership on non-policy matters.
General members have the right to hold elective office.
General members have voting rights at general meetings.
All general members are eligible to become members of the four committees.
All general members are eligible to vote.
General membership applies to all other employees.
General membership continue to add to knowledge base.
General membership includes monthly newsletter and listing in membership directory.
General membership is accorded to institutions that are unable to meet the instutional requirements.
General membership is also available for all Iowa citizens.
General membership is available to all interested parties.
General membership is available to everyone.
General membership is extended to any resident of the area.
General membership is free for a limited time and includes a multitude of membership benefits .
General membership is free.
General membership is open to anyone actively involved in continuity of care.
General membership is too broad.
General membership needs to have access to courts.
General membership receives announcements for conferences, workshops and symposia.
General memberships are available at no cost.
General merchandise is accepted for refund or exchange when accompanied by a receipt.
General message is 'sales up, profits down' and a heartening increase in foreign earnings.
General methods are to come later.
General minutes are all the minutes of meetings for that given year.
General movement is in the direction of the banding within the ice.
General music classes through performance groups.
General music is available twice weekly to third and fourth grade students.
General music strives to give all of the students a broad music education.
General navigation is facilitated by the icons which run down the page below the Local navigation.
General navigation provides unrelated opportunities that add confusion to the user experience.
General neuropathy affects all the peripheral nerves of a large region.
General news goes to the city desk or assignment editor.
General news is complemented by focused energy news, commentary and analysis.
General news is the focus.
General news tends to be an accretion of information over time.
General notes appear at the bottom of each chart.
General notes searches the notes fields.
General notes sheet with general notes specific to the project.
Some general notes regarding spring avalanches follow . . .
Some general notes regarding spring avalanches follow .
General notebooks appear at the end.
General notions are generally wrong.
General nutrition is covered throughout the lifecycle.
General objectives come from the professional literature and classroom content.
General objectives focus on basic information.
General observations indicate that chopped pieces tend to absorb more water initially.
General observations indicate that training and retraining are of prime importance.
General observations suggest that moose use areas during and soon after fire.
Some general observations emerge from the study.
Some general observations follow.
Some general observations regarding water quality in coastal river basins follow.
Some general observations suggest fire.
General office clerks' salaries vary by industry.
General office duites.
General office skills a plus.
General offices are in Indianapolis, Indiana.
All general offices are closed.
More general ones appear below.
General operation Insure that the tray is in the home position.
General operations are available in the configuration dialog.
All general operation is handled by the code in the baseclass server .
General opinion has it that the demand for knowledge is increasing.
General opinion holds that mesodermal penetration underlies the formation of the primary palate.
General opinion is that big livestock operators are currently setting environmental standards.
General opinion is that feed withdrawal is contraindicated.
General opinion is that the actual animation techniques in Japanese animation is very good.
General opinion is that the engagement of Albanian authorities has been maximal.
General opinion seems to be that they smoke hot.
General opinion supports quality of operation over repeaters north and south.
General opportunities are wide-ranging.
General organizations are like department stores.
General orientations are also available and can be incorporated into course related instruction.
Many general otolaryngologists provide surgical care for children.
General outlooks are by many leaders judged as better.
General overhaul is when the upkeep of the ship is checked and the ship is repaired.
General overlay uses grains to small oatmeal-flake gold.
General oversight is provided by the departmental chair and an advisory committee.
Many general pages exist that are focused on links for resources for people studying literature.
Some general pamphlets are also available.
General paresis is a chronic meningoencephalitis.
General parking is available for a fee.
General parking is free.
General parking is on levels three through seven.
General parts are also available at cheaper prices from our Chinese plant.
General partner has unlimited personal liability for the obligations of the business.
General partners are in privity with the partnership for preclusive purposes.
General partners are jointly and severally liable for obligations of the partnership.
General partners are liable for all partnership debts.
General partners are people.
General partners are usually liable for all of their partnership's debts.
General partners assume management responsibility and liability for all partnership debts.
General partners control the partnership.
General partners have unlimited liability.
General partners have unlimited personal liability for debts incurred by their business.
General partners have unlimited personal liability.
General partners manage and control the business activities.
General partners manage the business.
General partners run the business, regardless of the percentage they own.
General partners share equally in assets and liabilities.
All general partners are jointly and severally liable.
All general partners are personally liable for partnership liabilities.
Any general partner can require dissolution of the partnership at any time.
General partnerships are easy to create - two or more people simply agree to start a business.
General partnerships are partnerships.
General partnerships have no limited liability for any partner.
General partnerships offer no protection from liabilities.
General paths are shapes created by using combinations of lines, quadratic curves and cubic curves.
General patterns are fine to start.
General patterns indicate results.
General patterns show great variation.
General patterns show variation.
Most general patterns indicate results.
Most general patterns show great variation.
Most general patterns show variation.
Some general patterns appear from the figure.
General pediatricians focus on children's health.
General pediatricians focus on the whole range of children's health issues.
General pediatricians provide care for infants, children, teenagers, and young adults.
General performance is another issue.
General permission is granted for the publication in newspapers in any language.
General permit needs more work before it is implemented.
General permits are non-transferrable.
General permits contain effluent limitations protective of most surface waters statewide.
General permits have generic requirements for sediment and erosion control.
General permits help the regulated public.
Some general photos are here .
General physical examinations provide evidence.
General physician is available on call.
General physicians are mostly unaware of pediatric subspeciality facilities.
General physicians are passionate about general medicine.
General physics is an algebra-based introductory physics course.
General plans are blueprints for future development in cities.
General plans can direct growth away from critical resources such as wetlands.
Most general plans consolidate all of their elements in a single document.
General play resumes once the throw is taken.
Some general points apply to all naked eye observations.
General policies are determined in consultation with and approval of city management.
General policies follow.
General policy is open book, open notes and calculator.
General policy is to allow harvesting of metadata.
General policy requires that every reasonable effort be made to avoid an overlap.
General populace is terrorized.
General portals provide a full index of categories, each of which has links to Web sites.
General portraiture poses.
General positions listed below with salary ranges are only a small sample of jobs available.
General power is sufficient for continuous applications.
General practice including court work, conveyancing, executry, trusts etc.
General practice is a tough life.
General practice is for the amendment to be read aloud before a vote, then voted on.
General practice is probably one of the easier options for older candidates.
General practice is the most interesting and the most demanding form of 'specialty' in law today.
General practice is to do a tradeoff and tune the size of the change so that the acceptance .
General practice is to finish the bore to a standard size within the limit of the accuracy desired.
General practice is to place the cut-off frequency above the highest signal frequency component.
General practice is to wait a short time and give the other medication a trial.
General practice lies at the heart of our health system.
General practices concentrate mainly on effort rather than actual points.
A general practitioner is a doctor
General practitioners are also available for advice on infant feeding and baby health.
General practitioners are doctors.
General practitioners are likely to play a major role.
General practitioners are often reluctant to prescribe the best medication because of cost.
General practitioners are probably oversupplied and probably have been oversupplied for some time.
General practitioners can use it on CD-ROM or through the Internet.
General practitioners deal with individual, human problems.
General practitioners have an important part to play in starting treatment early.
General practitioners have three years of postgraduate training and specialists have six years.
General practitioners have to decide best ways of allocating their time.
General practitioners provide treatment or refer patients to a specialist or hospital.
General practitioners receive a trainers grant where they undertake training responsibilities.
General practitioners specialize with children.
Most general practitioners handle a significant real estate caseload.
Most general practitioners understand asthma management.
Some general practitioners provide obstetric and gynecologic care.
General praise is OK too.
General pricing is on the equipment page.
General principles are statements of lawful relationships between parts of nature.
General principles are the overarching guides for production.
General principles are used to predict specific results.
General principles explain aspects.
General principles give the context for specific applications on the topics of the conference.
General principles Stay within video margins.
Most general principles explain aspects.
Some general principles apply to the use of cards.
General priority is for family housing.
General problem is inadequate funding and lack of skilled personnel.
General problems Go to the first , previous , next , last section, table of contents .
General problems See following note .
General procedures are as follows.
General products are all of excellent quality.
General programmes is three years.
General provisions governing temporary entry are also applicable to citizens of the three countries.
General psychology covers a wide range of human behavior.
General psychology is a survey course.
General psychology studies how an individual behaves.
General public are very welcome to attend.
General public can borrow through public libraries.
General public Eat fewer coral reef food fish.
General public is invited.
General public is welcome.
General public thinks of inner city public schools as unsafe.
General publications are mostly in the reports section in the basement.
General purpose switches for a wide variety of applications.
General purposes turn out to have little to do with organ transplants.
General qualifiers are always true.
General questions are welcome from any party on relevant issues.
General questions are welcome.
General questions elicit answers without substance.
General questions lead students to formulate their own hypotheses, questions, and experiments.
General questions require broad general answers that eat time.
General raffle includes prizes such as gift certificates from local businesses.
General reactions are uncommon after injection of tetanus toxoid.
General reactions are very uncommon.
General readers can search by popular artist, musical genre, and even song title.
General readings have more leeway, and are more difficult to place without help from the questioner.
General recalls are common.
General recipes are available on the Internet.
Any general recipe is a mistake.
General recommendation is to take the drug at bedtime, but it can be given at other times if needed.
General recommendations are about as meaningful for grouse as they are for human health problems.
General recommendations are of little use in financial planning.
General recommendations are relative to the survey process and posting of the results.
General recreation needs.
General recursion extends primitive recursion by use of the search or minimalisation operator m .
General reference works handbooks, dictionaries, bibliographies, etc.
General reference works such as a concordance, maps, biblical software, Greek dictionary, etc.
General reference works.
General references are in References.
General refuse includes paper, food, empty containers, cardboard, wood and other similar materials.
General registration begins.
General registration ends.
General registration is appropriate for new graduates.
General relativity addresses the problem of accelerated motion and gravity.
General relativity assumes a continuous, curved space time.
General relativity demands that singularities arise under two circumstances.
General relativity describes gravity as a manifestation of the curvature of space-time.
General relativity describes how spacetime is curved and bent by mass and energy.
General relativity explains gravity as the curvature of space- time by mass.
General relativity explains that light is bent by mass.
General relativity forms the basis of our understanding of gravitational processes.
General relativity has a number of physical consequences .
General relativity has a number of physical consequences.
General relativity is a great theory of gravity, but it ignores quantum mechanics.
General relativity is a scientific theory
General relativity is a shocking theory.
General relativity is a wonderful example of a geometrical theory.
General relativity is built on a foundation that includes the clock postulate.
General relativity is constructed in terms of light signal.
General relativity is good for describing Nature but particle physics is on shaky ground.
General relativity is introduced.
General relativity is relativity.
General relativity is testable in many different circumstances.
General relativity is tested by astronomy and astrophysics.
General relativity is the foundation for modern cosmology - the study of the universe as a whole.
General relativity is the modern theory of gravity, due originally to Einstein.
General relativity is the premier theory of how gravity works.
General relativity looks at it differently.
General relativity predicts how gravity and space-time operate.
General relativity says that gravity is nothing more than an inertial force.
General relativity works ever so slightly better.
Some general relativity has consequences.
Some general relativity predicts energy.
General reliability is good but long term life of the transmission is a problem.
General religion is always easier than the particularity of real love.
General repetition is dealt with the prohibition rule.
General reports indicate an improved feeling of comfort.
General requirements are list for each type of project.
General requirements are subject to change without notice.
General requirements follow.
Some general requirements apply to students.
General research is also available.
General reservations are welcome.
General resolutions make a statement of social concern or principle.
General resources are all of the resources that are defined in the class descriptor table.
General resources are avialable on the communication research page .
General resources are avialable on the communication research page.
General resources are the articles above.
General resources Help on many Internet topics, including search engines.
General response is very positive.
General results are positive.
General retailers tend to avoid comics, as they are percieved as juvenile.
General revelation is available to all.
General revelation means truth found outside the Bible.
General revelation serves to explain the worldwide phenomenon of religion.
General revenue covers state funds lawmakers are free to appropriate as they wish.
General revenue is only part of the budget.
General revenue pays the remainder.
More general reviews are in bold type.
General risks are the same as with any surgery.
General rotation is still good, and be compared to a billboard on the highway.
General rule begins with a good, deep, soak ONCE per week.
General rule is never keep a breeding insect colony in a residential house.
General rule is to only have edges and corners sandblasted.
General rule is to water only when the media has dried off completely.
General rule sets General rule sets can be applied to any folder at any time.
General rules apply also for children, but avoiding adding salt to food.
General rules apply, no gratuitous porn, no racist, or degrading stuff, etc.
General rules apply.
General rules are also applicable in civil cases.
General rules are also applicable in criminal cases.
General rules are of limited value.
General rules are useless where the whole is one vast exception.
General rules cover exceptions in a non-specific way.
General rules do continue to work well.
All general rules apply.
Many general rules exist that one can follow to make the process easier.
More general rules apply to beef products, like pies.
Most general rules have exceptions, and that is the case here.
Some general rules apply in the comatose patient.
Some general rules apply regardless of the content of the report.
Some general rules apply to adoption proceedings.
Some general rules apply to all of the comp.publish.cdrom.
Some general rules apply to such an agreement.
Some general rules apply to use of ultrasound equipment regardless of type of instrument being used.
Some general rules do apply, however.
Some general rules do still apply.
Some general rules govern hosts.
Some general rules Lettering on viewgraphs and slides can never be too big.
Some general rules require operations.
General safety is impaired as well.
General sanitation aids in preventing a spider infestation of any type.
General schedules apply to the records of common functions performed by or for all state agencies.
General schedules are for records relating to common agency functions.
All general schedules are available on our Web site.
Some general schedules are for the use of individual agencies only.
General scholarships are available for undecided majors.
General scholarships are available for women interested in community service.
Many general scholarships are also available.
General schools are academically oriented and prepare students for the university.
General search engines Internet search engines and directories.
General search is a form of appetitive behavior.
General searches are unconstitutional and never legal.
General searches entitle users to six consecutive hours of access to the indexes.
General searches using search engines and key words can locate a number of such sites.
General searches work well, but narrow and specific searches generate significantly fewer results.
More general searches are often better.
General sections refer to studies on genres, periods and ancillary topics.
General security attempts to tackle basic privacy.
General security is obviously important, as is strict access control to the computer room.
General security principles Minimal permissions.
General seizures involve the whole brain.
General sensibility refers to touch, pressure, pain, temperature, sense of position, and movement.
General sentiment is that they have done a good job fundraising.
General sentiment points toward offering students a variety of options to fulfill the requirement.
General services are at no cost to the corporation or the individual relocating.
General servicing is easy.
All general sessions are free and open to the public.
General sightseeing is included.
General signs are premature loss of foliage, flowers and fruit, epinasty, and physical deformities.
General sites cover ophthalmology, oncology, viruses, toxic plants, other fields, and organizations.
General sites tend to cover a wide variety of topics related to a subject.
General skills are broad areas which encompass related specific skills.
General skills are subclasses of vital skills and are slightly more practical.
General skills required include customized relational databases.
General snuff is rather dark and strong.
General socket calls.
General solicitation is permitted.
General solution is sum of sinusoids.
General solutions are better than special casing.
Any general solution has to start from there.
General space is the dance space.
General spillage is handled by a vacuum clean-up system servicing most of the plant equipment.
General sponsors can reserve workshop lecture frame for one session with charged.
A general staff is staff
General staff issues Higher education .
General staff workloads.
General stalk rot symptoms include wilting and death of the plants.
General statements are easy to ignore.
General statements are frequently to be limited, both in themselves and their application.
General statements are more likely to be correct than specific statements.
General statements save frequently.
All general statements are false.
All general statements are subject to qualification and are, therefore, somewhat incorrect.
All general statements are wrong.
Some general statements appear on the labeling of nearly every pesticide.
General statistics report.
Some general statistics are also available.
General stock includes modern fiction and aviation titles.
A general store is an outlet
General stores are more responsive to changes in the consumer market.
General strategies Support a limited set of products, protocols, and vendors.
General strike begins in Winnipeg in support of striking workers in building and metal trades.
General strike shakes up Ecuador .
General strikes are albums.
General strikes are industrial actions.
General strikes called by labor and political groups occur periodically.
General studio is the most flexible program offered.
General studies are in the areas of social sciences, applied science, business and art.
General studies enhances a student's major area of concentration.
General studies is acceptable as an A-level subject.
General studies is accepted.
General studies is welcome as a fourth A level but is never included in our standard offer.
General study covers history, geography, economics and so on.
More general stuff gets lower click rates.
More general stuff is on the same level, as shown by the buttons across the top.
General style is traditional latin jazz, but with some nice piano and flute.
General suggestions Remove all throw rugs and secure all area rugs with skid-proof pads.
General summaries are much better.
General supervision implies that the work is performed independently.
General supervision is exercised over administrative department heads.
General supervision is exercised over student paraprofessional staff.
General supervision is provided and children are free to come and go as they please.
General supervision is provided by a department supervisor, manager or academic staff member.
General supervision is provided by academic management or supervisory personnel.
General supervision is provided by an administrative superior.
General supervision is provided by more senior technicians, administrators or academics.
General supervision is provided by regular monitoring.
General supervision is provided by superior officers.
General supervision is provided by supervisory or management personnel.
General supervision is provided by the unit coordinator.
General supervision is provided through periodic conferences and examination of reports.
General supervision is received by a superior.
General supervision is received from a higher level administrative employee in the organization.
General supervision is received from a higher level pr of professional or Administrator.
General supervision is received from a higher ranking clerical or administrative employee.
General supervision is received from a higher-level administrator.
General supervision is received from a principal investigator, director or designee.
General supervision is received from a senior level nursing staff member.
General supervision is received from a supervisor.
General supervision is received from an administrative superior.
General supervision is received from an administrative supervisor on policies and procedures.
General supervision is received from higher level staff.
General supervision is received from higher level supervisors.
General supervision is received from higher-level supervisors or managers.
General supervision is received from senior division staff.
General supervision is received from the central ofice environmental health staff.
General supervision is received with performance based on quality of results obtained.
General supervision is received.
General supply ensures the needed items are constantly in stock.
General support is handled via email or by phone assistance.
General surgeons are surgeons.
General surgeons have a number of other responsibilities.
General surgeons manage surgical conditions affecting all areas of the body.
General surgeons perform a variety of operations on almost all parts of the body.
General surgeons perform hernia operations.
General surgeons provide a vital component of basic health services.
General surgeons provide surgical care for adult and pediatric patients.
General surgeons work closely with plastic surgeons to ensure both quality and quantity of life.
Many general surgeons perform thoracic procedures.
General surgery includes also oral surgery and cardiovascular surgery.
General surgery includes surgery of many different kinds.
General surgery is a required two-month rotation in the first year.
General surgery is surgical treatments.
General surveys focus on cost of living, benefits and negotiating a salary.
General systems approach to small group processes.
General systems are of the broadcasting type, the information they give is the same for everybody.
General telecommunication means offering telecommunications services to an unlimited user group.
Some general tendencies explain differentiations.
General tensions can produce fatigue, irritability and poor judgement.
General terms allow the imagination the widest field of view.
Some general terminology is found here .
General test is done online.
General themes abound.
Some general themes emerge.
General theology is collected to support the undergraduate and graduate programs.
General theory is also quite valuable.
General theory is the difference between a science and a wastebasket.
Most general theories try to explain as much as they can.
Some general things come out but no real qualifiers.
General thoughts belong in Chatter.
General thoughts welcome on the list.
General tips Be suspicious of cards and documents with fuzzy printing.
General tips Keep up with the course.
Some general tips Solving technical problems on the internet can be difficult.
General tires fit every budget without sacrificing safety or dependability.
General tissue aging changes include an accumulation of waste products in the tissue.
General tone needs to be more action-oriented.
General tools are for browsing, text editing, and working with buttons and fields.
General topic is a good start for most users.
General topic varies each time the seminar is offered.
General topics are obvious.
General topics cover culture, history, education and language.
General topics covered are electricity, magnetism and optics.
General topics covered in the workshops include fate and behavior of oil spilled in the environment.
General topics seem to work best at the start.
Some general topics appear in multiple branches of the same subject tree.
General tours are available, as are more specialized adventures.
General tours are self-guided.
General tourism is also a part of our activities.
General trade includes total imports and total exports, including reexports.
General training covers a wide range of topics, usually at the introductory to intermediate level.
General training is held twice a month in coordination with other Northeast Wisconsin canine units.
General travellers guide for accommodation and travel in Berlin.
General treatment is much the same as in any respiratory disease.
General treatment is the same for any snakebite.
General treatments are to wash with soap and water then apply ice.
General trend is towards wider use of technicians.
General trend is upward.
General trends effecting all the scenarios is discussed then each scenario is discussed in detail.
General trends show a necessity to build the food chain.
Most general urologists have only basic knowledge and training in treating male infertility .
General usage is one to two tablets with meals three times daily.
General use is two capsules with meals three times daily.
General users are users that post messages on an ad hoc basis.
General vacancy reduces revenue by the amount specified.
General vegetation consists of manzanita, brush, and gray pine trees.
General vegetation is manzanita, brush, and gray pine trees.
General ventilation can be for a large area such as a building s air handling system.
General ventilation dilutes the volatilized or aerosolized substance to an acceptable level.
General ventilation flushes the atmosphere by supplying and exhausting large volumes of air.
General ventilation is meant for a large area such as a building s air handling system.
General ventilation is normally adequate.
General ventilation is recommended during normal use.
General ventilation is recommended.
General ventilation is required during normal use.
General ventilation provides only modest protection against toxic gases, aerosols, vapors and dusts.
General version is the same, but with Silver piping.
More general views illustrate park design and landscaping.
General visibility is excellent except for the mid-wing placement.
General visibility is, however, good.
General visitation offers the public an enjoyable time of recreational education.
General visitation offers the public an enjoyable time of recreational educational.
General weakness is felt and the face becomes pale.
Some general weakness leads to death.
General weather is of universal interest to audiences.
General web authoring and HTML links For general links see Links for web authors .
More general websites are also abundant.
General words can describe or apply to anything.
General words have also a very imperfect effect in pardons.
General words refer to large classes and broad areas.
More general words are more likely to be correct.
Some general words are in order before the list.
Some general words take no article at all.
General workers prepare vegetables, fruits, flowers and other plants for sale or transport.
More general yearbooks are often supplements to or updates of general encyclopedias.
General yoga can often resolve mild back pain caused by stress and tense muscles.
A general is a commissioned officer
Generals agree on nuclear weapons elimination.
Generals already have nice offices.
Generals are a happy blessed race who radiate confidence and power.
Generals are assistants of the nation.
Generals are capable of arm soldiers.
Generals are crack shots with a bazooka.
Generals are facts.
Generals are famous for fighting the last war's battles.
Generals are heads.
Generals are high rank.
Generals are like chess players.
Generals are located in war.
Generals are no exception.
Generals are notorious for preparing to fight the last war.
Generals are the guys that lead armies and stuff.
Generals call for tough action.
Generals die in a hundred battles, Out warrior's back, how ten years fly.
Generals don t take up residence on the field of combat, it s too dangerous.
Generals earn honor on the battlefield.
Generals fear logisticians in war and, in peace, generals try to forget logisticians.
Generals find methods to improvise their weapons in order to achieve the most effective results.
Generals get off light, while sergeants suffer.
Generals give missions and report to headquarter agents.
Generals have lucrative, illegal mining operations in the area and rivalries are intense.
Generals have to be paid and rewarded.
Generals leave the field of battle.
Generals move one square diagonally.
Generals order their soldiers to kill And to fight for a cause they've long ago forgotten.
Generals pore over maps.
Generals represents the rite of passage from course-work to research.
Generals see opportunity to train the troops and earn glory.
Generals send soldiers on suicide mission.
Generals wear the jacket without sleeve stripes and the trousers with stripes.
Generals wear the jacket without sleeve stripes.
Generals wear the jackout without sleeve stripes and trousers with stripes.
Generals wear the trousers with stripes.
Generals wear trousers with stripes.
Generals always prepare to successfully wage the last war over again.
All generals are irregular and all troops are regular.
Any generals ask for another chance to defeat the scouts.
Every general knows that most battles are fought in the trenches.
Every general knows that the key to victory in battle is to maintain an element of surprise.
Most Generals have a laundry list of awards and decorations a mile long.
Some generals fret about it, some suffer in silence.
Generalisation is an idea
Generalisations are dangerous, however.
Generalisations are meaningless.
Generalisations are only possible where one finds clear-cut parallel cases.
Generalisations are useful and necessary, but poets are always sui generis .
Generalisations can be dangerous.
Generalised seizures occur when the whole of the brain is affected, and consciousness is lost.
Generalised transgression is certainly a major problem for the Albanian insurrection.
Generalised weakness can be evident with a loss of appetite.
Generalist consultants work for a wide range of consulting firms.
Generalist herbivores eat plants.
Generalist herbivores select food.
Most generalist herbivores eat plants.
Most generalist herbivores select food.
Generalist position includes core lab and blood bank and limited micro.
Generalist practice addresses both private concerns and public problems.
Generalist practice involves assessment and interventions at the micro, mezo, and macro levels.
Generalist practice involves assessment and interventions at the micro, mezzo, and macro levels.
Generalist practice involves assessments and interventions at the micro, mezzo, and macro levels.
Generalist practice involves assessmer.t and interventions at the micro, mezzo, and macro levels.
Some generalist predators have impact.
Some generalist predators have potential impact.
A generalist is a student
Generalist isa individual.
Generalist isa person.
Generalist isa somebody.
Generalist isa someone.
Generalists are bees that gather nectar and pollen from a wide range of flower types and species.
Generalists are more advantageous than specialists in environments where there is rapid change.
Generalists are more common in subtropical tree crops and maintain themselves longer.
Generalists are much more in demand, particularly with young, emerging companies.
Generalists are old news.
Generalists are organisms that are adapted to a range of habitats.
Generalists are scholars.
Generalists are species that are able to survive in a wide variety of environmental conditions.
Generalists are still hard to obtain.
Generalists dominate both the mammal and bird fauna.
Generalists go a few steps further in that they have more advanced knowledge and skills.
Generalists have (part) arms.
Generalists have (part) body substances.
Generalists have (part) cell membranes.
Generalists have (part) cells.
Generalists have (part) corpi.
Generalists have (part) cytoplasm.
Generalists have (part) heads.
Generalists have (part) human bodies.
Generalists have (part) legs.
Generalists have (part) material bodies.
Generalists have (part) necks.
Generalists have (part) nuclei.
Generalists have (part) personality.
Generalists have (part) plasma membranes.
Generalists have (part) sections.
Generalists have (part) vacuoles.
Generalists have broad ecological tolerances and can live in many different places.
Generalists have higher threshold to survive a perturbation and hence higher persistence.
Generalists have success.
Generalists have to work harder.
Generalists help students, like a teller.
Generalists live longer.
Generalists manage an entire facility, such as a nursing home.
Generalists manage or help to manage an entire facility or system.
Generalists practice in social work is emphasized.
Generalists range across a variety of industries and management levels.
Generalists tend to be a bit more isolated from the effects of a downturn.
Generalists tend to get their hands into everything.
Generalists vary widely in their knowledge of and comfort with depression treatments.
Most generalists have success.
Some generalists have advantage.
Some generalists have responses.
Some generalists occupy ranges.
Some generalists support managers.
Generalities are a little bit of everything.
Generalities are dangerous in cities.
Generalities are easy to make but misleading.
Generalities are far less believable than specifics.
Generalities are problematic, especially when discussing homes which are all unique.
Generalities are safe.
Generalities are statements which apply to more than one particular.
Generalities are very hard to respond to.
Generalities born out of misinformation and sensationalism do everyone a disservice.
Generalities breed misplaced expectations and provide cover for inaction.
Generalities have only a limited utility.
Generalities hold little to no weight.
Generality applies more to CGI programs than to other applications.
Generality features art galleries and entertaining stories.
Generality grows together with the mathematical rigor in formulation and derivation.
Generality is a term used to show how meaningful a behavior change is .
Generality is a term used to show how meaningful a behavior change is.
Generality is an idea
Generality is based on understanding what is going on.
Generality is bought at the expense of accuracy.
Generality is good, but ambiguity is a vice.
Generality is it broad enough to extend to the new situation.
Generality is obviously useful.
Generality is quality.
Generality is the salt of religion.
Some generalities emerge.
Some generalities exist, but prediction of radiative budgets pose a problem.
Generalization can lead to effective coping or it can cause behavioral problems.
Generalization can occur in both classical and operant conditioning.
Generalization can simplify the program development and understanding.
Generalization concerning optimal quality control is impossible.
Generalization extends learning to new settings and similar situations.
Generalization follows after common threads are discovered and confirmed experimentally.
Generalization follows quickly upon abstraction.
Generalization has an absurd side.
Generalization has to do with the spread of behaviors, and it occurs two ways.
Generalization indeed is the sine qua non of instruction.
Generalization is a dangerous thing to do without any kind of consideration.
Generalization is a total task , which touches all the items to be shown on a map.
Generalization is also usually better for smooth functions.
Generalization is always a new influx of the divinity into the mind.
Generalization is an extension of a schema to a larger class of grammars.
Generalization is association
Generalization is concise and logically follows from stated evidence in report.
Generalization is difficult.
Generalization is ideas.
Generalization is made by constructing a covariant derivative.
Generalization is one of the more difficult problems in social science.
Generalization is that child form is constrained to a particular template.
Generalization is the ability to see a relationship between things.
Generalization is the basis for the formation of our beliefs.
Generalization is the key.
Generalization is the process of responding to a new situation based on past experience.
Generalization is the relationship between a class and one or more refined versions of it.
Generalization is the subject of oddly conflicting attitudes.
Generalization is the tendency to see things in always or never categories.
Generalization is transfers.
Generalization is very difficult.
Generalization isa cognition.
Generalization isa knowledge.
Generalization leads to abstraction, to patterns in the mind .
Generalization leads to simple visual images.
Generalization means that similar as well as identical stimuli can elicit a response.
Generalization mostly relates to concrete items listed in the report.
Generalization occurs if the response is reinforced in a variety of conditions or situations.
Generalization occurs in two ways.
Generalization presents problems.
Generalization replaces costly training experience.
Generalization requires good writing and research skills.
Generalization simplifies the model by eliminating redundancy.
Generalization unites a series of ALTs into a synthesized perspective.
Generalizations are always wrong.
Generalizations are dangerous for the future of young children.
Generalizations are dangerous, but here are some guidelines for the time required.
Generalizations are dangerous.
Generalizations are necessary in the science of statistics.
Generalizations are no substitute for professional review and analysis.
Generalizations are nowhere more dangerous than here.
Generalizations are on their face unfair and unkind to the individual.
Generalizations are somewhat dangerous.
Generalizations are tentative statistical inferences and theoretical hypotheses.
Generalizations are therefore dangerous.
Generalizations are treacherous in the application of large constitutional concepts.
Generalizations are true and verifiable for all cases on the basis of the best evidence available.
Generalizations are unavoidable.
Generalizations are unsupported by evidence.
Generalizations are usually assumptions made about a group based on perceptions or inferences.
Generalizations are usually inaccurate.
Generalizations can be problematic, of course.
Generalizations can come from several sources.
Generalizations come from an analysis of many sets of facts.
Generalizations come from cases, lots of cases.
Generalizations go under many names.
Generalizations lead to an apocalyptic diabolization of government.
Generalizations mean nothing when dealing with individuals.
Generalizations organize and summarize information obtained from the analysis of facts.
Generalizations regarding Latin America are dangerous.
Generalizations require careful usage.
Generalizations specifically fit nothing, and include everything.
Generalizations tend to be more rewarding and more subversive than proverbs or maxims.
All generalizations admit of error.
All generalizations are bad.
All generalizations are false.
All generalizations are generalizations.
All generalizations are misleading.
All generalizations are provisional.
All generalizations are unknowable.
All generalizations derived from election returns are, of course, merely hypotheses.
Some generalizations appear, however, to be possible to make.
Some generalizations are finer, with more distinctions, than others.
Some generalizations are possible about the nature of the decline.
Some generalizations are possible, though.
Some generalizations are possible.
Generalized absence seizures most often occur in childhood and disappear by adolescence.
Generalized adenopathy is common, particularly in children, young adults, and blacks.
Generalized advice is therefore dangerous.
Generalized amnesia blocks out all memories concerning the victim's entire previous life.
Generalized anxiety is a condition that turns daily life into a state of worry, anxiety, and fear.
Generalized anxiety is characterized by uncontrollable and excessive worry, tension, and anxiety.
Generalized anxiety is usually less intense and more spread out over many hours during the day.
Generalized anxiety makes it difficult for people to concentrate and pay attention.
Generalized atrophy is present on the right.
Generalized concepts provide the basis of classification.
Generalized conditioning is important to follow with stretching and strengthening program.
Generalized connectors provide the capability to connect a single input to one or more outputs.
Generalized convulsions are rare in cats.
Generalized cost is important both in forecasting and evaluation.
Generalized deflation tends to depress stock markets.
Generalized discharges are ictal in nature.
Generalized edema is often present.
Generalized edema means an expansion of both the interstitial and intracellular fluid compartments.
Generalized epilepsy affects the entire brain.
Generalized epilepsy is epilepsy
Generalized epilepsy is more likely to involve genetic factors than partial or focal epilepsy.
Generalized glamour is far better than specific glamours.
Generalized infection is the most frequent cause of death.
Generalized infections are rare.
Generalized involvement is characterized by yellow-orange erythema with desquamation.
Generalized knowledge comes from learning that relates to a wide variety of applications.
Generalized markup allows for much flexibility.
Generalized markup is a better model for information reuse and flexibility.
Generalized play leads to the libidinization of life.
Generalized principles are all eternal.
Generalized pruritus can precede some skin disease such as pemphigoid.
Generalized reciprocity implies a correlation between perceiver and target effects.
Generalized references say that, after European contact, native women wove the belts.
A generalized seizure is an epileptic seizure
Generalized seizures affect all of the brain.
Generalized seizures affect the entire body.
Generalized seizures appear to start on the entire surface of the brain at the same time.
Generalized seizures are more severe and involve both sides of the brain.
Generalized seizures begin with a discharge of neurons throughout the brain .
Generalized seizures can be idiopathic epilepsy, acquired epilepsy or active seizure disease.
Generalized seizures can be major or minor in their motor manifestations.
Generalized seizures involve a loss of consciousness and affect the whole body.
Generalized seizures involve both sides of the brain.
Generalized seizures involve electrical disturbances that occur all over the brain at the same time.
Generalized seizures involve the whole brain.
Generalized seizures occur when the abnormal discharge involves the entire brain.
Generalized seizures originate from both cerebral hemispheres from the start.
Generalized speedup is defined as parallel speed over sequential speed.
Generalized steps are below.
Generalized transduction allows the transfer of virtually any bacterial gene.
Generalized weakness can occur with primary muscle as well as primary nerve pathology.
Generallythese units are very powerful.
A generalship is a position
Generalship is command of timing, distance, space, and movement.
Generalship requires a keen analytical mind and an intuitive feel for topography.
Generate electricity has impact.
Most generate electricity has impact.
Generate plants use water.
Generate stations create energy.
Most generate stations create energy.
Generated concepts are good enough solutions that are accepted by the participants.
Generated list is configurable by templates.
A generation gap is a gap
Generation gap is another important factor to be taken into consideration.
Generation gaps are common in virtually all American ethnic groups.
Generation offspring will have eyes.
Generation one is a more superficial scan of the sky.
Generation ships are plausible, but limit the stories an author can tell.
Generation time depends on the culture conditions.
Generation time is about nine months for American cockroaches.
Generation time is the time required to complete a generation.
Generation time varies with species and conditions.
Generation times are calculated during the exponential phase of growth.
Some generation times can be about a day, others about seven hours.
Generation X are the workers of today and tomorrow.
Generation X can either continue to float off into fantasy, or embrace science and reason.
Generation X gets to connect with adults in a new, bottom-up way.
Generation X sounds more like a techno group than anything else.
Generation X spends more time at work.
Generation X Turns Out to be Generous.
Generation xs are generation.
Generation discusses the different ways power is generated and the various advantages of each.
Generation equals tons recycled plus disposed in the Metro area.
Generation goes and generation comes, but the earth forever abides.
Generation implies production and promotion.
Generation is a key technology for component creation and composition.
Generation is a people
Generation is accomplished in only three simple steps.
Generation is available in three, five, and eight pound containers.
Generation is called for during peak demands of the day or to provide power when otherwise needed.
Generation is carried on by independent companies, including some state-owned companies.
Generation is dependant upon silent motion.
Generation is how many times it's been recorded.
Generation is included for plants in test status.
Generation is phases.
Generation is production.
Generation is reproduction.
Generation is second, procession is third.
Generation is small-scale and inefficient.
Generation is the act of producing an offspring .
Generation is the actual creation of electricity.
Generation is the actual production of electricity.
Generation is the link.
Generation is the making of electricity.
Generation is the offspring of a certain parent or couple.
Generation is the percent of all sources of electricity actually produced with nuclear energy.
Generation is the premier production.
Generation is the process by which fuels are converted into electric energy.
Generation is the production of electricity.
Generation is the total amount of waste disposed and diverted.
Generation is time periods.
Generation is where power is created.
Generation isa group.
Generation makes use of a private key to generate a digital signature.
Generation maps the survival of a traumatic childhood.
Generation mean analysis of agronomic traits in chickpea.
Generation mean analysis of ear resistance to European corn borer in sweet corn.
Generation means analysis of leaf and stem resistance to gummy stem blight in cucumber.
Generation picks honesty and integrity as the attributes they admire most about a person.
Generation produces essentially an ultrasonic wave propagating normal to the surface.
Generation represents about a third of a typical residential monthly energy bill.
Generation skipping and generation merging are common problems.
Generations allows users to create specific note fields.
Generations altrnate, but medusa stage is reduced.
Generations are assumed to follow each other in discrete and separate steps.
Generations are at risk.
Generations are color-coded for easy viewing.
Generations are continuous in Hawaii, often overlapping.
Generations are continuous in Hawaii.
Generations are continuous throughout the year in Hawaii.
Generations are continuous throughout the year.
Generations are months.
Generations are numerous, and the rate of increase is tremendous.
Generations are shorter.
Generations become connected.
Generations blend in timeless marches, worshiping, awed, inspired by ancient glass.
Generations boasts one of the largest breakfast menus in the greater Columbia area.
Generations build on generations, consuming, reproducing, departing.
Generations can be color-coded for ease of viewing.
Generations can be color-coded for easy viewing.
Generations can get along.
Generations can greatly overlap.
Generations can share their memories of holiday traditions and share pictures.
Generations come and generation go, but the earth abides forever.
Generations come and generations go, as the wheel of time rolls on.
Generations come and generations go, but the earth remains forever.
Generations come and generations go, but the world stays just the same.
Generations come and generations go, while the earth endures for ever.
Generations come and generations go, while the earth endures forever.
Generations come and go and time passes by, it is a natural process as old as time itself.
Generations come and go, but it makes no difference.
Generations come and go.
Generations come more and more quickly.
Generations come out to the park.
Generations does however suffer from some flaws.
Generations grow up having heard it from the cradle onwards.
Generations has the potential to do that.
Generations has top shelf charting capabilities which have easy drag and drop editing.
Generations is a CD for the whole family.
Generations is a leader in senior housing, assisted living and long term care.
Generations is a programme produced under South African broadcasting local content provisions.
Generations is easy to use.
Generations is the top-rated family history product on the market today.
Generations just stay in town and they stay involved.
Generations live across the street from each other.
Generations make a difference.
Generations mature and are ripe to be part of the labour force.
Generations melt away, but the course of grace is unaltered.
Generations offers a generous collection of events and facts and an intuitive way to add new ones.
Generations offers obtuse puzzles, usually in the form of doors.
Generations overlap and all stages can be present on southern peas at the same time.
Generations overlap as the season progresses.
Generations overlap thus.
Generations pass and a small boy finds a bottle on the shores of the bay.
Generations pass as inevitably as time.
Generations pass away, to give room to the young and the yet unborn to make their own mark.
Generations pass into a science-fiction future.
Generations pass, and old labels often no longer apply truthfully.
Generations perform ceremonies of reconciliation but there is no end.
Generations play together.
Generations play tonight.
Generations provides users with a list of tags for use when recording events or facts.
Generations refer to the various segments of the conducting airways of the respiratory tract.
Generations shows cattlemen from Maryland, Alabama, Iowa, Texas, Montana, Arizona and South Dakota.
Generations stands alone as the premiere platform for readers to share their lives with others.
Generations surfac- ing rivers of macadam.
Generations take one to two years.
Generations tend to overlap.
Generations always emphasize or de-emphasize different parts.
Generation usually happens at a power plant.
All generation is provided by the solar electric array.
All generations enjoy the lawn bowling, shuffleboard and bocce.
All generations have their own and some are good and some pretty bad.
All generations love each other.
Any generation can lose that which was enjoyed by the former.
Every generation adds new links to the Jewish chain.
Every generation agrees the world is in worse shape than ever before.
Every generation also feels that situations are different today.
Every generation attempts to reinterpret the past, to tell new stories from history.
Every generation begins at the beginning, the examination is the same.
Every generation believes in their scientific evidence.
Every generation brings a different outlook.
Every generation brings a gift.
Every generation brings about a social revolution now.
Every generation brings new values, new viewpoints.
Every generation can blame someone or something for the mistakes that society now has.
Every generation contains an enormous range of motives, lifestyles, hopes, and dreams.
Every generation criticizes the younger generation.
Every generation discovers it anew, especially in the South.
Every generation discovers the hoop in some form.
Every generation does that.
Every generation draws lessons about the world from the events it experiences.
Every generation encounters anger in adolescents.
Every generation faces a challenge.
Every generation faces a new economy.
Every generation faces something different, and, in that way, every generation is the same.
Every generation faces the same basic temptations.
Every generation feels that the times they live in are different from that of their parents.
Every generation feels the impulse of hope.
Every generation forgets the experiences of the one before.
Every generation gets the millennium it deserves.
Every generation gets worse.
Every generation goes through similar problems.
Every generation grows restless and eager to take the helm and try their hand at leadership.
Every generation grows up in a different world than their parents.
Every generation has a chance to make the world a better place.
Every generation has a different perspective on community issues.
Every generation has a different vision of what retirement means.
Every generation has a dream.
Every generation has a great band they call their own.
Every generation has a hero.
Every generation has a legend . . .
Every generation has a legend.
Every generation has a moral assignment.
Every generation has a moral duty to reach out to the poor and needy.
Every generation has a mythology.
Every generation has a responsibility to make the Christian faith credible in their own time.
Every generation has a voice.
Every generation has an educational responsibility.
Every generation has different goals, needs, experiences, and communication styles.
Every generation has intellectuals who commit artistic and intellectual treason.
Every generation has it own passionate and misguided obsessions.
Every generation has it s rock heroes.
Every generation has one's legend.
Every generation has people who want to go back in time.
Every generation has real dangers to worry about.
Every generation has secrets.
Every generation has teen idols .
Every generation has the right to a safe and healthy environment and the opportunities it provides.
Every generation has the right to enjoy the countryside.
Every generation has their own fight.
Every generation has their own set of challenges.
Every generation has to accomplish democracy over again.
Every generation has to go through a purging of language, an invention of meaning in order to exist.
Every generation has unique experiences that are shaped by their era.
Every generation inherits the achievements as well as the shortfalls of preceding generations.
Every generation is a continuation but also something else unprecedented in human consciousness.
Every generation is a new evolution in the world, entering into the existing old values.
Every generation is buffetted by the various storms that afflict humanity.
Every generation is called on to surmount obstacles.
Every generation is different and has different needs and preferences.
Every generation is different, at least in part.
Every generation is different.
Every generation is forced to do something a little more extreme.
Every generation is of lower quality.
Every generation is strategic.
Every generation is unique, of course, and each has it's distinguishing peculiarities.
Every generation laments the passing of cherished traditions.
Every generation laughs at the old fashions but follows religiously the new.
Every generation laughs at the old fashions but religiously follows the new.
Every generation laughs at the old fashions, but follows religiously the new.
Every generation learns from the generation before.
Every generation learns from the last a reality that is sometimes very unfortunate.
Every generation learns lessons the hard way, through experience.
Every generation leaves parents perplexed and distraught.
Every generation likes to think that that it lives in a time of unique change.
Every generation likes to think they invented the good stuff.
Every generation looks at things in new ways.
Every generation looks to it's freaks and outcasts.
Every generation needs a new revolution.
Every generation needs good leadership, especially in times of struggle and doubt b.
Every generation needs men and women of courage.
Every generation needs more advanced education than the one that came before.
Every generation needs somebody to look back on, so they can see their own progress.
Every generation needs the generation before it, and so on down the line.
Every generation needs to be an incremental step in the evolution to a new species.
Every generation needs to be reached with methods appropriate to their needs and genre.
Every generation needs to build a bridge for the next generation.
Every generation needs to experience pentecost for itself.
Every generation needs to know the same message.
Every generation needs to know what happened in the holocaust.
Every generation needs to read it.
Every generation needs to re-learn that lesson.
Every generation produces men with more ego than ability who covet power.
Every generation produces swindlers who exploit gullible people eager to believe in voodooism.
Every generation reacts against what preceded it.
Every generation reexamines wasteful habits.
Every generation reshapes the idea of rebellion, gives it a new form.
Every generation seems to generate names that become trendy and popular.
Every generation seems to have a common cause which brought everyone together.
Every generation sees kids culture as a threat to their authority and dominant values.
Every generation sees many problems with the next generation, their ideals and habits.
Every generation stands on the frontiers of the mind.
Every generation starts with evening and ends with the morning.
Every generation thinks that it is going through unprecedented transformation.
Every generation thinks that they know something better than the last generation.
Every generation thinks there's is the best.
Every generation throws a hero up the pop charts, every generation rebels.
Every generation wants something better for the next.
Every generation wants something different.
Every generation weeds out more and more problems between people.
Many generations are produced each year in Arizona.
Many generations can occur in one season.
Many generations can occur over a single season.
Many generations can occur per year.
Many generations occur each year, depending on the species of spider mite.
Many generations occur each year.
Many generations occur in a single season.
Many generations occur in a year.
Many generations occur per season.
More generation is certainly in everybody's interest.
More generations are available by request.
More generations are possible, especially if beetles develop in corn refuse.
Some generations go to war to preserve it.
Some generations just have to elect the right people to preserve it.
Generational bonuses are a powerful concept.
Generational boundaries are a special instance of the formation of boundaries .
Generational boundaries are intact.
Generational conflict is a common theme and one that teenagers find of immediate interest.
Generational differences are nothing new.
Generational differences are often at play, with younger women being more assertive.
Generational differences can create gaps within families and the workplace.
Generational differences create tension.
Generational distinctions can be very misleading.
Generational effects affect all people born at the same time.
Generational farmers are almost always sole proprietorships.
Generational identity goes deeper than popular culture.
Generational identity is more about attitude than age.
Generational inheritance is feminism's strongest constituency.
Generational marketing plays a key role.
Generational novels are always the trickiest to handle.
Generational poverty is much more difficult to erradicate.
Generational renewal can have unintended consequences.
Generational responsibility is a sacred trust.
Generational shifts are fluid.
Every generational shift says the same thing about the next generation.
Generational sin appears to be amplified in succeeding generations.
Generational suffixes are difficult enough to disambiguate from names.
Generational ties link widely disparate individuals of varying education, income, and life-stage.
Generative anthropology is committed to a foundational and unified conception of the human.
Generative applications are like planting seeds.
Generative approaches are now on the increase in many areas of application.
Generative assessment leads to further learning.
Generative change is more interesting and much more fun.
A generative grammar is syntax
Generative grammar defines knowledge of language as knowledge of syntax.
Generative grammar is quite different.
Generative links are 'horizontal' links between nodes that have contextual similarities.
Generative pedagogies challenge traditional educational systems, institutions and organizations.
Generative topics are accessible .
Generative topics are interesting to students .
Generative topics are interesting to the teacher .
Generative topics offer opportunities for multiple connections .
Generative writing is emphasized from the start as the most effective way to build fluency.
Generator sets can be custom built to meet strict description and performance specifications.
All generator sets are prototype tested and production tested.
A generator is apparatus
Generator are on their page.
Generator automates production tasks, enabling Web developers to be more efficient and profitable.
Generator begins working on a problem by creating a random population of trial solutions.
Generator is able to locate alternate solutions much better than the competition's software.
Generator is available at additional cost.
Generator is to the right in front of engines, easily serviced.
Generator isa engine.
Generator runs approximately five hours on a full tank, one gallon of gasoline.
Generators add weight.
Generators also are an expensive proposition.
Generators also pose electrical hazards.
Generators are a more expensive option.
Generators are a very natural way to write procedures that compute a sequence of values.
Generators are apparatus.
Generators are available for rent.
Generators are available fueled by gasoline, diesel, and propane.
Generators are available in many sizes, voltages, and fuel types.
Generators are best due to the fact that the solution can be made in quantity for a lot less.
Generators are best operated outdoors.
Generators are definitely a hot ticket.
Generators are devices that turn mechanical energy into electrical energy.
Generators are electrical devices.
Generators are electronic devices.
Generators are engines.
Generators Are Expanders.
Generators are expensive.
Generators are extremely efficient in converting mechanical energy to electrical energy.
Generators are extremely noisy.
Generators are fine, but only if they are installed and sized properly.
Generators are global to the database, and can be used and updated in any transaction.
Generators are makers.
Generators are mechanical devices.
Generators are noisy and expensive.
Generators are OK to bring.
Generators are on hand.
Generators are part of cars.
Generators are responsible for making hazardous waste determinations.
Generators are responsible for obtaining necessary storage containers.
Generators are responsible for supplying their own separate containers.
Generators are responsible for the cost of hazardous waste disposal.
Generators are responsible for transporting the carcasses to the incinerator.
Generators are the largest segment of the used oil industry.
Generators are x and y.
Generators bring a good price in Mexico, and can be removed from most rigs in a matter of minutes.
Generators can also cause personal injury.
Generators can and do enter into direct deals with commercial and industrial users.
Generators can be expensive and noisy.
Generators can continue to operate nuclear plant as long as it remains safe and economical to do so.
Generators can fulfill their responsibility by following good housekeeping practices.
Generators can provide power to many houseboat electrical needs when away from the dock.
Generators come in many sizes.
Generators convert energy.
Generators convert forces.
Generators convert kinetic energy.
Generators convert mechanical energy.
Generators convert mechanical forces.
Generators convert mechanical power.
Generators convert other types of mechanical energy into electromagnetic energy.
Generators convert power.
Generators create charge.
Generators create data, effectively acting as an information source.
Generators create electrical charge.
Generators create electrical energy.
Generators create electricity.
Generators create energy.
Generators create nearly as many problems as they solve, particularly air and noise pollution.
Generators create voltage.
Generators deny any manipulation of the market.
Generators deny gouging.
Generators drive motors.
Generators driven by the diesel engines provide the power to traction motors for the ascent.
Generators form the heart of a modern power station.
Generators Fueled by gas, generators can run appliances and fans.
Generators generate heat.
Generators get energy when pressed against the spinning tire.
Generators give power to other components.
Generators have (part) power trains.
Generators have (part) sections.
Generators have energy.
Generators have harness energy.
Generators have wire.
Generators heap and loc for dynamic allocation.
Generators keep U.S. facilities supplied with power.
Generators make electricity.
Generators move electrons by coils of wire and magnets.
Generators operate devices.
Generators operate electronic devices.
Generators operate small electronic devices.
Generators present a particularly difficult problem for repair.
Generators produce carbon monoxide poisoning.
Generators produce carbon monoxide, an odorless, colorless gas that can kill people.
Generators produce carbon monoxide.
Generators produce current.
Generators produce electric current.
Generators produce electric power.
Generators produce electricity.
Generators produce enough electric current to light a medium-sized town.
Generators produce measurable electric current.
Generators produce multiple results when they are needed by the surrounding expression.
Generators produce power.
Generators provide a backup power source during any power outage whether for an hour or a week.
Generators provide charge.
Generators provide electricity that can be transmitted on power lines leading to and from a home.
Generators represent a large, established worldwide market.
Generators require large amounts of copper wire.
Generators require more skill and patience to install than do most battery-powered lights.
Generators require rebuild.
Generators retain title to spent carbon.
Generators run on either propane gas or oil.
Generators say they are eager to sign deals but call utilities skittish.
Generators spike and slow down during changes in power demand.
Generators start, only to fail at crucial moments.
Generators supply domestic electricity.
Generators supply electricity.
Generators supply other locations.
Generators transform energy.
Generators transform mechanical energy.
Generators use almost as much fuel for light duty as they do for heavy duty.
Generators use charge.
Generators use electrical charge.
Generators use electromagnetic principles.
Generators use electronics.
Generators use magnetic charge.
Generators use magnets and electromagnetism to convert mechanical power to electrical power.
Generators use no fuel and maintenance is minimal.
Generators use principles.
Generators use same principles.
Generators use sophisticate electronics.
Generators used in a garage can result in fumes seeping into the home.
Generators usually come equipped with an hour meter.
Generators usually have several North - South pole pairs .
Generators usually produce electricity with a low voltage.
All Generators are ready for sea shipment in Boxes.
All generators can initialize the sequence by a starting seed.
All generators come with a four page detailed operating instruction sheet.
All generators generate mazes with a certain 'characteristic'.
All generators give less performance at higher altitudes.
Every generator is required to be tested in the week before the changeover.
Many generators are also quite noisy in action.
Many generators recycle some wastes off-site.
Most generators add weight.
Most generators convert energy.
Most generators convert forces.
Most generators convert kinetic energy.
Most generators convert mechanical energy.
Most generators convert mechanical forces.
Most generators convert mechanical power.
Most generators convert power.
Most generators create charge.
Most generators create electrical charge.
Most generators create electrical energy.
Most generators create electricity.
Most generators create energy.
Most generators create voltage.
Most generators drive motors.
Most generators generate heat.
Most generators have energy.
Most generators have harness energy.
Most generators have wire.
Most generators make electricity.
Most generators operate devices.
Most generators operate electronic devices.
Most generators operate small electronic devices.
Most generators produce current.
Most generators produce electric current.
Most generators produce electric power.
Most generators produce electricity.
Most generators produce measurable electric current.
Most generators produce power.
Most generators provide charge.
Most generators supply domestic electricity.
Most generators supply electricity.
Most generators transform energy.
Most generators transform mechanical energy.
Most generators use charge.
Most generators use electrical charge.
Most generators use electromagnetic principles.
Most generators use electronics.
Most generators use magnetic charge.
Most generators use principles.
Most generators use same principles.
Most generators use sophisticate electronics.
Some generator have air filters, check and replace as necessary.
Some generators are also GPIB programmable.
Some generators are available as separate units that require a drive source.
Some generators can recharge the bike directly, with no charger needed.
Some generators consist of magnets.
Some generators consist of permanent magnets.
Some generators consist of slabs.
Some generators contain a shuffle box.
Some generators enable a spare base with a lid to be carried and the bases simply swapped over.
Some generators even have their rated output at a specific rpm on the generator tag.
Some generators have cores.
Some generators have high permeability cores.
Some generators have permeability cores.
Some generators kill mites.
Some generators meet requirements.
Some generators mount on shafts.
Some generators provide power.
Some generators use energy.
Some generators use magnets.
Some generators use options.
Some generators work on principles.
Generic acyclovir is already available.
Generic advertising is a secondary activity of marketing orders.
Generic algorithms require their arguments to be models of certain concepts.
Generic announcements are also available in packages of ten.
Generic approaches appear in many cases to be successful and offer maximum privacy.
Generic approaches are only a starting point.
Generic architecture Allows for easy integration of future cameras.
Generic aspirin is available as tablets or capsules.
Generic assets are part of the product line infrastructure.
Generic asteroids are the plain colorless ones.
Generic audiotapes are available for purchase if needed.
Generic bismuth subsalicylate oral liquid is available.
Generic blondes are a good idea, and turning down cash from bad guys never hurts.
Generic brands are also available.
Generic brands are as little as twelve dollars.
Generic brands are just as good as name brands.
Generic brands are widely available and are cheaper yet.
Generic cards work generically.
Most generic cattle are small in the horn department and very small in the muscle department.
Generic characters are given below.
Generic children are relatively easy when compared to the job of satisfying parents.
Generic commentary is so soothing and keeps everyone happy.
Generic companies come in and sell the drugs at much cheaper rates.
Generic competition has a dramatic impact on pharmaceutical costs.
Generic contracts are just that generic.
Generic currencies are a good alternative to airline miles.
Generic currencies are different from airline miles.
Generic currencies build loyalty to the program vendor.
Generic currencies operate the same inefficient way as the airline mile.
Generic details are in italics.
All generic disclaimers apply.
Generic diversity decreases-the biota hang from a shorter chain.
Generic diversity is variable ranging from five to sixteen.
Generic domains are better overall since they can be used for multiple purposes.
A generic drug is a drug
A generic drug is a generic
Generic drugs are almost always much less expensive than the corresponding brand name drug.
Generic drugs are certainly available, but like most places, medication can be expensive.
Generic drugs are chemically equivalent to brand name drugs, but cost a lot less.
Generic drugs are chemically equivalent to their name brand counterparts.
Generic drugs are chemically identical to the brand-name products they are intended to replace.
Generic drugs are drugs.
Generic drugs are equal to brand-name drugs for safety and effectiveness.
Generic drugs are generally just as effective as brand names - and much less expensive.
Generic drugs are generics.
Generic drugs are just as effective as the manufacturer's brand name drug, but they cost less.
Generic drugs are less expensive than brand name drugs, but they have the same make up and strength.
Generic drugs are less expensive than brand-name drugs.
Generic drugs are much cheaper than brand-name drugs.
Generic drugs are much less expensive than brand name drugs.
Generic drugs are no more likely to cause side effects than the brand name drugs.
Generic drugs are pharmaceutically and therapeutically equivalent to brand-name drugs.
Generic drugs are the least expensive and therefore have the lowest copayment.
Generic drugs are the same quality as brand-name drugs, but they re less expensive.
Generic drugs are therapeutically equivalent to their brand-name counterparts.
Generic drugs are typical less expensive than the branded products.
Generic drugs are usually cheaper than brand name drugs.
Generic drugs are usually less expensive than branded products.
Generic drugs are usually less expensive than their brandname counterparts.
Generic drugs carry virtually the same labeling information as their brand name versions.
Generic drugs cost less than branded products.
Generic drugs cost significantly less than name-brand drugs.
Generic drugs cost substantially less than brand-name drugs.
Generic drugs have the same active ingredients as brand-name drugs.
Generic drugs offer the most savings and therefore have the lowest copayment.
Generic drugs provide a viable avenue to reduce the cost of drug therapy.
Generic drugs tend to be much less expensive, yet equally effective.
Some generic drugs are readily available at pharmacies.
Generic duplications contain absolutely no meaning, depth or feeling.
Generic essays are less likely to be successful.
Generic eyeliner is no different than the designer kind.
Generic food is usually least expensive.
Generic foods can be the theme for a fine party.
Generic forms are also available.
Generic forms are as effective as the brand name product.
Generic forms are available under the name amantadine.
Some generic forms exist such as tab delimited , space delimited , and comma delimited .
Generic functions can have a multiple arity and support multi-methods.
Generic functions tend to produce a different kind of error message.
Generic functionality is provided by the core agent supplied with the toolkit.
Generic gold is cheap.
Generic hyoscyamine extended-release capsules and tablets are available.
Generic ibuprofen is fine.
Generic implementations make it possible to use theses classes in a wide range of applications.
More generic information relating to networking is kept separate, see menu on the left margin.
Generic ingredients can be really bad quality stuff.
Generic installations are available at a reduced rate.
Generic interface runs in any modern web browser.
Generic letters are ineffective.
Generic logos are for generic companies who aspire only to mediocrity.
Generic manufacturers do have to show that their products are bioequivalent to the brand-name drugs.
Generic manufacturers feel the bill inhibits fair competition.
Generic marks are incapable of functioning as trademarks.
Generic marks have no strength as trademarks.
Generic medication is medicine.
Generic medications are an appropriate substitution in many cases when they are available.
Generic medications are usually less expensive than their brand-name counterparts.
Generic medications produce unpredictable and inconsistent results.
Generic medicines are cheaper and just as effective as brand names.
Generic medicines are generally cheaper.
Generic medicines are often less expensive.
Generic medicines are usually less expensive than their brandname counterparts.
Some generic methods are in common use.
Generic name can sometimes be more marketable than a creative names.
Generic name is nearly identical to another product.
Generic name is sertraline.
Generic names are authoritative and demand respect.
Generic names are gravelometers, gravel templates, and pebblemeters.
Generic names are nouns that can come from any source whatsoever.
Generic names are particularly valuable and ownership is usually difficult to challenge.
Generic names are preferred to specific product names.
Generic names are preferred.
Generic names are usually more complicated and harder to remember than trade names.
Generic names are words such as dictionary words, words commonly used in speech or on the Internet.
Many generic names are a kind of shorthand for the drug's chemical name, structure, or formula.
Generic nodes are a short term solution.
Generic norms are available.
Generic objects are almost the same as their instances.
Generic ontologies seem peculiarly tied to conceptual lexica and linguistic corpora.
Generic packages Know how to specify a generic package.
Generic parameters can be types and constants.
Generic parts compromise their specifications to meet the needs of a variety of cars.
Generic pentoxifylline extended-release tablets are available.
Generic preparations apply to most sports.
Generic preparations are the same as the brand-name preparations.
Generic problems require a specification, standard, rule, policy or principle.
Generic procedures are nearly identical in concept.
Generic products are available at the lowest copayment .
Generic products are available for almost any product in a supermarket.
Generic products are generally less expensive than brand name products but are no less effective.
Generic products are just fine.
Generic products are less expensive and are often the exact same thing as the brand names.
Generic products are usually less expensive than nationally assigned advertised branches.
Generic products seem to lack efficacy.
Generic products tend to be less expensive than brand-name drugs and usually are just as effective.
Many generic products are available.
Most generic products have the exact same ingredients as the name brand but sell for half the price.
Generic programs are polymorphic, but typically in a wider sense than the traditional one.
Generic programs are programs that are parameterised by one or more type constructors.
Generic programming are computer programming.
Generic programming are programming.
Generic programming has a number of advantages.
Generic programming is a great way to implement iterators.
Generic programming is clearly a prize worthy of pursuit.
Generic requests are less successful than a carefully drafted request.
Generic responses are largely unsuccessful.
Generic results yield bankrupt businesses and broken dreams.
Generic resumes are for generic people.
More generic schemes are in the works, too.
Generic sections are available in the following majors.
Generic sites are no longer sufficient.
Generic skills are very important.
Generic software has absolutely no value.
Any generic solicitation is likely to lead to a request for money.
Generic solvers are often more elegant and more efficient than instance solvers.
Generic specifications encourage competition.
Generic substitutes are generally cheaper.
Generic substitution is required.
Generic substitutions become available when the patent on the brand name drug expires.
Generic support ensures that new libraries or objects are saved.
Some generic templates have sorts.
Generic terms are invalid.
Generic terms can never become valid trademarks.
Generic terms describes the genus of the product or service.
Generic terminology is grouped in a general category.
Generic theory is an instance of itslef.
Generic theory is entity theory.
Generic theory rejects any propositions using comprehension or extension.
Generic tickets are available at no charge.
Generic timecards are available in the tutor files.
Generic toner is often a very good bargain.
Generic tools can operate on documents conforming to specific classes.
Generic trademarks are the weakest of all they are entitled to little or no protection.
Generic types are broad types of access used when protecting an object.
Generic types are just a trick that verifies things at compile time.
Generic units are templates.
Generic versions are inexpensive.
Generic words tend to be worth more on the aftermarket than coined words or phrases.
A generic is wine
Generics are almost always as safe and effective as name brands, and they are usually a lot cheaper.
Generics are almost always as safe and effective as name brands, but they are usually a lot cheaper.
Generics are almost unknown.
Generics are cheaper copies of drugs made by manufacturers other than the patent holder.
Generics are cheaper copies of patented drugs.
Generics are drugs whose patents have expired.
Generics are essentially a chemical copy of their brand-name equivalents.
Generics are less expensive than brand names.
Generics are merchandise.
Generics are much cheaper, of course.
Generics are therapeutically equivalent to their brand name counterparts.
Generics are therapeutically equivalent to their brand-name counterparts.
Generics cause no more side effects than brand products.
Generics compete with each other to get best price.
Generics control the lion's share of the market for major off-patent drugs.
Generics cost less than brands.
Generics generally are less expensive than their brand name equivalents.
Generics offer a method for parameterizing entity declarations and architectures.
Generics offer lower cost alternatives in most cases.
Generics pose no greater risk for adverse effects than brands with identical active ingredients.
Generics provide for reusability in programming languages.
Generics save consumers billions of dollars annually.
Generics significantly affect the prices that American consumers pay for drugs.
Generics tend to be significantly less expensive.
Generics use the very same compounds and work in the body exactly the same as the original drugs.
Generosity abounds in so many lives.
Generosity becomes another name for clever marketing.
Generosity begets generosity.
Generosity breeds generosity.
Generosity brings joy, honesty brings peace.
Generosity can be private or social.
Generosity causes a desire to help.
Generosity comes back ten-fold to the bottom line.
Generosity comes in many forms.
Generosity emerges from gratitude.
Generosity exacts a human cost.
Generosity goes with wealth.
Generosity has to be the child's decision.
Generosity includes both refraining from stealing and also sharing.
Generosity is a fluid term.
Generosity is a gift.
Generosity is a great virtue and it is a sign of true religious feeling.
Generosity is a mark of a true believer.
Generosity is a quality of the spirit.
Generosity is a reality, it is nama.
Generosity is a sister-virtue of charity.
Generosity is a virtue.
Generosity is an American value.
Generosity is an appealing quality.
Generosity is an important virtue in Dakota culture.
Generosity is blown out of the water as stifling and useless.
Generosity is different from humanity.
Generosity is encouraged.
Generosity is extension.
Generosity is folly.
Generosity is generosity of spirit.
Generosity is good medicine for the soul.
Generosity is good.
Generosity is kindness
Generosity is kindness.
Generosity is like a rare gem.
Generosity is more charitable than wealth.
Generosity is natural when a grateful attitude prevails.
Generosity is nothing else than a craze to possess.
Generosity is on the rise, too.
Generosity is one of the key signs of a good leader.
Generosity is one of the toughest aspects of Christian character to learn.
Generosity is sharing.
Generosity is stirred by a vision for ministry.
Generosity is subjective, individual, affective, and spontaneous.
Generosity is taught through generosity.
Generosity is the best investment against mental and material poverty.
Generosity is the common quality in small business leaders .
Generosity is the key to across-group relationships.
Generosity is the name of our collective sandbox.
Generosity is the opposite of withholding.
Generosity is the virtue of giving.
Generosity is the virtue that produces peace, as the sutra says.
Generosity is the willingness to connect with others.
Generosity knows no income or class boundaries.
Generosity lies less in giving much than in giving at the right moment.
Generosity looks out first of all for the well being of the other.
Generosity makes a good impression too.
Generosity makes enchanting space open for others.
Generosity means letting others get the credit or praise.
Generosity opens up every situation.
Generosity overflows as people gladly share their talents, time, and financial resources.
Generosity owes more to heart or temperament than to mind or reason.
Generosity replaces competition.
Generosity sounds limp in the competitive framework of economic rationalism.
Generosity starts with a given self.
Generosity takes effort now and then.
Generosity usually comes from the superior and the wai from the inferior.
Generous acts are the lifeblood of our culture.
Generous acts inspire.
Generous actions occur daily in homes and communities and across international boundaries.
Generous allowances are available for the presenation of papers at international conferences.
Generous bag limits with a down home atmosphere for six hunters max.
Generous bag limits with a down-home atmosphere for six hunters max.
Generous basket carries everything from toys to diapers.
Generous behavior creates a state of mind in which prosperity thrives.
Generous benefits package including partial tuition reimbursement.
Generous boy makes allowance for others .
Generous brim protects from the sun's harmful rays, while the braid lets the cool breezes through.
Generous charity is the medicine of the soul.
Generous commissions are available for quantity sales of single subscriptions.
Generous commissions are payable.
Many generous companies have matching programs.
Generous compensation is given.
Generous concessions are available for school or other group bookings also.
Generous counters define the kitchen, where the sink fits into the swing-armed snack bar.
Generous coverage minimizes spillage.
Generous cut allows for layering.
Generous deck overlooks spacious extra lots.
Generous discounts apply for long-term rentals.
Generous discounts apply for purchases of more than two compact discs .
Generous discounts are available for larger campaigns, see below.
Generous discounts are available for laywers and legal firms.
Generous discounts are available.
Generous donors affect the future of ceramics education.
Generous donors are truly the lifeblood of our school.
Generous fireplaces warm the living and family rooms.
Generous flap has center snap closure.
Generous foyer is used as double livingroom.
Generous funds are available for annual professional development as well as a sabbatical fund.
Generous funding is available for activities related to research and teaching.
Generous givers understand what abundant living is all about.
Generous group discounts available.
Generous hospitality allows attendants to focus on enjoying the conference.
Generous hospitality includes highlights such as gulyas, czardas and gipsy music.
Generous incentives are on offer for the right candidate.
Generous incentives package.
Generous landscaping is planned as well.
Generous length allows a speaker to move to the front of the audience to address the crowd.
Generous loan amounts.
Generous loan features for any reason.
Generous lots keep campers coming back.
Generous love can never be exclusive.
Generous oak lingers on the finish.
Generous offset helps keep face square at impact.
Generous package is available to the successful appointee.
Generous parking is available, along with public transportation to the door.
Generous people are the answer to a pastor's prayer.
Generous people build roadside rest houses to gain merit, and anyone can sleep there.
Generous people derive great pleasure from charitable giving.
Generous people enjoy talking about it.
Generous people feel a sense of solidarity with others, empathy and caring.
Generous people give time, money and love to others.
Many generous people associate the names of loved or honored persons with their gifts.
Generous portions are company policy at big eateries.
Generous portions make four sufficient for all but the most cheese-obsessed diner.
Generous portions rule.
Generous prizes are on offer to the winners and runners-up.
Generous programs are available from local businesses, industries, and community groups.
Generous programs tend to reduce labor turnover, and are seen as an important benefit.
Generous purchase allowances.
Generous recognition sets the tone in any environment.
Generous rocker aids in boofing and eddy-catching.
Generous scholarships are also available.
Generous scholarships are available for undergraduate and honours study.
Generous scholarships are available.
Generous scholarships bring Muslim scholars from all parts of the world to be trained in Libya.
Generous size accepts standard bucket.
Generous size encourages shaping practice.
Generous size is about the only thing the agency's places have in common.
Generous sizes allow for layers underneath and ease of movement for active sports.
Generous sizing means unrestricted movement.
Generous smiles seem to hang on all the junior staff's beatific faces.
Generous space is made for offices, stockrooms, and workshop, for efficient operations.
Generous storage is available for personal belongings.
Generous storm flaps over main pack compartment zippers to keep rain out.
Generous students call the course idea misguided.
Generous support comes from hospitals, corporations, individuals and private sector organizations.
Generous supporters facilitate the actions.
Generous time is allocated to speakers and for discussion.
Generous ventilation provides maximum fog protection.
Generous viewers turn out in droves to donate food, clothing, toys and cash.
Genescan software is used to size fragments run with an internal lane size standard.
Genesis creation is in fact what our society was based upon, the whole of Western culture.
Genesis games are really nice and the sound is really good now.
Every genesis story begins with a snake and turns into a nightmare.
Genesis admits new students at the beginning of terms in the fall and spring.
Genesis also contains numerous warnings about the potentially destructive uses of sexuality.
Genesis also features longer top tubes to improve handling and prevent endos.
Genesis also has state of the art broadcasting equipment, and a larger affiliate network.
Genesis also incorporates recreational and extracurricular components into the program.
Genesis also lists birds as being created before the land animals.
Genesis also offers exceptional values on a wide range of hardware.
Genesis also refers prospective volunteers to member agencies.
Genesis also speaks directly about genitals and bodily functions.
Genesis also underlines the creative aspect of sexuality.
Genesis asks after being handed the phone.
Genesis begins with a picture of sea alone.
Genesis can speak for itself, if it is read with an open heart and mind.
Genesis closes with Israel in Egypt.
Genesis comes alive for lost tribe.
Genesis comes essentially as two programs.
Genesis contains the story of the formation of families.
Genesis covers thousands of years of Earth's early history.
Genesis creates powerful and complete Web site usage analysis solutions.
Genesis deals with the origin of the world, of man and of the people of Israel.
Genesis describes the creation as a process of bringing order out of chaos.
Genesis does indeed seem a surrealist ideal of biological generation.
Genesis focuses on the stories in the first book of the Old Testament with wit and vigor.
Genesis gives the logical order of creation.
Genesis has moveable propeller arms.
Genesis has no dates.
Genesis has telescopic wings.
Genesis helps companies, monitor, measure and assess Web, email and offline interactions.
Genesis introduces the problem of sin and evil and the revealing of the solution to that problem.
Genesis is a a maker of high end loudspeakers, amplifiers, and other products.
Genesis is a beginning
Genesis is a bit of a problem, certainly when it is taken literally.
Genesis is a book of origins- the origin of the universe, the origin of life and the origin of man.
Genesis is a business incubator that helps fledging technologybased companies with startup.
Genesis is a case in point.
Genesis is a complete composition of color, style, versatility, and value.
Genesis is a hindrance to the proper interpretation of other Scripture.
Genesis is a leading provider of eldercare in the Eastern United States.
Genesis is a legend describing the origin of all things on earth.
Genesis is a major work of art employing the tools of genetic engineering.
Genesis is a metaphor.
Genesis is a poem of praise and wonder.
Genesis is a prime example.
Genesis is a smart munitions effectiveness evaluation model.
Genesis is a special place.
Genesis is a team of dedicated professionals with years of experience.
Genesis is a vent that sputtered out but came back to life a few years later.
Genesis is a very well-known organization to most of the industry press and analysts.
Genesis is a work of literature.
Genesis is also a catalytic shamanistic tool for personal and cultural transformation.
Genesis is also etiological.
Genesis is also the most quoted book in the rest of the Bible.
Genesis is an example of a commercial product.
Genesis is an honest book that speaks in straightforward terms about our sin and guilt.
Genesis is as integral to the Bible s message as a foundation is to a house.
Genesis is back, too.
Genesis is beginnings.
Genesis is birth, inherently unpredictable, the chaotic yin to synthesis' yang.
Genesis is built on cooperation.
Genesis is committed to keeping costs as low as possible.
Genesis is committed to personalized patient care and leading-edge technology.
Genesis is completely odorless and nontoxic.
Genesis is currently in the studio, working on our first CD project.
Genesis is divided into two major sections.
Genesis is divided into two principal parts.
Genesis is exactly backwards.
Genesis is first.
Genesis is foundational to all of the social, moral, and spiritual issues in our lives.
Genesis is heavybodied and highly pigmented paint.
Genesis is here.
Genesis is life from lifelessness.
Genesis is more quoted in the rest of the Bible than any other book.
Genesis is more, it s about more than just beginnings.
Genesis is much more comforting.
Genesis is one of the greatest and most succesful bands in the world.
Genesis is our main line of equipment.
Genesis is owned by travel agency registries in the U.S., Canada, Australia, Europe and India.
Genesis is part of that revelation.
Genesis is proud to participate in the following events, seminars and presentations.
Genesis is recognized as an e-customer intelligence provider.
Genesis is spacecrafts.
Genesis is the book of beginnings, and explains the origin of Israel.
Genesis is the book of beginnings.
Genesis is the Book of Beginnings.
Genesis is the book of creation. .
Genesis is the book of origins, the book of beginnings.
Genesis is the book that all other scripture is founded on.
Genesis is the brand.
Genesis is the earliest of Biblical history.
Genesis is the fifth major nursing home company to file for bankruptcy in the last year.
Genesis is the first book of the Bible , the beginning point.
Genesis is the first book of the Bible.
Genesis is the first book of the Torah.
Genesis is the first of five books of the Torah called the Pentateuch.
Genesis is the foundational book of the Bible.
Genesis is the logical product for modern sailors.
Genesis is the origin and cause of everything.
Genesis is the process of beginning, the color of new, the promise of original thankfulness.
Genesis is the seed plot of the Bible.
Genesis is the seed-plot of the whole Bible.
Genesis is the story of creation.
Genesis is the story of the beginning of all things.
Genesis is to make and Ergo is power.
Genesis is truly a planetary spacecraft.
Genesis is Trustworthy.
Genesis is very important, it's vital.
Genesis is Western Australia's Infertility support group.
Genesis is written as historical narrative.
Genesis lays the foundation for everything that follows.
Genesis looks like they've been training hard too.
Genesis makes circuit boards and other electronics.
Genesis makes it much, much easier to get started.
Genesis makes no bones about that.
Genesis makes no such statements about man's physical body.
Genesis makes things simple.
Genesis manufactures non-toxic microbial products.
Genesis means beginning .
Genesis mentions nothing about snake evolution.
Genesis now finds itself playing catch-up as losses widen.
Genesis offers confidential support service such as counseling, parenting training, and baby items.
Genesis offers few consistent doctrines.
Genesis offers the mammotome biopsy system of taking a breast biopsy to test for cancer.
Genesis offers the same or even better construction than a site-built home.
Genesis opens with the creation story.
Genesis operates from six locations in the United States, as well as overseas.
Genesis pays half the cost for additional player training opportunities.
Genesis plans to construct at least three other office buildings in the technology park.
Genesis portrays a small family unit which embodies the still embryonic qualities of the nation.
Genesis presents a radically different picture of how the world is put together.
Genesis promises it can deliver.
Genesis provides a quite different historical perspective.
Genesis provides deliveries to hospitals and staffed nursing facilities.
Genesis provides the background for the Exodus and the wilderness settings of the other four books.
Genesis puts a high emphasis on birth.
Genesis puts that great move into the match.
Genesis requires proof of academic affiliation for all software orders.
Genesis runs on something called a fuel cell.
Genesis says otherwise.
Genesis says that marriage makes two individuals into one.
Genesis seeks to make real changes in the lives of orphaned and impoverished children.
Genesis selects players based on capability, commitment, athletic ability, and enthusiasm.
Genesis sets the standard of luxury and innovation in watercraft, including direct fuel injection.
Genesis shows equal confusion over the length of the flood.
Genesis shows how families grew into nations.
Genesis speaks of a definite beginning to the universe-and predicts a definite end as well.
Genesis specifically describes a day as a day in the common understanding of the word.
Genesis stands at the beginning of the Bible.
Genesis teaches a point at which time began.
Genesis tells the story of man s failure.
Genesis understands that business comes first.
Genesis uses many different artist allowing greater variety in their sculptures.
Genesis welcomes international settings and fictitious countries.
Genesys participation is in the first round of funding.
A genet is a carnivore
Genet does it.
Genet is a connectionist approach.
Genet isa mammal.
Genets are a ONE family pet, there is no such thing as rehoming a pet genet.
Genets are highly agile, have quick reflexes and exceptional climbing skills.
Genets are mammals.
Genets are nocturnal animals.
Genets are obsessed with smells.
Genets are the genetic individuals.
Genets can make a variety of vocalizations, such as mewing, purring, hissing, and spitting.
Genets do best with no other pets in a house.
Genets eat reptiles, insects, birds, and small mammals in the wild.
Genets feed on a variety of small birds, rodents, and insects.
Genets have (part) brains.
Genets have (part) breasts.
Genets have (part) cell membranes.
Genets have (part) cells.
Genets have (part) chest cavities.
Genets have (part) chests.
Genets have (part) corpi.
Genets have (part) cytoplasm.
Genets have (part) ears.
Genets have (part) faces.
Genets have (part) heads.
Genets have (part) nuclei.
Genets have (part) pedal extremities.
Genets have (part) piluses.
Genets have (part) plasma membranes.
Genets have (part) rib cages.
Genets have (part) sections.
Genets have (part) skulls.
Genets have (part) sterna.
Genets have (part) vacuoles.
Genets have (part) vertebrate feet.
Genets have claws.
Genets have glands.
Genets have particular preference.
Genets have preference.
Genets have retractable claws.
Genets have semi-retractable claws and resemble an elongated cat in appearance.
Genets have slender, long cat-like bodies and have a banded tail.
Genets travel alone or in pairs.
Genets sometimes take game birds and poultry.
Most genets have claws.
Most genets have glands.
Most genets have particular preference.
Most genets have preference.
Some genets feed on mammals.
Some genets have calls.
Some genets have diets.
Genetic ablation reveals that the roof plate is essential for dorsal interneuron specification.
A genetic abnormality is a disease
Genetic abnormalities are the culprit in a small number, but most tumors have no known cause.
Every genetic abnormality constitutes a pre-existing condition.
Some genetic abnormalities affect bone health.
Some genetic abnormalities affect health.
Some genetic abnormalities signal the presence of a gene that causes a disease.
Genetic adaptation cuts both ways.
Genetic adaptation is a scientific fact.
Genetic advances can be a force for good, but that requires active preparation.
Genetic advances can be a force for good.
Genetic advancements necessitate immediate call to action.
Genetic advice is available for families with the condition.
Genetic advice is available for specific conditions.
Genetic advice is available.
Genetic advice is mandatory.
Genetic algorithm appear to be a good optimization scheme for a small test problem.
Genetic algorithm is a computational paradigm based on biological experience.
Genetic algorithm is implemented as the feature selection procedure.
Genetic algorithm is used to evolve the rewriting rules of the system.
Genetic algorithm uses an analogy of evolution and mutation to generate probable solutions.
Genetic algorithms appear to hold a lot of promise as general purpose adaptive search procedures.
Genetic algorithms are able to reproduce and mutate their behaviour.
Genetic algorithms are algorithms.
Genetic algorithms are an example of such a tool.
Genetic algorithms are an important problem solving technique.
Genetic algorithms are an offshoot of artificial intelligence technology.
Genetic algorithms are another class of adaptive algorithms.
Genetic algorithms are definately more of a art than a science.
Genetic algorithms are effective for many parameter optimization tasks.
Genetic algorithms are essentially a software version of the evolutionary process.
Genetic algorithms are iterative mathematical models which borrow concepts from the natural world.
Genetic algorithms are more extensively developed than the above two topics.
Genetic algorithms are prone to coarseness of scale and premature convergence.
Genetic algorithms are slower and require many more trials.
Genetic algorithms are well-known for their good global search capability.
Genetic algorithms are what alter the input data.
Genetic algorithms are widely applicable, but are slower than other optimisation methods.
Genetic algorithms begin with several potential solutions to a problem.
Genetic algorithms belong to the category of evolutionary computation.
Genetic algorithms can be incredibly efficient if programmed correctly.
Genetic algorithms can maximize or minimize.
Genetic algorithms can refine the networks and collections of rules.
Genetic algorithms can solve optimization problems.
Genetic algorithms create a string of numbers that represent the solution.
Genetic algorithms Generate a population of random possible solutions.
Genetic algorithms have a wide area of applicability in optimization.
Genetic algorithms have several different applications areas.
Genetic algorithms offer the same competitive edge for optimization problems.
Genetic algorithms provide a powerful approach for searching large, ill-behaved problem spaces.
Genetic algorithms provide a problem-solving technique that's too powerful to ignore.
Genetic algorithms require very little information about a problem.
Genetic algorithms require, in general, large quantities of objective function evaluations.
Genetic algorithms tend to converge on only one local optimum of the function.
Genetic algorithms use basic principles of biology and evolution to breed solutions to a problem.
Genetic algorithms use only payoff information to guide themselves through the problem space.
Genetic algorithms use similar approaches.
Genetic algorithms work over a set of gene strings called a population.
Genetic alterations distinguish different types of ovarian tumors.
Genetic alterations limit the ability of the vaccine bacteria to replicate in vertebrate tissues.
Some genetic alteration causes damage.
Genetic analyses are forthcoming, but research is still in the beginning.
Genetic analyses can be difficult in asexual organisms because of the inability to perform crosses.
Genetic analyses indicate homology.
Genetic analyses provide evidence.
Genetic analyses reveal extremely narrow variation, perhaps due to periodic population crashes.
Genetic analyses reveal levels.
Genetic analyses reveal speciation.
Genetic analyses show that males and females have several different mates within a single season.
Genetic analysis awaits funding.
Genetic analysis can also play a part in determining the physical well-being of our ancestors.
Genetic analysis can provide information about other family members.
Genetic analysis confirms that it is a somatic-cell clone.
Genetic analysis indicates a germline requirement for ecdysone-responsive gene expression.
Genetic analysis indicates that all the populations are very similar.
Genetic analysis indicates that both phenotypes are inherited as autosomal dominants .
Genetic analysis indicates that most individuals specialize in a particular host species.
Genetic analysis indicates that tolerance is a fairly simple dominant trait.
Genetic analysis is more complex than most physicians' office laboratories are capable of handling.
Genetic analysis is pending.
Genetic analysis is performed by multiplex DNA amplification.
Genetic analysis provides an unbiased means of identifying novel molecules of functional importance.
Genetic analysis provides diagnosis and therapy for disease and aging.
Genetic analysis provides the only means for distinguishing between the two major XLRP subtypes.
Genetic analysis requires the trait measurements on many individuals of known parentage.
Genetic analysis reveals promiscuity among female cheetahs.
Genetic analysis reveals that male fish eat their own young.
Genetic analysis reveals that piwi is under sex-specific regulation.
Genetic analysis shows that essentially colon and rectal tumours are genetically the same cancer .
Genetic analysis shows that essentially colon and rectal tumours are genetically the same cancer.
Genetic analysis suggests that two independent units contribute to ph function.
Genetic analysis tells what each gene does and tells the body to do.
Most genetic analyses indicate homology.
Most genetic analyses provide evidence.
Most genetic analyses reveal speciation.
Some genetic analyses indicate raccoons.
Some genetic analyses reveal structures.
Some genetic analyses show ancestors.
Some genetic analyses show common ancestors.
Some genetic analyses show diversity.
Some genetic analyses show dogs.
Some genetic analyses show same ancestors.
Some genetic analyses show same common ancestors.
Some genetic analyses suggest dispersal events.
Some genetic analyses suggest events.
Some genetic analyses use markers.
Genetic anomalies abound in the quest for coveted characteristics.
Genetic anomalies can lead to severe wear through developmental disturbances.
Genetic approaches provide information.
Most genetic approaches provide information.
Genetic archaeology zooms in on the origins of modern humans.
Genetic architecture is the genetic basis for quantitative trait variation.
Genetic assimilation is an other problem if hybrids are fully fertile and vigorous.
Genetic backgrounds differ, creating morphologic variation within and between groups of individuals.
Genetic benefits enhance the reproductive success of polyandrous females.
Genetic biotechnology is a branch of the study of genes or genetic make-up.
Genetic biotechnology is a hot issue for many different industries.
Genetic biotechnology is still a very new science and perhaps too many people rush headlong into it.
Genetic care has the potential to move at an exponential rate building on the progress of the past.
Genetic causes are also possible.
Genetic change can remove that protein.
Genetic change is a result of a planned breeding program.
Genetic change is nothing new.
Genetic changes can occur at different levels and by different mechanisms.
Genetic changes can occur randomly by mutation.
Genetic changes caused by environmental risks occur along sequences of DNA at highly variable rates.
Genetic changes occur when there is a change in the gentic code.
Genetic changes underlying their tumorigenesis are primarily unknown.
All genetic changes are the result of environmental adaptations.
Any genetic changes occur very gradually, over time.
Some genetic characteristics enhance chances.
Some genetic chimeras relate to purposes.
Genetic classifications reveal diversity.
Genetic classifications reveal exceptional diversity.
Most genetic classifications reveal diversity.
Most genetic classifications reveal exceptional diversity.
Genetic code evolves spontaneously to permit biological viruses to evade our immune system.
Genetic code is order
Genetic comparison shows fungi evolving now.
Genetic compatibility affects queen and worker caste determination.
Genetic components contribute to variation.
Genetic components represent something approximating half of the risks.
Genetic components represent something in the order of half of the risks.
Most genetic components contribute to variation.
Genetic compositions support theories.
Many genetic concepts are somewhat abstract and can only be learned through practice.
Genetic conditions affect people.
Genetic conditions are a problem in some dogs, particularly purebreeds.
Genetic conditions are chronic conditions.
Genetic conditions are rare.
Genetic conditions are universal.
Genetic conditions can greatly increase the risk of cancer.
Genetic conditions impact individuals at all stages of life.
Genetic conditions run in families.
Most genetic conditions affect people.
Most genetic conditions run in families.
Some genetic conditions affect biology.
Some genetic conditions affect families.
Some genetic conditions affect height.
Some genetic conditions affect melanocyte biology.
Some genetic conditions affect men.
Some genetic conditions are caused by mutations in a single gene.
Some genetic conditions are inherited or passed down in families.
Some genetic conditions are more common in individuals from specific ethnic groups.
Some genetic conditions cause stature.
Genetic connection seems to heighten the impact.
Genetic conservation goes beyond just having certain genes in common.
Genetic constitution is also important in determining resistance to parasites.
Genetic consultation is highly recommended, especially in cases with associated syndromes.
Genetic control is one advantage of raising as compared to buying replacement heifers.
Genetic control is one such strategy which requires basic genetic characterizations.
Genetic correlation is a constraint that refers to traits being expressed through pleiotropy.
Genetic correlations are of greater importance to the animal breeder.
Genetic correlations exist between many economically important traits.
Genetic correlations measure the tendency for traits to be inherited together.
Genetic counsel helps choices.
Genetic counsel helps individuals.
Most genetic counsel helps choices.
Most genetic counsel helps individuals.
Some genetic counsel helps situations.
Some genetic counsel provides parents.
Genetic counseling can be helpful to the family in determining whether heredity is the cause.
Genetic counseling can be very helpful.
Genetic counseling can have a major impact on a person's life.
Genetic counseling can help affected adults make informed decisions about family planning.
Genetic counseling can help couples through the decisionmaking process about family planning.
Genetic counseling can help determine the probability of producing an affected offspring.
Genetic counseling can help people with questions about genetic concerns affecting their families.
Genetic counseling can help predict the risk of retinoblastoma if a family history is present.
Genetic counseling can help the family better understand hemoglobin C disease.
Genetic counseling can help to sort out some of the complexities, both technical and emotional.
Genetic Counseling Find out about the many realms of genetic counseling.
Genetic counseling involves more than just communicating complex medical information to families.
Genetic counseling is a good idea.
Genetic counseling is a relatively new health profession.
Genetic counseling is advisable for the rare juvenile form.
Genetic counseling is advised for people with a family history of the disorder.
Genetic counseling is advised if there is a family history of the disorder.
Genetic counseling is advised when there is a family history of muscular dystrophy.
Genetic counseling is also available for patients with the disease and their family members.
Genetic counseling is also useful for the families of affected children.
Genetic counseling is an expanding field in the era of genomic medicine.
Genetic counseling is an important aspect in the treatment of retinoblastoma.
Genetic counseling is an irregular calling just taking form as a profession.
Genetic counseling is another area.
Genetic counseling is another question.
Genetic counseling is available at most HTCs.
Genetic counseling is available at most large medical centers.
Genetic counseling is available for all members of the families undergoing testing.
Genetic counseling is available for families at high risk of cancer.
Genetic counseling is available to help determine an individual's personal risk of cancer.
Genetic counseling is available.
Genetic counseling is essential prior to DNA testing, and at the time of disclosure of the results.
Genetic counseling is guidance
Genetic counseling is guidance.
Genetic counseling is helpful for determining the risk for offspring in high-risk couples.
Genetic counseling is imperative.
Genetic counseling is important especially since prenatal diagnosis is possible.
Genetic counseling is important for all families who have affected children.
Genetic counseling is important for families with inherited anemias.
Genetic counseling is important for families with the disease.
Genetic counseling is important for the affected individual and extended family.
Genetic counseling is important prior to treatment.
Genetic counseling is indicated for future family planning.
Genetic counseling is indicated in families with a known history.
Genetic counseling is indicated.
Genetic counseling is legally complex.
Genetic counseling is mandatory and confidential.
Genetic counseling is mandatory.
Genetic counseling is necessary for NF patients and families.
Genetic counseling is necessary.
Genetic counseling is obtained before genetic testing.
Genetic counseling is of paramount importance.
Genetic counseling is provided.
Genetic counseling is recommended for high-risk families considering genetic testing.
Genetic counseling is recommended for parents with a family history of metachromatic leukodystrophy.
Genetic counseling is recommended for patients and their families.
Genetic counseling is recommended for prospective parents with a family history of homocystinuria.
Genetic counseling is recommended for prospective parents with a family history of phenylketonuria.
Genetic counseling is recommended.
Genetic counseling is required.
Genetic counseling is the foundation for treating patients and families with inherited conditions.
Genetic counseling is useful for people with a family history of the disease.
Genetic counseling is very important in such families.
Genetic counseling is, of course, also available to any family members who want it.
Genetic counseling starts with a talk about the diagnosis.
Genetic counseling translates scientific knowledge into practical information.
Genetic counseling translates the science into practical information.
Genetic counselling can help to predict the occurrence for individual families.
Genetic counselling can quantify risks for particular parents in their individual circumstances.
Genetic counselling has an important role to play.
Genetic counselling is available for affected families.
Genetic counselling is available for families.
Genetic counselling is available in cases of specific genetic disorder.
Genetic counselling is available in New Zealand.
Genetic counselling is available through regional genetic centres.
Genetic counselling is available.
Genetic counselling is complex for mitochondrial diseases.
Genetic counselling is given where required, and early intervention is planned.
Genetic counselling is important for families with inherited anemias.
Genetic counselling is indicated for affected families.
Genetic counselling is likely to assist in the prevention of heritable dentofacial anomalies.
Genetic counsellors can discuss the risk for each family member.
Most genetic counsellors work in a hospital or research facility.
Genetic counselors analyze laboratory findings to determine how best to advise a patient or family.
Genetic counselors are also in short supply.
Genetic counselors are available for family screening, diagnostic genetic studies and counseling.
Genetic counselors are available to provide education and personalized care.
Genetic counselors are healthcare professionals who are trained in genetics and counseling.
Genetic counselors are medical professionals trained in genetics and patient counseling.
Genetic counselors are medical professionals.
Genetic counselors are relatively rare.
Genetic counselors are uniquely prepared for employment in a variety of roles.
Genetic counselors are usually on staff in hospitals and clinics.
Genetic counselors are well trained and sympathetic.
Genetic counselors assist families in assimilating information and in making critical life choices.
Genetic counselors can also help families cope with a positive diagnosis.
Genetic counselors can be very helpful.
Genetic counselors can help people with questions about genetic concerns affecting their families.
Genetic counselors can help sort out the various options in such a case.
Genetic counselors dominate the content of counseling sessions.
Genetic counselors give information.
Genetic counselors have a minimum of a master's degree in genetic counseling or a related field.
Genetic counselors have diverse educational credentials and background experiences.
Genetic counselors help individuals.
Genetic counselors identify disorder.
Genetic counselors identify genetic disorder.
Genetic counselors identify specific disorder.
Genetic counselors identify specific genetic disorder.
Genetic counselors identify specific genetic disorders or risks through the study of genetics.
Genetic counselors offer guidance on the significance of genetic testing and prevention options.
Genetic counselors offer information and support before and after testing.
Genetic counselors participate in many aspects of health care.
Genetic counselors provide information.
Genetic counselors support the decisions made by couples and individuals.
Genetic counselors tell people what decisions to make.
Genetic counselors try to help families cope with the many ramifications of genetic testing.
Genetic counselors work in centers.
Genetic counselors work in medical centers.
Genetic counselors work with families, patients, and other medical professionals.
Genetic counselors work with families.
Most genetic counselors give information.
Most genetic counselors help individuals.
Most genetic counselors identify disorder.
Most genetic counselors identify genetic disorder.
Most genetic counselors identify specific disorder.
Most genetic counselors identify specific genetic disorder.
Most genetic counselors prefer to meet in person.
Most genetic counselors provide information.
Most genetic counselors work in centers.
Most genetic counselors work in large medical centers or hospitals affiliated with a medical school.
Most genetic counselors work in medical centers.
Most genetic counselors work with families.
Some genetic counselors help likelihood.
Some genetic counselors perform functions.
Some genetic counselors recommend additional tests.
Some genetic counselors recommend tests.
Genetic damage can lead to the development of cancer.
Genetic damage can take several generations to appear.
Genetic damage is a distinguishing feature of cancer cells.
Genetic damage is irreversible.
Genetic damage progresses, resulting in undesirable conditions such as cancer.
Genetic database is searchable.
Genetic data can provide important insight into human evolution.
Genetic data is obtained from tissue samples collected from individual animals.
Genetic defects can occur in any breed and can affect any system in the body.
Some genetic defects cause death.
Some genetic defects cause excessive mucus production.
Some genetic defects cause excessive production.
Some genetic defects cause mucus production.
Some genetic defects cause production.
Some genetic defects interfere with metabolism.
Some genetic defects interfere with sulphur metabolism.
Some genetic defects relate to cousin marriages.
Some genetic defects relate to marriages.
Genetic definition Try defining evolution.
Genetic depletion reveals an essential role for an SR protein splicing factor in vertebrate cells.
Genetic determination is based on the law of probability.
Genetic determination is the highest priority in the planetary game of sexual reproduction.
Genetic determination obstructs it.
Genetic determinism implies a fatalistic attitude toward health and disease.
Genetic determinism is the view that the phenotype is precoded in or determined by the genotype.
Genetic developments deserve more coverage.
Genetic diagnosis can detect or corroborate a suspected inherited disorder.
Genetic diagnosis is very common in many genetic diseases, crimes and family relationship etc.
Genetic diagrams can show the possible outcomes of a particular cross.
Genetic diagrams show the possible genes of offspring.
Genetic differences account for the spectacular range of coral colors and shapes.
Genetic differences are apparent only when every child is fed well.
Genetic differences are due to mutation.
Genetic differences are the suspected cause.
Genetic differences determine the amount of melanin.
Genetic differences discovered so far are much more mundane.
Genetic differences exist in the metabolism of skatole in the liver of different pigs.
Genetic differences lead to reproductive isolation.
Some genetic differences affect development.
Some genetic differentiations take places.
Genetic discoveries give many solutions to people s health now through gene therapy.
Genetic discovery adds another clue to obesity.
Genetic discrimination is a growing phenomenon in both health insurance and the workplace.
Genetic discrimination is a real and growing threat .
Genetic discrimination is a real and potentially devastating possibility.
Genetic discrimination is also likely to emerge from economic pressures.
Genetic discrimination is real.
Genetic discrimination is the most pressing concern.
Genetic discrimination is the other major civil liberty threatened by genetics research.
Genetic discrimination is very real and very dangerous.
Genetic discrimination occurs before and after birth.
Genetic discrimination occurs when genetic information is used to treat people differently.
A genetic disease is a disease
Genetic disease is fairly complex.
Genetic disease knows no boundaries by age, sex, race, or country of origin.
Genetic diseases affect children.
Genetic diseases are another promising area for applications.
Genetic diseases are conditions that can be passed on from a parent to offspring.
Genetic diseases are determined by two genes, one received from the father and one from the mother.
Genetic diseases are diseases that are inherited.
Genetic diseases are diseases.
Genetic diseases are genetic conditions.
Genetic diseases are illnesses.
Genetic diseases are rare, but all common diseases are associated with a number of genes.
Genetic diseases can also arise from an abnormal number or arrangement of chromosomes .
Genetic diseases can also arise from an abnormal number or arrangement of chromosomes.
Genetic diseases can also evolve through genetic drift.
Genetic diseases cause a few types of primary tumors.
Genetic diseases have effects.
Genetic diseases make up a large proportion of the total disease burden in the population.
Genetic diseases manifested by the effects of specific metabolic defects are of particular interest.
Genetic diseases result when a gene is defective or missing, causing affected cells to malfunction.
Many genetic diseases occur because a person is missing the gene for a single enzyme.
Many genetic diseases occur only with the right environment.
Most genetic diseases affect children.
Most genetic diseases are an aberration of some biological maneuver present in health.
Most genetic diseases are examples.
Most genetic diseases are probably very complex, involving numerous genes and environmental factors.
Most genetic diseases have effects.
Most genetic diseases result from abnormal changes, or mutations, in genes.
Some genetic diseases affect glands.
Some genetic diseases affect pituitary glands.
Some genetic diseases are like that.
Some genetic diseases are sex-linked.
Some genetic diseases cause tumors.
Some genetic diseases fit the predictions of heterosis.
Some genetic diseases have deafness as one component.
Some genetic diseases have dominant inheritance, some recessive.
Some genetic diseases result from the inappropriate activation of genes.
Genetic disorder affects bone growth.
Genetic disorder affects growth.
Genetic disorder involves defects.
Genetic disorder is a disease
Genetic disorder is diseases.
Genetic disorder results in problems.
Genetic disorders are only a small portion of the causes of disease.
Genetic disorders can also be the result of extra, missing or damaged chromosomes.
Genetic disorders determined by a single gene are easiest to analyze and the most fully studied.
Genetic disorders differ greatly in the impairment they entail.
Genetic disorders Exist past our borders.
Genetic disorders suck.
Many genetic disorders are caused by in one or a few genes.
Many genetic disorders can manifest themselves differently in different individuals.
Most genetic disorder affects bone growth.
Most genetic disorder affects growth.
Most genetic disorder involves defects.
Most genetic disorders are controlled by dominant alleles.
Most genetic disorders are quite rare and affect one person in every several thousands or millions .
Most genetic disorders are quite rare and affect one person in every several thousands or millions.
Most genetic disorders are rare.
Most genetic disorders involve more than one gene.
Some genetic disorder affects connective tissue.
Some genetic disorder affects lungs.
Some genetic disorder affects mucuses.
Some genetic disorder affects partners.
Some genetic disorder affects tissue.
Some genetic disorder causes cysts.
Some genetic disorder causes large cysts.
Some genetic disorder is caused by mutation.
Some genetic disorder is caused by point mutation.
Some genetic disorder limits excretion.
Some genetic disorders are more common than others.
Some genetic disorders can cause hyperbilirubinemia in newborns.
Genetic distance is a function of recombination fraction .
Genetic distance is estimated from differences in allele frequencies found in allozyme surveys.
Genetic distance is expressed as a value between pair of populations.
Genetic distance is scaled in centiMorgans.
Genetic distance tends to cluster around two values, near zero and near one.
Genetic divergence can occur in several ways once the two groups are physically separated.
Genetic diversity accumulates over time, and mutations occur at a relatively constant rate.
Genetic diversity affects the evolutionary potencial of any species.
Genetic diversity allows species to adapt to change in the environment.
Genetic diversity can also be critical in controlling disease.
Genetic diversity decreases, however, every time a species, breed or crop variety becomes extinct.
Genetic diversity drives evolution.
Genetic diversity enhances the resistance of a seagrass ecosystem to disturbance.
Genetic diversity improves productivity.
Genetic diversity is a good quality.
Genetic diversity is a huge advantage when an organism's habitat is in a period of flux.
Genetic diversity is a major contributor to variations in human drug response.
Genetic diversity is a measure of the possible choices of different information at a gene.
Genetic diversity is a valuable resource for variable breeding objectives now and in the future.
Genetic diversity is also a constituent of agricultural systems all over the world.
Genetic diversity is also important in terms of evolution.
Genetic diversity is determined by the presence or absence of a band at a particular locus.
Genetic diversity is discussed next.
Genetic diversity is diversity within each species.
Genetic diversity is essential for a species to evolve .
Genetic diversity is essential for long-term germplasm enhancement.
Genetic diversity is important for keeping the herd healthy and adaptable.
Genetic diversity is important in maintaining a healthy population.
Genetic diversity is important to species because it creates natural variation among individuals.
Genetic diversity is omnipresent.
Genetic diversity is really a form of biodiversity.
Genetic diversity is the amount of genetic variation among the individuals in a population.
Genetic diversity is the diversity of genetic information that exists in individual organisms.
Genetic diversity is the key to our survival.
Genetic diversity is the raw material for plant breeding.
Genetic diversity is the total number of genetic characteristics in the genetic makeup of a species.
Genetic diversity is the ultimate basis for the variety of species and ecosystems.
Genetic diversity is the variation of the genetic makeup of individuals or populations of species.
Genetic diversity is the variety of genes within a species.
Genetic diversity is very important for species survival.
Genetic diversity is what gives a species a chance for long term survival.
Genetic diversity maintains the world, allowing crops to survive pests and disease.
Genetic diversity makes microevolution and adaptation to the environment possible.
Genetic diversity occurs within and between populations of species as well as between species.
Genetic diversity plays an important role in the survival and adaptability of a species.
Genetic diversity provides a natural hedge against insect and disease damage.
Genetic diversity provides best overall protection.
Genetic diversity provides protection.
Genetic diversity provides the foundation for the survival and evolution of a species.
Genetic diversity provides the raw material for adaptation to local conditions.
Genetic diversity refers to the variation of genes within species.
Genetic diversity refers to variability.
Genetic diversity refers to variation within and variation among populations of species.
Genetic diversity remains lower, only slowly increasing with time as random mutations occur.
Most genetic diversity drives evolution.
Most genetic diversity improves productivity.
Most genetic diversity provides best overall protection.
Most genetic diversity provides protection.
Most genetic diversity refers to variability.
Some genetic diversity affects ability.
Some genetic diversity analyses use markers.
Some genetic diversity has components.
Some genetic diversity provides important resources.
Some genetic diversity provides resources.
Genetic drift acts faster and has more drastic results in smaller populations.
Genetic drift affects smaller populations more than it affects larger populations.
Genetic drift becomes very important in small populations.
Genetic drift can also cause increases in alleles that lead to low fitness, just by chance.
Genetic drift can also cause population changes, especially in small populations.
Genetic drift can also result in the loss of genes from a population.
Genetic drift can be a real problem for threatened and endangered species.
Genetic drift can be important in small populations.
Genetic drift can cause big losses of genetic variation for small populations.
Genetic drift can cause further loss.
Genetic drift can lead to populations with reduced genetic variation.
Genetic drift can then lead to an accumulation of late-onset harmful genes that cause senescence.
Genetic drift causes alleles to disappear from populations thereby reducing genetic variation.
Genetic drift causes loss of favorable alleles.
Genetic drift causes random changes in allele frequencies in small populations.
Genetic drift involves random changes in allele frequency caused entirely by chance.
Genetic drift involves random changes.
Genetic drift is a cause of allelic frequency change within populations of a species.
Genetic drift is a change in allele frequencies in a population due to random events.
Genetic drift is a random change in allele frequency.
Genetic drift is a random change in the allele frequency of a population.
Genetic drift is a random process.
Genetic drift is a random walk.
Genetic drift is a very significant factor in changing gene frequencies at small Ne.
Genetic drift is another way that scientists define evolution.
Genetic drift is caused by random sampling of alleles.
Genetic drift is defined as the random sampling error of gametes .
Genetic drift is due to a phenomenon called sampling error.
Genetic drift is loss of an allele from a population.
Genetic drift is loss of variation due to a random chance event.
Genetic drift is most likely to occur in a. small populations.
Genetic drift is most likely to occur in large populations.
Genetic drift is most powerful as an evolutionary cause when operating on small populations.
Genetic drift is no longer an issue either.
Genetic drift is often almost negligible in a large population.
Genetic drift is one method by which variability occurs in populations.
Genetic drift is the change in gene frequencies due to chance.
Genetic drift is the force of evolution that is most powerful when acting on very large populations.
Genetic drift is the name given to random changes which remove variation from a population .
Genetic drift is the name given to random changes which remove variation from a population.
Genetic drift is the random change in allele frequency.
Genetic drift is the random change of allele frequency in a population.
Genetic drift is the random loss of alleles.
Genetic drift is the random process of alleles being passed from parents to offspring.
Genetic drift is the result of chance combinations of different characteristics.
Genetic drift leads to fixation of alleles or genotypes in populations.
Genetic drift leads to loss of genetic diversity more quickly in large than in small populations.
Genetic drift occurs in a population.
Genetic drift occurs in finite populations and leads to homozygosity in multiple-alleled traits.
Genetic drift occurs most rapidly in small populations.
Genetic drift occurs under two special conditions.
Genetic drift refers to changes in gene frequency that occur by chance alone.
Genetic drift refers to changes in the composistion of the gene pool due to chance.
Genetic drift tends to get rid of genetic variation.
Genetic dwarfs are a more recent horticulture introduction.
Genetic dwarfs are often deficient in gibberellin.
Genetic dynamics electrify genomes into concerted action.
Genetic effect is the effects of radiation exposure manifested in the offspring of exposed parents.
Genetic effects are essentially long term in nature since they are manifested in offspring.
Genetic effects are often conditional.
Some genetic effects are dominant, while others are recessive.
Genetic engineer utilize the same mechanisms to produce designer genes.
Genetic engineers are crazy.
Genetic engineers are geneticists.
Genetic engineers are on the case.
Genetic engineers are workers.
Genetic engineers can use bacteriophages to introduce DNA of interest to humans into bacteria.
Genetic engineers insert genes across species with little understanding of the consequences.
Genetic engineers intend to profit by patenting genetically engineered seeds.
Some genetic engineers believe that a future genetocracy is all but inevitable.
Some genetic engineers enable researchers.
Some genetic engineers have capability.
Some genetic engineers produce individuals.
Some genetic engineers produce unique individuals.
Genetic engineering allows early detection and treatment of disease in food crops and animals.
Genetic engineering allows for the creation of human capabilities and alterations of individuals.
Genetic engineering allows scientists to find the genes which produce antigens.
Genetic engineering are biotechnology.
Genetic engineering breathes all new life to the idea of the ultimate society.
Genetic engineering brings an unprecedented level of corporate control over nature.
Genetic engineering can also introduce known and unknown allergens into common foods.
Genetic engineering can also introduce toxins unintentionally.
Genetic engineering can apply to any kind of living organism from microorganisms to humans.
Genetic engineering can have large impact on the toxins, allergens and nutrients in foods.
Genetic engineering can introduce unknown allergens into food.
Genetic engineering can involve moving genes both within or between species.
Genetic engineering can make food last longer, taste better and have a better nutritional content.
Genetic engineering can make ordinary, familiar foods become toxic.
Genetic engineering can produce a redder tomato, a taller giraffe, or a cow that gives more milk.
Genetic engineering can produce crops that are more resistant to disease or that taste better.
Genetic engineering can produce unforeseen and unknown allergens and toxins in foods.
Genetic engineering can provide more nutritious and higher-yielding crops.
Genetic engineering carries the seeds to the destruction of America's small farms.
Genetic engineering combines genes from completely different species.
Genetic engineering creates impertinence towards life itself.
Genetic engineering creates new allergens in food.
Genetic engineering creates some serious potential environmental and health problems.
Genetic engineering depends upon the ability to identify and manipulate specific genes.
Genetic engineering disobeys the most basic rules of nature.
Genetic engineering enables some plants to produce their own pesticides.
Genetic engineering enables the bioweapons makers to design even more destructive agents.
Genetic engineering enables the introduction of new proteins into food.
Genetic engineering entails eliminating or introducing specific genes into the nucleus.
Genetic engineering extends the available pool of genes and speeds up the process.
Genetic engineering extends the plant breeding techniques used during the past century.
Genetic engineering gives multinationals more power over food, crops, seed collecting and farmers.
Genetic engineering has a lot to offer.
Genetic engineering has close parallels with the nuclear industry.
Genetic engineering has many consequences.
Genetic engineering has many practical applications in medicine and agriculture.
Genetic engineering has nothing to do with evolution.
Genetic engineering has serious ecological risks.
Genetic engineering has the potential to create better and more food for everyone.
Genetic engineering has the potential to make ordinary, familiar foods become toxic.
Genetic engineering has the potential to revolutionalize medicine and agriculture.
Genetic engineering has the potential to wrong or harm a person, perhaps even more than to benefit.
Genetic engineering has the very real potential to change what it means to be a human being.
Genetic engineering ignores all such natural boundaries.
Genetic engineering includes genetic rearrangement within an organism.
Genetic engineering increases the variety of DNA which is available for bacteria to transfer.
Genetic engineering involves actually inserting DNA from other species into the DNA of a crop plant.
Genetic engineering involves changing the genetic makeup of an organism.
Genetic engineering involves manipulating the genes of a plant.
Genetic engineering involves risk too.
Genetic engineering involves splicing a gene from one organism into a plant or animal.
Genetic engineering involves splicing a single gene from one organism to another.
Genetic engineering involves the transfer of genes from one organism to another.
Genetic engineering is a by-product of the relatively young science of genetics.
Genetic engineering is a different process, but the end result is still enforcing human control.
Genetic engineering is a dirty business with long-term horrendous consequences.
Genetic engineering is a fact of life.
Genetic engineering is a far more advanced form of crop modification technique.
Genetic engineering is a form of biotechnology.
Genetic engineering is a long way from that.
Genetic engineering is a lot more like kicking a dog than kicking a football.
Genetic engineering is a new biotechnology.
Genetic engineering is a new departure from conventional techniques and introduces new hazards.
Genetic engineering is a novel, untried, and very inexact science.
Genetic engineering is a potentially dangerous technology.
Genetic engineering is a powerful technology and therein lies both the promise and the angst.
Genetic engineering is a powerful technology.
Genetic engineering is a powerful tool in potato breeding.
Genetic engineering is a preoccupation with destruction, allowing life forms to be defined by death.
Genetic engineering is a procedure for isolating, manipulating, and expressing genetic material.
Genetic engineering is a process in which scientists splice one organism's genes into another.
Genetic engineering is a revolutionary new technology.
Genetic engineering is a technique for transferring a single gene from one organism to another.
Genetic engineering is a technology developed largely with public tax funds.
Genetic engineering is a technology driven by commercial interest.
Genetic engineering is a technology with amazing possibilities for the field of medicine.
Genetic engineering is a very complex process that science is only now beginning to grasp.
Genetic engineering is a way of altering the information storage and delivery of complex systems.
Genetic engineering is a young, and in many ways poorly understood, technology.
Genetic engineering is about as far away from natural selection as it is possible to be.
Genetic engineering is advocated by some as a viable means of increasing food supplies.
Genetic engineering is also now a reality.
Genetic engineering is also permissible.
Genetic engineering is also unethical because it produces social inequity.
Genetic engineering is an emotive subject.
Genetic engineering is an experiment with our environment and with our health.
Genetic engineering is an imprecise technology.
Genetic engineering is an unknown quantity as far as public perceptions are concerned.
Genetic engineering is an unnecessary and unpredictable experiment with the safety of our food.
Genetic engineering is another example.
Genetic engineering is another of science fiction's favorite solutions to pretty much all problems.
Genetic engineering is another way to protect corn crops from damage by the European corn borer.
Genetic engineering is another.
Genetic engineering is at present limited to transferring only one or a few genes.
Genetic engineering is by no means limited to animals.
Genetic engineering is clearly a choice about a child, and the child's future.
Genetic engineering is dangerous technology.
Genetic engineering is designed for intensive farming, and means big business.
Genetic engineering is destructive to sustainable agriculture and food production.
Genetic engineering is environmentally friendly.
Genetic engineering is forbidden in organic systems.
Genetic engineering is genetic surgery.
Genetic engineering is good for the economy, they say.
Genetic engineering is here to stay.
Genetic engineering is in place.
Genetic engineering is in the media, in the movies and in some of our worst nightmares.
Genetic engineering is incomparably the most profound manipulation of nature ever done.
Genetic engineering is intended to combine the commercially desirable tendencies of both fish.
Genetic engineering is just a variety of breeding.
Genetic engineering is just another form of reprogramming.
Genetic engineering is largely untested.
Genetic engineering is like performing heart surgery with a shovel.
Genetic engineering is more permanent than a pill or a summer-school class.
Genetic engineering is necessary to feed the world.
Genetic engineering is now a routine research tool with model organisms .
Genetic engineering is one area being researched as an alternative method of pest control.
Genetic engineering is one of the main branches of biotechnology.
Genetic engineering is one specific technique within the science of biotechnology.
Genetic engineering is only possible because all species share a very early prehistory.
Genetic engineering is only the most recent incarnation of corporate control over agriculture.
Genetic engineering is part of a different view of the future of farming from what organics is.
Genetic engineering is part of a failed farm policy which is driving farmers off the land.
Genetic engineering is part of that process.
Genetic engineering is perhaps the best-documented technology ever to emerge from a laboratory.
Genetic engineering is quite advanced, and commonly practiced.
Genetic engineering is rather a hit and miss technique.
Genetic engineering is restricted by various national and international laws at the moment.
Genetic engineering is safe and highly productive.
Genetic engineering is safe.
Genetic engineering is set to make it worse.
Genetic engineering is simply an extension of breeding which is quicker and more precise.
Genetic engineering is simply an extension of traditional crossbreeding.
Genetic engineering is supposed to replace pesticides, end disease, and also feed the world.
Genetic engineering is the deliberate transfer of single genes between organisms.
Genetic engineering is the final adaptation of life to machine.
Genetic engineering is the isolation, configuration, and asexual transfer of genes.
Genetic engineering is the largest food experiment in the history of the world.
Genetic engineering is the manipulation and the privatisation of life itself.
Genetic engineering is the manipulation of genetic information to produce a desirable end result.
Genetic engineering is the modification of an organism's genome through biotechnology .
Genetic engineering is the next step in battling organ rejection.
Genetic engineering is the process of changing the blueprints.
Genetic engineering is the process of modifying cell information.
Genetic engineering is the process of transferring genes between species.
Genetic engineering is the science of modification of genes in cells.
Genetic engineering is the tool for making a valuable original.
Genetic engineering is the way forward.
Genetic engineering is therefore extremely rapid compared to selective breeding.
Genetic engineering is unnatural, but so is farming.
Genetic engineering is unnecessary, unsafe and unwanted.
Genetic engineering is used to express therapeutic genes in immature brain cells.
Genetic engineering is used to introduce genes for specific traits into targeted organisms.
Genetic engineering is used to synthesize human insulin.
Genetic engineering is very different, very powerful and worth a great deal of caution.
Genetic engineering is very inexpensive.
Genetic engineering is wonderful and powerful.
Genetic engineering makes no difference in the overall picture.
Genetic engineering makes the whole digital revolution look nothing.
Genetic engineering means taking one organism's gene and placing it into another organism.
Genetic engineering offers many other possibilities.
Genetic engineering offers new possibilities to obtain insect-resistant plants.
Genetic engineering offers other possibil ities.
Genetic engineering offers ways to refine both applications.
Genetic engineering opens the way to all sorts of horrific new weapons.
Genetic engineering opens up new horizons in plant protection research.
Genetic engineering opens up the possibility of humans taking control of life, itself.
Genetic engineering poses a risk to human health, agriculture and the environment.
Genetic engineering poses an even greater threat to health.
Genetic engineering poses serious risks to human health and to the environment.
Genetic engineering poses serious risks to human health.
Genetic engineering poses the greatest danger of any technology yet introduced.
Genetic engineering poses the most fundamental of questions.
Genetic engineering promises a wider diversity of better tasting, more nutritional foods.
Genetic engineering promises great advancements for controlling certain environmental processes.
Genetic engineering promises to speed the process and broaden the scope of what can be done.
Genetic engineering provides the facilities for the gene transfer in plants.
Genetic engineering raises complex and difficult issues.
Genetic engineering raises legal, medical, ethical, and religious issues.
Genetic engineering raises the question of the place of suffering in our world.
Genetic engineering represents an intervention with unprecedented depth and power.
Genetic engineering represents the ultimate tool.
Genetic engineering seeks to better the body.
Genetic engineering threatens the very fabric of life.
Genetic engineering ups the ante even further.
Genetic engineering uses material from organisms that have never been part of the human food supply.
Genetic engineering uses monoclonal antibodies to create new proteins, and develop new vaccines.
Genetic engineering uses vectors to transfer genes between species.
Much genetic engineering is aimed at getting farm animals to grow bigger and more rapidly.
Genetic enhancement is just an extension of that impulse.
Genetic enhancement raises a host of ethical, legal and social questions.
Genetic equilibrium is always true if five specific conditions are met.
Genetic equilibrium signifies a stop in the evolutionary process, or stasis.
Genetic erosion is more than just the loss of genes.
Genetic erosion is reported in centers of origin, including Chile and Bolivia.
Genetic erosion is reported in China, Philippines.
Genetic erosion reduces the material available for use in plant improvement.
Genetic erosion threatens native Amazonian vegetable crops.
Genetic evaluation is a more accurate method to rank dogs for selection.
Genetic evidence indicates that sog functions to antagonize dpp activity.
Genetic evidence shows common patterns.
Genetic evidence shows differences.
Genetic evidence shows patterns.
Genetic evidence shows that variation among individual humans is very small.
Genetic evidence suggests ancestors.
Genetic evidence suggests that homosporous ferns with high chromosome numbers are diploid.
Genetic evidence suggests that the origins of the vertebrate ear date to the early chordates.
Genetic evidence supports evolutionary scenarios.
Genetic evidence supports scenarios.
Genetic evidence supports status.
Most genetic evidence shows common patterns.
Most genetic evidence shows differences.
Most genetic evidence shows patterns.
Most genetic evidence suggests ancestors.
Most genetic evidence supports evolutionary scenarios.
Most genetic evidence supports scenarios.
Most genetic evidence supports status.
Some genetic evidence indicates members.
Some genetic evidence indicates years.
Some genetic evidence shows ancestors.
Some genetic evidence shows common ancestors.
Some genetic evidence shows recent common ancestors.
Some genetic evidence suggests numerous occasions.
Some genetic evidence suggests occasions.
Some genetic evidence suggests replication.
Some genetic evidence suggests years.
Some genetic evidence supports homology.
Genetic evolution acts on a times scale much larger than cultural evolution.
Genetic evolution driven by convergence time indeed produces a wide variety of complex rules.
Genetic evolution involves natural selections.
Genetic evolution involves selections.
Genetic evolution is a slow process, much outstripped by cultural evolution.
Genetic evolution is changes in the genetic makeup of a species.
Genetic evolution is neither random nor blind.
Genetic evolution presupposes the capability for reproduction.
Most genetic evolution involves natural selections.
Most genetic evolution involves selections.
Genetic exchange occurs between cultivated forms and wild populations.
Genetic experiments frighten many people.
Genetic explanations are thought to be ad-hoc.
Genetic factors affect distribution.
Genetic factors affect the succeptibility of an individual to skin cancer and other health effects.
Genetic factors appear to be important.
Genetic factors appear to determine the development of particular phenotypic features.
Genetic factors appear to explain the paler green plants.
Genetic factors appear to play a major role in essential hypertension.
Genetic factors appear to play an important role in many cases.
Genetic factors are also a possibility.
Genetic factors are also important.
Genetic factors are clearly important.
Genetic factors are important - borderline tends to run in families.
Genetic factors are more commonly present in primary generalized epilepsy than in partial epilepsy.
Genetic factors are obviously important.
Genetic factors are of importance.
Genetic factors are probably to blame.
Genetic factors are responsible for only a small percentage of cases.
Genetic factors are responsible for the disease in a small number of families.
Genetic factors are significant because they effect the development of peak bone density.
Genetic factors are the major determinants of allergies.
Genetic factors can also play a role.
Genetic factors cause differences.
Genetic factors come into play as well.
Genetic factors contribute both to personality and to environmental exposures.
Genetic factors contribute to a broad spectrum of neurological and neurobehavioral diseases.
Genetic factors contribute to behavioral responses in both humans and rodents.
Genetic factors do play a part in many cases, as do environmental factors like drugs.
Genetic factors exert a modest influence on disease expression.
Genetic factors help regulate the level of homocysteine in the blood.
Genetic factors increase the tendency of developing autoimmune diseases.
Genetic factors influence animals.
Genetic factors influence blood pressure responses.
Genetic factors influence growth.
Genetic factors influence health.
Genetic factors influence individual flight zone sizes between animals of the same species or breed.
Genetic factors influence physiological measures of handling stress.
Genetic factors influence responses.
Genetic factors influence the degree of neoteny in individuals.
Genetic factors make a significant contribution to the variation of obesity and hypertension.
Genetic factors operate through single genes or multiple genes.
Genetic factors play a major role in the development of alcoholism.
Genetic factors play a part in prostate, colorectal and breast cancer.
Genetic factors play a part, probably by increasing the risk of an imbalance in brain chemistry.
Genetic factors play a part.
Genetic factors play a role in a small number of glaucoma cases.
Genetic factors play a role in both gastric and duodenal ulcer.
Genetic factors play a role in most diseases.
Genetic factors play a role.
Genetic factors predispose some individuals to chronic depression.
Genetic factors render some people especially vulnerable to alcohol dependence.
Genetic factors underlie all aspects of health and disease.
Most genetic factors affect distribution.
Most genetic factors cause differences.
Most genetic factors influence blood pressure responses.
Some genetic factors affect absorption.
Some genetic factors affect cholesterol absorption.
Some genetic factors affect color.
Some genetic factors affect hair color.
Some genetic factors associate with atherosclerosis.
Some genetic factors associate with early atherosclerosis.
Some genetic factors contribute to characteristics.
Some genetic factors control color.
Some genetic factors control hair color.
Some genetic factors control variation.
Some genetic factors help medical researchers.
Some genetic factors help researchers.
Some genetic factors influence characteristics.
Some genetic factors place an individual at greater risk for high blood pressure.
A genetic fingerprint is identity verification
Genetic fingerprints are available for the almond cultivars grown in Australia.
Genetic fingerprints can uniquely differentiate one cell type from other cell types.
Genetic flaw causes double trouble.
Genetic frequencies refer to organic life patterns.
Genetic gains are eternal and cumulative.
Genetic health is of paramount importance.
Genetic hemochromatosis is a likely diagnosis.
Genetic hemochromatosis is uncommonly symptomatic before middle age.
Genetic heterogeneity characterizes many genetic disorders.
Genetic homogeneity is a myth anywhere on the planet earth.
Genetic homozygosity is associated with increased telomere length in mammalian cells.
Genetic homozygosity leaves no variation for natural selection to act on.
Some genetic identification is accomplished through the use of DNA probes.
Genetic identity is the key concept, regardless of the level of variation of natural populations .
Genetic immunization is a simple method for eliciting an immune response.
Genetic impairment is like losing a part of the overall instruction manual for the entire system.
Genetic improvement is a long term proposition.
Genetic improvement is seen as the only practical route to increased production.
Genetic improvement takes time.
Some genetic improvement has impact.
Genetic inferiority is a favorite field of knowledge.
Genetic influences play a major role in the development of glaucoma.
Most genetic influences take the form of abilities.
Genetic info is transferred from one xl to another with both cells being alive.
Genetic information allows development.
Genetic information can affect different people in many ways.
Genetic information can be a great benefit to the individual persons.
Genetic information comes from only one parent, and all offspring are virtually identical.
Genetic information comes from parents.
Genetic information directs the synthesis of proteins.
Genetic information has considerable commercial potential .
Genetic information has important personal and social implications.
Genetic information has potential values.
Genetic information has values.
Genetic information is a bit like sheet music.
Genetic information is copied and transmitted from generation to generation.
Genetic information is different from other medical records for many reasons.
Genetic information is encoded in the sequence of the bases along a DNA molecule.
Genetic information is encoded within the sequence of bases.
Genetic information is information about inherited characteristics.
Genetic information is information.
Genetic information is organized into chromosomes in the nucleus, or control center, of the cell.
Genetic information is powerful and personal.
Genetic information is read only.
Genetic information is shared information.
Genetic information is stored in a linear message on nucleic acids.
Genetic information is stored through the specific order of the nucleotides.
Genetic information is the end product of genetic testing.
Genetic information is theoretically identical in each cell.
Genetic information is unique.
Genetic information is used to detect the impact of human activities on the environment.
Genetic information provides additional characters with which to distinguish taxa.
Genetic information provides insight.
Genetic information raises some difficult issues of confidentiality.
Genetic information works in the same way.
ALL genetic information points to the out of Africa theory, or at best a centralized grouping.
Most genetic information allows development.
Most genetic information comes from parents.
Most genetic information has potential values.
Most genetic information has values.
Most genetic information provides insight.
Genetic inheritance does play a role.
Genetic inheritance does play a significant role.
Genetic inheritance follows rules.
Genetic inheritance is a replication process and as such it involves coding mechanisms.
Genetic instability is a hallmark of cancer.
Genetic instability occurs in the majority of young patients with colorectal cancer.
Genetic instability refers to the ease with which malignant cells can develop additional mutations.
Genetic investigations are also underway and preliminary results are as follows.
Genetic investigations focus on disease resistance and ideotype traits.
Some genetic irregularities can produce either fully black or fully yellow mice.
Genetic isolation enhances speciation processes.
Genetic issues tend to show up very young and are difficult to treat with behavior modification.
Some genetic kin receives benefits.
Some genetic kin receives reciprocal benefits.
Genetic laboratories have bad security.
Genetic laws apply equally to man and beast.
Genetic lines are managed to ensure none is over-represented.
Genetic linkage is different from sex linkage.
Genetic linkage is the first important step towards identifying a gene.
Genetic linkage occurs when alleles on one chromosome tends to be inherited together.
Genetic linkage occurs when the loci of two alleles are in close proximity on a chromosome.
Genetic load measures the average individual deviation from the optimal phenotype.
Some genetic machinery produces certain phases.
Some genetic machinery produces phases.
Genetic makeup can also affect a person's risk of colon cancer.
Genetic makeup can boost aspirin s benefit.
Genetic makeup determines the way the body handles cholesterol and other fats.
Genetic makeup has a large role in determining human behavior.
Genetic makeup is only one part of what gives a person individuality.
Genetic management uses tolerance or resistance of plant varieties to certain pests.
Genetic manipulation can only increase the maximum capacity for the human lifespan.
Genetic manipulation can spare a person the pain and suffering from an inherited disease.
Genetic manipulation is of two kinds.
Genetic manipulation is the reordering of the basic building blocks of life.
Most genetic manipulations are within or between plant species.
A genetic map is an organization
Genetic map See linkage map.
Genetic map shows relative position of genes.
Genetic maps are arrangements.
Genetic maps are like world maps showing landmarks without specific countries.
Genetic maps can show evolutionary relationships.
Genetic maps exist which possess valuable genetic information.
Genetic maps help scientists navigate through the collection of genes found in corn.
Some genetic maps show evolution.
Genetic mapping divides the chromosomes in two bands.
Genetic mapping is required to confirm chromosomal assignments.
Genetic mapping is, in short, to find the approximate locations and order of genes in genome.
Genetic mapping shows the species found in Hawaiian waters is of a single genetic stock.
A genetic marker is a factor
Genetic markers act like signposts across the chromosome.
Genetic markers are DNA base sequences linked to a disease-causing gene.
Genetic markers are genes.
Genetic markers are invaluable for genome mapping.
Genetic markers are like signposts that help researchers find their way around the DNA landscape.
Genetic markers are signposts on chromosomes that are created by links between genes.
Genetic markers are specific locations on the chromosome where there is known variability.
Genetic markers are useful mapping the location of genes and for doing linkage.
Genetic markers contained in the stain help identify the perpetrator.
Genetic markers deteriorate with time, and become contaminated by the DNA of other species.
Genetic markers provide means to examine evolution of breast cancers from precursor lesions.
Some genetic markers indicate increased susceptibility to xenobiotics.
Some genetic matches fail to produce significant gains, while others produce amazing results.
Genetic material can link a defendant to a crime.
Genetic material influences the ability to adapt.
Genetic material inserted into plants can transfer to animals and humans in the intestinal wall.
Genetic material is bought and sold.
Genetic material is contained on chromosomes.
Genetic material is handed down through the sexual act.
Genetic material is introduced into the host cells chromosomes.
Genetic material is made available to breeders and research institutes all over the world.
Genetic material is randomly mixed during fertilisation.
Genetic material is won when enemy creatures are defeated.
Genetic material See genome.
Genetic materials are an increasing force in today's international livestock commerce.
Some genetic material is saved as seed or as tissue culture plants.
Some genetic materials provide benefits.
Genetic mechanisms are the underlying foundation for evolutionary change.
Genetic mechanisms contribute to evolution.
Most genetic mechanisms contribute to evolution.
Some genetic mechanisms lead to evolution.
Genetic memory is inherited.
Genetic memory is small and can only store so much information.
Genetic memory is stored in the cells.
Genetic methods complement cultural methods, and both are influenced by environmental effects.
Genetic methods reveal six tumors.
Genetic models incorporating resampling and migration are now fairly well-understood.
All genetic models depend to some extent on quantities which can only be estimated.
Genetic modification can be as safe as traditional breeding.
Genetic modification can produce more efficient plants, which can help to eliminate world hunger.
Genetic modification can produce plants that are disease and pest resistant.
Genetic modification involves direct modification of DNA, a living thing's genetic material.
Genetic modification is a general term that can cover many processes.
Genetic modification is a new and unnatural process.
Genetic modification is a tool, like a hammer or a wrench.
Genetic modification is a way of adding genes to give the choicest traits to an animal or plant.
Genetic modification is much faster than conventional breeding.
Genetic modification is much more precise than selective breeding.
Genetic modification is nothing new.
Genetic modification means altering the genetic make-up of any living thing.
Genetic modifications are the results of adding one or more particular genes to an animal's genome.
Genetic modifications can add nutrition.
All genetic modifications serve to improve the shape, color and traits of the organism.
Most genetic modifications make it easier to grow the crop.
Some genetic modification increases quality.
Genetic multiplicity is reduced in juvenile populations under field stress.
Genetic mutation affects gamete quality.
Genetic mutation affects quality.
Genetic mutation alters phenotypes.
Genetic mutation causes absence.
Genetic mutation helps protect newborns.
Genetic mutation is an occurrence
Genetic mutation is change in the sequence of a DNA molecule.
Genetic mutation is the basis of species diversity among beetles, or any other organism.
Genetic mutation leads to genetic diversification, and hence to phenotypic diversity.
Genetic mutations are a kind of genetic polymorphism .
Genetic mutations are a kind of genetic polymorphism.
Genetic mutations are changes in the DNA code of organisms.
Genetic mutations can occur which can produce infertility.
Genetic mutations change the primary DNA sequence , and mutations can happen in any cell .
Genetic mutations change the primary DNA sequence, and mutations can happen in any cell.
Many genetic mutations affect development and lead to birth defects and long term disability.
Most genetic mutation affects gamete quality.
Most genetic mutation affects quality.
Most genetic mutation causes absence.
Some genetic mutation affects excretion.
Some genetic mutation affects sodium excretion.
Some genetic mutation leads to death.
Some genetic mutation leads to development.
Some genetic mutation leads to growth.
Some genetic mutation leads to speciation.
Some genetic mutation plays major roles.
Some genetic mutation plays roles.
Some genetic mutations cause drug resistance to just one drug.
Genetic networks have many attributes commonly associated with computing.
Genetic offspring are possible through use of a gestational carrier.
Genetic outcomes are difficult to anticipate.
Genetic Parents intend to be at the hospital and to be present during the delivery.
Genetic parentage analyses in species with large clutches.
Some genetic pathways regulate development.
Genetic patterns suggest that some people are more susceptible to migraine than others.
Some genetic pedigree shows disorder.
Genetic pollution affects non-organic farmers as well.
Genetic pollution is considerably more dangerous than oil spills.
Genetic pollution is irreversible.
Genetic pollution is one such cost.
Genetic polymorphism refers to genes that have more variation than can be explained by mutation.
Genetic potential is achievable, and minerals along with a safe and sane diet are the key.
Genetic predisposition is only one of many factors that contribute to disease.
Genetic predisposition seems to be the strongest factor.
Genetic predispositions interact with other risk factors.
Some genetic predispositions are more common in particular ethnic groups.
Some genetic principles apply to humans.
Genetic privacy is the issue of who controls information on a person's genetic makeup.
Genetic privacy is therefore an essential part of using genetic knowledge for health promotion.
Genetic privacy seems to be by far the most serious problem.
Genetic problems arise on a colony world.
Genetic problems pose nearly insurmountable odds of recovery.
Genetic problems tend to accumulate in isolated populations such as in a quarantine country.
Some genetic problems are caused by a single gene that is present but altered in some way.
Genetic processes are often hard to visualize.
Genetic programming are computer programming.
Genetic programming can help artists to create many pictures .
Genetic programming finds the symbolic functions that are to be applied to the inputs.
Genetic programming is applied to the appearance of an image creating variations of the original.
Genetic programming is such a technique.
Genetic programming uses the principles of evolution to evolve 'intelligent' programs.
Genetic progress depends on selection intensity and accuracy of breeding values.
Genetic progress is found as the change in mean estimated breeding value over time.
Genetic progress is made by using the resulting EPDs and indexes when making selection decisions.
A genetic psychology is a psychology
Genetic psychology emphasizes inherited characteristics.
Genetic purity is established under strict guidelines and isolation techniques.
Genetic purity is well hidden beneath a uniform size and colour.
Genetic radiotherapy overcomes tumor resistance to cytotoxic agents.
Genetic recombination allows an organism's offspring to be genetically diverse.
Genetic recombination can produce products with unforeseen consequences and unexpected toxicity.
Genetic recombination involves both gene exchange on a chromosome and re-assortment of chromosomes.
Genetic recombination is a key feature in the evolution of life.
Genetic recombination is a major source of variation for evolutionary selection.
Genetic recombination is a major source of variation.
Genetic recombination is a significant concern in such experiments.
Genetic recombination is both an advantage and a disadvantage to a sexually reproducing species.
Genetic recombination is catalyzed by many different enzymes .
Genetic recombination is counter-productive if conditions are stable.
Genetic recombination is known to take place between the different nuclei.
Genetic recombination occurs during crossingover and independent assortment.
Genetic recombination occurs in meiosis by independent assortment and crossing-over.
Genetic recombination occurs through independent assortment and crossing over.
Genetic recombination occurs when two DNA molecules mix to form a new DNA molecule.
Genetic recombination provides essential diversity of antibodies and T-cell receptors.
Genetic reductionism distills everything to one cause and one possible outcome.
Genetic registers can be the starting point for genetic testing.
Genetic relatedness is a central concept in the study of social evolution.
Genetic replication is bound by the economics of finite resources.
Genetic research creates information at an exponential rate.
Genetic research divides people.
Genetic research has countless applications in agriculture as well as medicine and other fields.
Genetic research has the potential to help all.
Genetic research indicates that heredity plays a role in the disorder.
Genetic research is a controversial issue that is becoming increasingly topical.
Genetic research is a great gift to human kind.
Genetic research is a large part of the future of science and biomedicine.
Genetic research is a powerful tool for treating medical conditions, but it is still a new tool.
Genetic research is an example.
Genetic research is another area where thermophiles are used.
Genetic research is controversial.
Genetic research is extremely fast moving so time is critical.
Genetic research is further extension for the human mind to understand our own beings.
Genetic research is one of the fastest growing areas of medicine in the nineties.
Genetic research raises a complex range of legal, ethical and social issues for Indigenous peoples.
Genetic research shows that many diseases have their origin in tiny imperfections in genetic coding.
Genetic research shows that schizophrenia is based on a genetic predisposition for the disease.
Genetic research suggests there are also some right whales that have never been photographed.
Genetic researchers announce big step in sequencing smallest chromosome .
Genetic researchers do the same thing.
Most genetic researchers agree.
Genetic resistance is a reliable control measure.
Genetic resistance is available in some commercial alfalfa varieties.
Genetic resistance is likely to eventually be incorporated into commercial bell pepper varieties.
Genetic resistance is probably the most effective and economical method of control.
Genetic resistance is the best protection.
Genetic resistance is the best way to avoid seedling diseases or any other alfalfa disease.
Genetic resistance is the most commonly used and the most effective means to control stem rust.
Genetic resources are the result of a millenia of evolution and belong to all of humanity.
Genetic resources have values.
Most genetic resources have values.
Some genetic resources are imperative for agricultural production.
A genetic science is biology
Genetic science holds the keys to life itself.
Genetic science is still relatively young and many unknowns still exist.
Genetic science is well-funded and there are new genetic discoveries every day.
Genetic science provides both promise and danger to the world.
Genetic scientists find gray whale meat labeled as minke whale in Japanese shops.
Genetic segregation can be less complex in polyhaploids.
Genetic selection gives girl a brother and a second chance .
Genetic selection is done in large populations for each line.
Genetic selfishness is a good argument in favour of the welfare state.
Genetic sequence analyses indicate homology.
Some genetic services are routinely covered benefits.
Genetic shift is believed to be the mechanism by which major pandemics and epidemics arise.
Genetic solutions are the primary control strategy for plum pox if eradication attempts fail.
Genetic specialists analyze the tissue.
Genetic spread is assessed as limited to cross-pollination with other potatoes.
Genetic status is unknown, but of interest, for a sample of individuals.
Genetic strains have little value.
Genetic strengths do run in families as well as weaknesses.
Genetic structure has implications for conservation.
Genetic structures seem to operate in a fiercely competitive milieu, or one of limited symbiosis.
Genetic structures undergo horrible mutations.
Genetic studies are also underway.
Genetic studies are pending but it is probabale that they have mitochondrial encephalomyopathy.
Genetic studies collide with the mystery of human evolution.
Genetic studies depend on successfully mating animals and producing offspring.
Genetic studies evaluate breeding lines that are low in sucker growth potential.
Genetic studies indicate a higher incidence of autism among siblings and twins.
Genetic studies indicate that the current population has descended from as few as three females.
Genetic studies indicate that tolerance is incompletely dominant over sensitivity.
Genetic studies involve drawing a blood sample.
Genetic studies point into the direction of a one-gene aberration.
Genetic studies remain controversial.
Genetic studies show that chimpanzees and humans share a common ancestor.
Genetic studies show that pangolin acts to transduce the wingless signal.
Genetic studies show that there is more variability in the gene pool in Africa, than outside.
Genetic studies suggest just that.
Genetic study indicates the chances of a tri-color gene expressed in male cats are very small.
Most genetic studies depend on visual documentation of phenotypes.
Genetic substitution is entirely different from therapeutic substitution.
Genetic surveys establish the genetic diversity of populations.
Genetic susceptibility combines with environmental input to produce disease.
Genetic susceptibility is a prerequisite for the development of the disease.
Genetic susceptibility seems to be one of the major causes of asthma.
Most genetic syndromes affect all the cells in the body.
Genetic techniques permit the dissection of biological complexity.
Genetic technologies affect civil liberties, as the following examples demonstrate.
Genetic technologies aim to make a living thing perform a specific useful task.
Genetic technologies are increasingly relevant to both the diagnosis and therapy of human disease.
Genetic technologies are truly the most revolutionary of the technologies that are coming along.
Genetic technologies have a bright future in agriculture as well as in medicine.
Genetic technologies have huge potential to transform, and improve many aspects of our lives.
Genetic technologies offer strategies to prevent and fight disease.
Genetic technologies promise to transform the overall economics of developing and selling drugs.
Genetic technology affects public policy on a global scale.
Genetic technology alters the genetic properties of organisms to achieve certain outcomes.
Genetic technology enables scientists to engineer safer and more powerful medicines.
Genetic technology harbors the potential to change the human species forever.
Genetic technology is irrepressible.
Genetic tendencies combined with the onset of allergies cause most cases of actual asthma.
Genetic tendency is of little benefit in a poorly managed herd.
Genetic tests allow for faster and more accurate diagnosis.
Genetic tests are big business and are largely unregulated.
Genetic tests are blood tests that can show mistakes in the body's genes.
Genetic tests are extremely reliable.
Genetic tests are just more uncertain than most.
Genetic tests are labor intensive.
Genetic tests are only ''crudely predictive'' of a propensity to certain diseases.
Genetic tests are reliable and safe.
Genetic tests are very personal.
Genetic tests can have results.
Genetic tests can have several possible results.
Genetic tests can help detect disorders.
Genetic tests can provide people valuable information that can prevent the onset of illness.
Genetic tests can reveal at-risk populations forspecific .
Genetic tests confirm diagnoses.
Genetic tests have many intended uses.
Genetic tests indicate characters.
Genetic tests indicate that the mutation functions in cis.
Genetic tests involve analyses.
Genetic tests look for specific gene alterations that are associated with disease.
Genetic tests pass through three stages.
Genetic tests prove beyond doubt that Dolly is indeed a clone of an adult.
Genetic tests result from human genetics research.
Genetic tests reveal answers.
Genetic tests reveal deficiencies.
Genetic tests reveal information.
Genetic tests reveal two subpopulations of turtles in that part of the Atlantic.
Genetic tests support observations.
Most genetic tests can have results.
Most genetic tests can have several possible results.
Most genetic tests confirm diagnoses.
Most genetic tests indicate characters.
Most genetic tests involve analyses.
Most genetic tests require special examinations by qualified veterinarians.
Most genetic tests reveal answers.
Most genetic tests reveal deficiencies.
Most genetic tests reveal information.
Most genetic tests support observations.
Some genetic tests focus on tests.
Some genetic tests help diseases.
Some genetic tests help family members.
Some genetic tests help members.
Some genetic tests show defects.
Some genetic tests show different genetic defects.
Some genetic tests show genetic defects.
Genetic testing becomes more controversial when the health defect is more severe.
Genetic testing can affect relationships with family members.
Genetic testing can alert people to any predisposition to inherited diseases.
Genetic testing can also help to determine carrier status.
Genetic testing can also lead to better risk management and more informed decisions.
Genetic testing can assist sound decision-making in a range of situations.
Genetic testing can assist sound decision-making in a wide range of situations.
Genetic testing can be as positive as it is negative.
Genetic testing can confirm the presence of an inherited condition .
Genetic testing can confirm the presence of an inherited condition.
Genetic testing can help ease fears that older women experience when they become pregnant.
Genetic testing can lead to discrimination.
Genetic testing can now determine if cattle carry genes for growing horns.
Genetic testing can often make the diagnosis at birth.
Genetic testing can provide that for some families.
Genetic testing can seriously strain family relations.
Genetic testing can show whether a parent or child is a carrier of the mutated gene.
Genetic testing can show whether the parents and extended family have the faulty gene.
Genetic testing can sometimes raise more uncertainty about the future than provide answers.
Genetic testing can tell parents a lot about their unborn children, especially health defects.
Genetic testing can then be either automatic FISH dot-counting or visual analysis.
Genetic testing contains paradoxes of it's own.
Genetic testing does occur in a range of different areas.
Genetic testing ensures that a dog is pure-bred.
Genetic testing has another important use besides screening for disorders and traits.
Genetic testing involves potential risks as well as benefits.
Genetic testing is a broad and complex field.
Genetic testing is a crucial element in resolving contested paternity cases.
Genetic testing is a double-edged sword.
Genetic testing is a powerful tool that can be used for good or for bad.
Genetic testing is a powerful tool that can be used for many prurposes.
Genetic testing is a quick and painless way to establish paternity.
Genetic testing is a reality.
Genetic testing is able to identify individuals who are genetically predisposed to certain diseases.
Genetic testing is an accurate way to predict disease.
Genetic testing is an extremely complex laboratory process.
Genetic testing is an invasion of privacy.
Genetic testing is an issue that brings many ethical and moral questions to light.
Genetic testing is available and ten per cent of all diagnoses are now juvenile.
Genetic testing is available for many different types of inherited hearing loss.
Genetic testing is available for many X-linked disorders.
Genetic testing is available for only a fraction of the many genetic conditions in existence.
Genetic testing is available for symptomatic individuals and asymptomatic relatives.
Genetic testing is available to detect mutations in members of high-risk families.
Genetic testing is available.
Genetic testing is crucial to avoid development of breed specific ailments long term.
Genetic testing is done at the request of a clinical geneticist.
Genetic testing is done selectively.
Genetic testing is done to search for the locations of genes.
Genetic testing is essential, use it.
Genetic testing is expensive and subject to controversy.
Genetic testing is explored, focusing on amniocentesis, an invasive prenatal diagnosis technique.
Genetic testing is feasible to identify the diseased gene in a family.
Genetic testing is for the possibility of future disease in a currently healthy person.
Genetic testing is highly recommended.
Genetic testing is highly specialized.
Genetic testing is more likely to aid in diagnosis in families with multiple affected members.
Genetic testing is now also available.
Genetic testing is now available for a number of hereditary cancer syndromes.
Genetic testing is now available to confirm the diagnosis.
Genetic testing is now available.
Genetic testing is of limited value in family members in whom autoantibody levels are known.
Genetic testing is offered at some big university research programs.
Genetic testing is offered through research studies as well.
Genetic testing is offered to all males with severe and otherwise unexplained very low sperm counts.
Genetic testing is offered to families with appropriate histories.
Genetic testing is one of the newest methods for predicating a person's health.
Genetic testing is ongoing and so far a mtDNA mutation was found in one.
Genetic testing is performed for purposes other than medical treatment.
Genetic testing is performed on a small sample of blood from the interested individual.
Genetic testing is performed to confirm the diagnosis.
Genetic testing is poised to become another battle in the privacy war.
Genetic testing is possible by looking for an expanded repeat in the gene.
Genetic testing is possible in a few families, where the problem has already been sorted out.
Genetic testing is possible.
Genetic testing is relatively expensive.
Genetic testing is so new.
Genetic testing is still limited to participants in clinical research.
Genetic testing is still very new.
Genetic testing is the most specific diagnostic test for harlequin ichthyosis.
Genetic testing is under investigation.
Genetic testing is used primarily to confirm a diagnosis or to identify affected family members.
Genetic testing is used to find it.
Genetic testing is useful for identification.
Genetic testing is usually something people view as a double-edged sword.
Genetic testing is valuable and allows people to know if they are carriers of certain genes.
Genetic testing is very accurate.
Genetic testing needs more checks.
Genetic testing offers new hope.
Genetic testing offers the most accurate way to diagnose albinism.
Genetic testing promises a more efficient sports world.
Genetic testing raises a number of ethical issues.
Genetic testing raises many important issues for individuals and their families.
Genetic testing seems to be an amazing advance in medical technology.
Genetic testing seems to be very expensive.
All genetic testing is complete and current.
ALL genetic testing is current and available for inspection.
All genetic testing is current.
Genetic theory suggests that the only useful behavior is one that makes babies.
Genetic therapy can put off aging, illness, pain and death.
Genetic thrillers have the capacity to entertain, educate as well as to distort science.
Genetic toxicology is the study of agents which cause heritable damage to cells.
Genetic toxicology is the study of the toxic effects of chemicals on genetic material.
Every genetic trait is influenced by the environment, often to large degree.
Genetic transformation is a powerful tool for both basic and applied science.
Genetic transformation is carried out using particle bombardment and Agrobacterium tumefasciens .
Genetic transformation is just one particular wrench in the biotechnology tool box.
Genetic transformation is one of several tools in bacterial genetics.
Genetic trend rump fat thickness.
Genetic twins raised in the same womb are very different.
Genetic types tolerate from well drained soils to almost swampy waterlogged soils.
Genetic uniformity makes it worse.
Genetic uniqueness seems to play little or no role in priority.
Genetic vaccines consist of plasmids , small rings of double-stranded DNA .
Genetic variability exists between all individuals to one degree or another.
Genetic variability exists in everyone.
Genetic variability is essential to the process of evolution and the formation of new species.
Genetic variability is important for a number of reasons.
Genetic variability is produced in meiosis as a result of crossing over and independent assortment.
Genetic variability is required for natural selection to occur.
Genetic variability is vital to preserving the species.
Genetic variability provides the raw material for natural selection and thus, evolution.
More genetic variability causes more phenotypic variability.
Genetic variables are higher within races than between.
Genetic variation affects capacity.
Genetic variation arises due to mutations that occur in the genomes of all organisms.
Genetic variation arises through two processes, mutation and recombination.
Genetic variation can explain a substantial portion of the variation in neuron number.
Genetic variation causes potential.
Genetic variation comes from reproduction.
Genetic variation enables a species to adapt and evolve to new circumstances.
Genetic variation has components.
Genetic variation includes how genes become mutated or are involved in disease and aging.
Genetic variation is a key ingredient of evolution .
Genetic variation is critical to the ability of organisms to accommodate changes in the environment.
Genetic variation is extremely important to the survival of species.
Genetic variation is increased by gene mutations .
Genetic variation is increased by gene mutations.
Genetic variation is lost through drift and selection and regenerated by mutation.
Genetic variation is necessary for propagation and survival of the species.
Genetic variation is preserved or eliminated from a population through natural selection.
Genetic variation is raw material for evolution and adaptation.
Genetic variation is situations.
Genetic variation is the basis for natural selection.
Genetic variation is the clay that evolution molds into whatever shape selection dictates.
Genetic variation is the raw material for evolution.
Genetic variation is the raw material of evolutionary change.
Genetic variation is variation in the genetic make-up of the cow population.
Genetic variation leads to evolution.
Genetic variation leads to heterogeneity.
Genetic variation occurs through horizontal gene transfer, org.
Genetic variation occurs within and between populations.
Genetic variation occurs, unlike mitosis.
Genetic variation provides information.
Genetic variation refers to all the different gene versions that are present in a population.
Genetic variation refers to diversity in gene frequencies.
Genetic variation results in differences.
Genetic variations are limited.
Genetic variations are the touchstone of genetists for insight into the development of an organism.
Genetic variations can account for later language acquisition.
Genetic variations lead to a spectrum of observable differences, such as eye and hair color.
Genetic variations occur, producing conditions which can create problems for the individual.
More genetic variation is seen in the offspring.
Most genetic variation affects capacity.
Most genetic variation causes potential.
Most genetic variation comes from reproduction.
Most genetic variation has components.
Most genetic variation leads to heterogeneity.
Most genetic variation provides information.
Some genetic variation affects body chemistry.
Some genetic variation affects chemistry.
Some genetic variation affects fitnesses.
Some genetic variation affects people.
Some genetic variation affects phenotypes.
Some genetic variation affects treatments.
Some genetic variation leads to characteristics.
Some genetic variations are neutral and others are beneficial.
Genetic weaknesses can also play a part.
Genetic work offers another avenue of investigation.
A geneticist is a biologist
Geneticist isa biologist.
Geneticists announce successful cloning of adult sheep.
Geneticists are available for prenatal diagnosis and counseling.
Geneticists are biologists.
Geneticists are concerned with how traits are passed from generation to generation.
Geneticists are experts or specialists in genetics.
Geneticists are reliant on the gene pool for variance.
Geneticists are scientists.
Geneticists are trained in medicine diagnosis treatments.
Geneticists are trained in treatments.
Geneticists are workers.
Geneticists believe that oncogene mutations account for a fifth of all human cancers.
Geneticists call that cost genetic load .
Geneticists call that costgenetic load.
Geneticists can use recombination data to map a chromosomes genetic loci.
Geneticists can work in many different fields, doing a variety of jobs.
Geneticists collect samples.
Geneticists crossbreed continually in order to produce the perfect chicken.
Geneticists describe the degree of linkage in terms of centiMorgans.
Geneticists develop DNA fingerprinting.
Geneticists disagree on the exact inheritance of brindle.
Geneticists disagree on whether dorsal stripes are a requirement for duns.
Geneticists focus their studies on DNA replication and enzyme synthesis.
Geneticists foresee a number of practical applications for the cloning of humans.
Geneticists get tired of writing the same symbols repeatedly and use a simple shorthand.
Geneticists have (part) arms.
Geneticists have (part) body substances.
Geneticists have (part) cell membranes.
Geneticists have (part) cells.
Geneticists have (part) corpi.
Geneticists have (part) cytoplasm.
Geneticists have (part) heads.
Geneticists have (part) human bodies.
Geneticists have (part) legs.
Geneticists have (part) material bodies.
Geneticists have (part) necks.
Geneticists have (part) nuclei.
Geneticists have (part) personality.
Geneticists have (part) plasma membranes.
Geneticists have (part) sections.
Geneticists have (part) vacuoles.
Geneticists have many possible theories.
Geneticists have much to offer in the way of consultation for health care providers.
Geneticists have some reason for concern.
Geneticists indicate that with every color in nature exists hues or shades of that color.
Geneticists investigate the structure, function, and transmission of genes.
Geneticists learn genetics.
Geneticists now argue that all diseases are partly genetic and all are partly environmental.
Geneticists now understand that only a few traits are controlled by a single gene pair.
Geneticists overwhelmingly reject biblical creation theories.
Geneticists prefer to call identical twins monozygotic because they arise from one fertilized egg.
Geneticists question behavior.
Geneticists recode a certain part of life's building block in order to banish a disease.
Geneticists recognize a different type of mutation.
Geneticists report finding gene that raises prostate cancer risk.
Geneticists run experiments.
Geneticists say No, while social scientists say Yes.
Geneticists say there is no evidence of North African ancestors in Irish genes.
Geneticists see the number of mutations piling up.
Geneticists study the biology of heredity.
Geneticists study the inheritance of traits.
Geneticists study the nature and inheritance of genetic variation in organisms.
Geneticists study the process by which organisms inherit and transmit genetic information.
Geneticists translate that information and plug it into a computer.
Geneticists uncover heart disease gene.
Geneticists use cloning in their research to study genetic structure and function.
Geneticists use markers to help pinpoint the location of genes they are seeking.
Geneticists use selective breeding in an attempt to capitalize on hybrid vigor.
Geneticists use the bands to match the pairs.
Geneticists use tools.
Geneticists work forty or more hours per week.
Geneticists work in many different areas of science.
Geneticists often engage in team work with other scientists and laboratory staff.
Geneticists often make controlled matings to infer the underlying mode of inheritance for traits.
Geneticists often use viruses as vectors to introduce genes into cells that they are studying.
Many geneticists dismiss gene therapy as a distant prospect, but others disagree.
Many geneticists feel confident that cloning a human being is possible.
Many geneticists now believe that withholding any service is a denial of patients' rights.
Most geneticists are trained in medicine diagnosis treatments.
Most geneticists are trained in treatments.
Most geneticists collect samples.
Most geneticists learn genetics.
Most geneticists run experiments.
Most geneticists see patients in the clinic or hospital.
Most geneticists use tools.
Some geneticists help genetic tests.
Some geneticists help tests.
Some geneticists possess mice.
Some geneticists work as health care teams.
Some geneticists work as teams.
Some geneticists work in companies.
Genetics research has applications in many different fields.
Genetics research helps scientists decide which area to target in enzyme design.
Genetics research is our greatest hope to reduce and one day eliminate many genetic diseases.
Genetics research is too preliminary.
Genetics research looks at mutated animal subjects to find out what the particular gene does .
Genetics research looks at mutated animal subjects to find out what the particular gene does.
Genetics research raises many ethical, legal, and social issues.
Genetics affects aspects.
Genetics affects behavior.
Genetics affects growth.
Genetics affects health.
Genetics cans have effects.
Genetics cans have powerful effects.
Genetics explains attributes.
Genetics has huge impact.
Genetics has impact.
Genetics has roles.
Genetics involves diagnoses.
Genetics isa biology.
Genetics plays big roles.
Genetics plays critical roles.
Genetics plays huge roles.
Genetics plays important roles.
Genetics plays major roles.
Genetics plays pivotal roles.
Genetics plays roles.
Genetics plays secondary roles.
Genetics plays significant roles.
Genetics plays vital roles.
Genetics provides evidence.
Genetics relies on principles.
Geneva airport is just an hour's drive away.
Geneva County has many small, rural, public water systems.
Geneva font is preferred.
Geneva hospital is located a few minutes from campus.
Geneva Lake is in the background to the right.
Geneva students have good reason to want to return to the college.
Geneva thread is a strong, smooth, cotton thread with a mecerized finish.
Geneva trails are better.
A geneva is gin
Geneva abounds in intergovernmental organizations.
Geneva also comes with an easy to read, illustrated manual.
Geneva also has a wide choice of reputed private schools .
Geneva also has a wide choice of reputed private schools.
Geneva also has the longest continual block of buildings in the state of Indiana.
Geneva also makes pipe and sells slabs.
Geneva also sends a deputation to stir up opposition.
Geneva boasts the world's densest fibre-optic network.
Geneva currently holds the sixth and final playoff spot.
Geneva does it.
Geneva gives out academic and athletic scholarships.
Geneva has a large scale commercial capability.
Geneva has a long academic tradition.
Geneva has a long established premedical program.
Geneva has a long tradition of printing and watchmaking trades.
Geneva has a strong tradition of giving generously in support of mission.
Geneva has a total of five players represented on the men s and women s teams.
Geneva has an extremely clean dorm room.
Geneva has beautiful parks and the lake.
Geneva has high multifoliolate leaf expression.
Geneva has one of the highest per capita incomes in the world.
Geneva has secretarial staff available for assistance and work space is available for visitors.
Geneva has several areas of freshwater marsh and beautiful mature woodlots.
Geneva has the second-highest percentage of students with disabilities.
Geneva hile a pretty city, few tourists find Geneva a worthwhile destination.
Geneva is a battlefield where the righteous is attacked by the evil.
Geneva is a city for very rich people.
Geneva is a city in Switzerland .
Geneva is a city in Switzerland.
Geneva is a flexible, customer-centric billing and rating product.
Geneva is a lovely city located on Lake Geneva, and a city that is a pleasure to explore on foot.
Geneva is a nice, simple font.
Geneva is a seventh grader in regular classes.
Geneva is a very affectionate and sweet dog, who loves to cuddle and snuggle.
Geneva is a very expensive place and for most developing countries it's discouraging to send people.
Geneva is a very small big city with a high quality of life.
Geneva is almost a two-hour drive, or there is a very slow train.
Geneva is also a well-known banking center.
Geneva is also an anxious child.
Geneva is also fairly good.
Geneva is an appropriate site for the foundation.
Geneva is an efficient, clean city.
Geneva is an evangelical Christian college in the Reformed theological tradition.
Geneva is an expensive city.
Geneva is an introspective song of separation.
Geneva is another ghost community with little history known.
Geneva is approximately five miles ahead.
Geneva is designed to meet the needs of fast-changing competitive markets.
Geneva is founded.
Geneva is halfway between Cleveland and Erie, Pennsylvania on the shores of Lake Erie.
Geneva is in the French-speaking part of Switzerland.
Geneva is known as a international and beautiful city Barcelona, one flat for a couple.
Geneva is known worldwide as a financial center.
Geneva is located at the far end of town at the top of the hill.
Geneva is located at the head of Geneva Lake.
Geneva is located in the western suburbs of Chicago.
Geneva is much like Paris with houses of even height and elaborate balconies.
Geneva is named for Geneva, Switzerland, although no one knows exactly why.
Geneva is often the scene of world conferences.
Geneva is one of the oldest cities involved in multilateral diplomacy.
Geneva is powerless.
Geneva is retired.
Geneva is similar.
Geneva is the capital of one of the world's oldest technologies - watchmaking.
Geneva is the department's computer technician and web designer.
Geneva is the historic center of international cooperation.
Geneva is the most complete and powerful forecasting system on the market today.
Geneva is the problem-solver's Mecca.
Geneva is upset about it but wants to try again.
Geneva is very sweet and lovable.
Geneva is well known in the region as quaint, charming historic town.
Geneva makes billing software for telecommunications providers, utilities and online markets.
Geneva offers a program that leads to certification to teach high school chemistry.
Geneva offers a wealth of walking possibilities, many of which remain under-used.
Geneva offers the ideal site for the study of international organizations.
Geneva plans to develop a jewelry line aimed at a unique market niche.
Geneva plans to make steel while in bankruptcy protection.
Geneva provides the answers.
Geneva seeks to integrate eco-concerns with economic activity.
Geneva serves it with style.
Geneva serves so well.
Geneva stands for Christian ideals and the development of Christian role models throughout society.
Geneva succeeds in capturing the essence of traditional design.
Geneva uses laser scanning to reduce refractory costs.
Genevas are gin.
Geneva always provides a showcase for some of the most unusual and innovative concepts in Europe.
Genie applies different query methods to the same search simultaneously.
Genie assists our clients in enhancing their home's showing potential before it goes on the market.
Genie has hundreds of used machines including all major brands listed on our used lift web sites .
Genie is a commercial on-line service provider.
Genie is back by popular demand.
Genie is free.
Genie is limited at the moment - and a little messed up.
Genie is now case-insensitive in most situations.
Genie is people.
Genie is shown to perform favorably compared with several other gene-finding systems.
Genie is spirit
Genie is spirit.
Genie is the second-largest mobile portal in the U.K., and one of the largest in Europe.
Genie isa belief.
Genie loves talking to people.
Genie provides three areas of the medical industry with integrated solutions.
Genie says, 'OK, done.
Genie sets the standard by which other lifts are judged.
Genie uses statistical methods and neural networks to model gene structures.
Genies are good company.
Genies are humanlike beings who dwell on the elemental planes.
Genies fare well in romance.
All genies are original design and creations by webmistress.
Genista caterpillars occur commonly in central Texas landscapes and throughout the Gulf coast.
Genital ambiguity causes discomfort and is a major cause of loneliness.
Some genital ducts become passage.
Genital exposure is called 'indecent exposure' and is against the law.
Some genital exposure is included.
Genital infections are common.
Genital injury can affect the reproductive organs as well as the bladder and urethra.
Genital involvement is an uncommon feature.
Genital lesions are very painful.
Genital massage can be a deep, powerful experience.
Genital mutilation is a class B felony.
Genital mutilation is a crime.
Genital mutilation is a matter for global consideration as it is a global problem.
Genital mutilation is another war tactic that was used in Rwanda.
Genital mutilation is genital mutilation, regardless the sex on which it's perpetrated.
Genital mutilation is genital mutilation.
Genital mutilation is performed throughout the world in varying degrees of severity.
Genital mutilation is permanent.
Genital mutilation IS wrong.
Genital mutilations are body modification.
Genital odor is a very common thing and is particular to each individual person.
Genital papillae are absent.
Genital surgery disrupts the infant's erotic development and interferes with adult sexual function.
Genital surgery leads to outcomes.
Most genital surgery leads to outcomes.
Most genital ulcers are due to chancroid, though mixed infections are common.
A genital wart is a defect
Genital warts are a very common viral sexually transmitted disease .
Genital warts are bumps of various sizes on the skin of the genitals.
Genital warts are common.
Genital warts are different than the warts found on the hands or feet.
Genital warts are diseases.
Genital warts are easier to treat in the male than the female.
Genital warts are extremely common, but can be treated and cured.
Genital warts are flat, hard, and painless when they first appear.
Genital warts are growths on the skin in the genital area.
Genital warts are hard to treat and some are associated with cancer of the cervix.
Genital warts are highly contagious and spread by sexual or intimate bodily contact.
Genital warts are illnesses.
Genital warts are most likely to be transmitted when visible.
Genital warts are now the most common infectious disease in our nation.
Genital warts are perhaps the most difficult to treat.
Genital warts are small flesh-colored or pink bumps that appear on the genitals or anus.
Genital warts are soft warts that grow in and around the entrance of the vagina, anus and penis.
Genital warts are the most difficult to treat.
Genital warts are tiny growths that appear in the genital and anal areas of the body.
Genital warts are unpleasant but painless and can be treated quite easily.
Genital warts are usually painless, but sometimes can cause pain, itching or bleeding.
Genital warts are very common and are increasing in incidence.
Genital warts are warts.
Genital warts grow large if located in an area kept moist by urethral discharge.
Genital warts grow more rapidly during pregnancy or when other infections are present.
Genital warts result from a virus, which is incurable but intermittently active and inactive.
Genital warts seem to be more contagious.
Genital warts seem to be very contagious.
Genital warts start as small bumps that appear in the genital area or the anus.
Genital warts tend to get bigger during pregnancy.
A genitalia is a sex organ
Genitalia also develop progressively.
Genitalia are distinctive.
Genitalia are female.
Genitalia is also spelt as given in the pict.
Genitalia mature progressively as the proglottids move towards the rear of the organism.
Genitalic characters are also helpful in obtaining a definitive identification.
Genitalic characters are helpful in obtaining a definitive identification.
A genitive case is a case
Genitive case is the same for both.
A genitor is an ancestor
Genitor generates compiler-ready code as well as printed and online documentation.
Genitor is smart enough to change the name of the constructor to match the name of the new class.
A genius is intelligence
Genius awaits, with the next hard check.
Genius borrows nobly.
Genius brings forth something new, but it is eventually assimilated and advanced upon by humanity.
Genius can flower in the most unlikely habitat.
Genius can strike anywhere.
Genius comes from a passionate commitment to the integration of multiple perspectives.
Genius consists in snatching success from the jaws of defeat.
Genius covers it.
Genius cultivates old fields in new ways.
Genius deserves recognition.
Genius emerges when human potential encounters a safe, responsive environment.
Genius gives birth, talent delivers.
Genius is a big word.
Genius is a calculator program similiar in some aspects to bc and matlab.
Genius is a calculator program similiar in some aspects tobc and matlab.
Genius is a child up to the age of ten.
Genius is a fire.
Genius is a greater aptitude for patience.
Genius is a law unto itself.
Genius is a non-explanation.
Genius is a promontory jutting out of the infinite.
Genius is a subset of human nature, just as neurotics are a subset of human nature.
Genius is a supreme collection of online and offline utilities.
Genius is a talent for producing something for which no determinate rule can be given.
Genius is abnormal.
Genius is almost a proverb.
Genius is always an innate quality.
Genius is always marvelous, but when sanctified it is matchless.
Genius is always unique.
Genius is at first little more than a great capacity for receiving discipline.
Genius is dedication and persistence.
Genius is difficult to define and measure.
Genius is eternal patience.
Genius is experience.
Genius is extremely good guesswork.
Genius is found in total devotion to a task.
Genius is genius.
Genius is handy, though far from a requirement.
Genius is imagination with an erection.
Genius is in the details.
Genius is initiative on fire.
Genius is just another way of spelling perseverance.
Genius is largely a matter of being in the right place at the right time.
Genius is more than genes.
Genius is never enough.
Genius is never uniform.
Genius is ninety percent perspiration and ten percent inspiration.
Genius is no excuse.
Genius is nothing but a greater aptitude for patience.
Genius is nothing more than raging enthusiasm.
Genius is nothing of the sort.
Genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety nine percent perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent persperation.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninty-nine percent perspiration.
Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius is only a great storage battery of joyousness.
Genius is perseverence in disguise.
Genius is perspiration and inspiration.
Genius is power.
Genius is preserved and made available to every human who can make their way to a computer.
Genius is priceless.
Genius is productive.
Genius is prone to producing envy.
Genius is rare and productive genius rarer still.
Genius is such an illuminative subject.
Genius is two per cent inspiration and ninety-eight per cent perspiration.
Genius is undiscovered gold.
Genius is without exception a talent or aptitude brought from another birth.
Genius isa individual.
Genius isa person.
Genius isa somebody.
Genius isa someone.
Genius knows no race nor land.
Genius leaves the temple to haunt the senate or the market.
Genius likes to challenge the impossible.
Genius means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way.
Genius needs money.
Genius offers software development, data mining, and help desk solutions.
Genius overcomes many difficulties.
Genius suggests a possession of the brain-centres by the subliminal self.
Genius takes an accurate, noninvasive temperature from the tympanic membrane in under two seconds.
Genius takes pains, improves by practice, suffers failures, succeeds often on a second or third try.
Genius takes time.
Geniuses ape it as neat poser.
Geniuses appease on artiste.
Geniuses are creativity.
Geniuses are frank, forthright and honest.
Geniuses are generally able to get their ideas across to others.
Geniuses are habitually curious, attentive, open-minded, and imaginative.
Geniuses are intellectuals.
Geniuses are opportunity seekers.
Geniuses are smarts.
Geniuses are very rare birds.
Geniuses arise as potent ape.
Geniuses calculate portion size.
Geniuses calculate size.
Geniuses continually accumulate information.
Geniuses ease so apparent it.
Geniuses follow instinct.
Geniuses get up early.
Geniuses give theories.
Geniuses have (part) arms.
Geniuses have (part) body substances.
Geniuses have (part) cell membranes.
Geniuses have (part) cells.
Geniuses have (part) corpi.
Geniuses have (part) cytoplasm.
Geniuses have (part) heads.
Geniuses have (part) human bodies.
Geniuses have (part) legs.
Geniuses have (part) material bodies.
Geniuses have (part) necks.
Geniuses have (part) nuclei.
Geniuses have (part) personality.
Geniuses have (part) plasma membranes.
Geniuses have (part) sections.
Geniuses have (part) vacuoles.
Geniuses have a strong desire to work hard and long.
Geniuses have all the fun.
Geniuses have their mental radar working full time.
Geniuses have to stick together.
Geniuses inspire awe and veneration.
Geniuses know what they want and go after it.
Geniuses look at problems in many different ways.
Geniuses make novel combinations.
Geniuses make their own laws.
Geniuses make their thought visible.
Geniuses operate as panties.
Geniuses pirate as sane poet.
Geniuses pose as neat pirate.
Geniuses praise sane teapot.
Geniuses prepare themselves for chance.
Geniuses produce A distinguishing characteristic of genius is immense productivity.
Geniuses remove it.
Geniuses seem to have much wider fields of consciousness than average people.
Geniuses think in opposites.
Geniuses think metaphorically.
Geniuses use a little more, only yogis and sages know how to use the dormant power.
Genius always looks forward.
Genius often comes from finding a new perspective that no one else has taken.
Geniuses often have to die before they become appreciated.
All genius is a conquering of chaos and mystery.
All geniuses are philosophers.
All geniuses have a firm sense of direction.
Any genius can win a Nobel Prize.
Every genius has a grudge.
Every genius is unique.
Every genius obeys the true principle.
Most geniuses calculate portion size.
Most geniuses calculate size.
Most geniuses follow instinct.
Most geniuses give theories.
Most geniuses shine in one area above all others.
Some geniuses say in statements.
Genocide announces itself in advance.
Genocide continues unabated and unnoticed by the outside world.
Genocide defines the perpetrator.
Genocide develops in clear and predictable steps.
Genocide diminishes the racial and cultural diversity of humankind.
Genocide goes further, to the ultimate depths of human perversity.
Genocide happens because people are intolerant of difference.
Genocide happens constantly and consistantly all over the world.
Genocide has a deep psychological impact on surviving members of a group.
Genocide has a way of lowering the standard for peace.
Genocide is a a very serious crime.
Genocide is a category of crime.
Genocide is a crime against humanity because it negates human value.
Genocide is a crime condemned under any law and by any nation and country.
Genocide is a crime which transcends national frontiers.
Genocide is a hideous crime.
Genocide is a human rights violation that dwarfs all other crimes.
Genocide is a legal term.
Genocide is a much better description.
Genocide is a much wider term.
Genocide is a political act.
Genocide is a reality.
Genocide is a recently invented word, though the crime is much older.
Genocide is a serious matter.
Genocide is a strong and serious and significant word.
Genocide is a violent and intolerable act of hatred against a particular community of people.
Genocide is always a conscious choice.
Genocide is an act taken with the intent to destroy, in whole or in part, a racial group.
Genocide is an international crime.
Genocide is as in fact pretty simple.
Genocide is crime.
Genocide is defined as the destruction or elimination of a people or nation, in whole or in part.
Genocide is discussed here both, from the victims' point of view and from historical perspective.
Genocide is distinguishable from all other crimes by the motivation behind it.
Genocide is habit-forming.
Genocide is history.
Genocide is illegal.
Genocide is issues.
Genocide is just one tool. . .
Genocide is killing
Genocide is killing.
Genocide is like that.
Genocide is located in bibles.
Genocide is motivated by other things.
Genocide is nasty gutter-punk with a glammy edge.
Genocide is naughty.
Genocide is never an internal matter.
Genocide is no longer an accepted practice by the more advanced technological nations of the world.
Genocide is on the evening news.
Genocide is so blatant an evil that it has no other side to the story.
Genocide is the attempt to destroy or eliminate a people or ethnic group.
Genocide is the deliberate and systematic destruction of a particular race.
Genocide is the deliberate extermination of an ethnic, religious, political or national group.
Genocide is the destruction of a national, ethnic, racial, or religious group.
Genocide is the effort to exterminate an entire race or group of people.
Genocide is the gravest crime known to the law of nations.
Genocide is the intended destruction of a national, ethnical, racial or religious group.
Genocide is the intent to destroy national, ethnic, racial or religious group.
Genocide is the most evil thing in the world.
Genocide is the most extreme consequence of racial discrimination and hatred.
Genocide is the most flagrant abuse of human rights imaginable.
Genocide is the most heinous crime of which human beings are capable.
Genocide is the new term.
Genocide is the only word that discribes it.
Genocide is the purposeful destruction of an ethnic, national, religious, or racial group.
Genocide is the result of hatred, prejudice, ignorance, and indifference.
Genocide is the systematic extermination of an ethnic or religious group.
Genocide is the whole world's problem.
Genocide is their habit.
Genocide is their history.
Genocide is therefore both the gravest and the greatest of the crimes against humanity.
Genocide is very much a side issue.
Genocide is wrong.
Genocide leads the list.
Genocide links Links to a variety of sites dealing with modern genocides.
Genocide needs comic relief.
Genocide occurs when a player exceeds a preset limit of health.
Genocide requires cold, calculated planning and administration.
Genocide requires international intervention.
Genocide still exists.
Every genocide murders a piece of the whole world.
Some genocide is deplorable and the other is fundable.
Genoese dialect is still the most spoken language there.
All genological information is in the German language.
Genome analyses reveal levels.
Genome analysis brings a major insight in the chemical definition of nucleic acids and proteins.
Genome analysis does show that the tunicates are the closest living relatives of vertebrates.
Genome analysis is included.
Genome analysis reveals many genes with similar sequences in a single organism.
Some genome analyses reveal evolution.
Some genome analyses reveal roles.
Genome assemblies involve steps.
Most genome assemblies involve steps.
Many genome centers maintain feature locations and annotations in an internal database.
Genome compartmentalization has only minimal effects upon protein thermostability.
Genome complexity is a better measure of at least the potential information content of the genome.
Genome damage is thought to be the driving force of the aging process in many theories.
Genome data shake the tree of life.
Genome degradation is an established biochemical marker of apoptosis.
Genome degradation is an ongoing process in Rickettsia .
Genome genius acknowledges automation's role.
Genome informatics is one area that every information company wants to get into.
Genome information can indicate the future likelihood of some diseases.
Genome instability is a major cause of cancer.
Genome mutations are alterations in the number of chromosomes in the genome.
Genome mutations result in a multiple set of chromosomes in a cell.
Genome project opens the book on human evolution .
Genome replication is believed to involve self-priming, leading to the formation of high m.w.
Genome research differs from basic biology research in the enormous number of samples processed.
Genome research has the possibility for ultimate good, or ultimate corruption.
Genome research is a extreme data-rich field.
Genome research is the identification of the precise gene patterns of living organisms.
Genome research is the subject domain for a current example of a functioning national collaboratory.
Genome scientists venture daily into uncharted territory.
Genome sequence has terminal repeated sequences.
Genome sequence is simply an ordered map of the DNA molecules in a given organism.
Genome sequence is structure only.
Genome size is the total amount of DNA contained within one copy of a single genome .
Genome size seems related to the type of interspersion.
Genome size seems to be correlated with total intron length per gene.
Genome studies map future research.
A genome is order
Genome isa order.
Genomes are body parts.
Genomes are complete sets of chromosomes, which in turn contain an organism's genes.
Genomes are complicated.
Genomes are genetic information.
Genomes are in a constant state of flux.
Genomes are ordering.
Genomes are very much like water - they are fluid.
Genomes are virtually identical in all cells, and cells contain multiple sets of genomes.
Genomes are, still, quite similar in the cells of the two animals.
Genomes can contain huge amounts of data, up to billions of pieces of information.
Genomes evolve a balance between fidelity of replication, and exploration of new opportunities.
Genomes harbor subtleties of sequence.
Genomes have bizarre properties.
Genomes probably hold answers to some of life's fundamental mysteries.
Genomes vary in size.
All genomes are the same.
Every genome is a study in the history of genetic composition.
Some genomes have more functionality than others.
Some genomes replicate as circular structures while others are linear.
Genomic analysis can reveal the historical demography of cultures with ancient roots.
Genomic applications require facilities for keeping track and manipulating data.
Genomic banks store the genes that have been isolated as millions of tiny fragments.
Genomic changes are postulated to be random with regard to fitness.
Genomic data is correlated with genetic data and cytological maps.
Genomic engineering is based on the stable integration of DNA into the genome of a living cell.
Genomic evolution drives the evolution of the translation system.
Genomic evolution drives the evolution of the translational system.
Genomic exclusion is induced by conjugation with a star strain.
Genomic information can also affect families and ethnic groups that share genetic similarities.
Genomic information can indicate the future likelihood of some diseases.
Genomic information can just as powerfully serve less beneficent ends.
Genomic information has the capacity to produce a great deal of good for society.
Genomic information is useful, but the key becomes functional relevance.
Genomic instability is a hallmark for all forms of cancer.
Genomic instability is a major factor during the development of cancer in general.
Genomic instability is an invariant feature of tumours.
Genomic instability is seen in most types of malignancies.
Genomic libraries are sets of overlapping fragments encompassing an entire genome.
Genomic rearrangements create karyotype diversity.
Genomic rearrangements define a large region which is non-essential under laboratory conditions.
Genomic research focuses on studying the map of the normal human genome.
Genomic research is more descriptional than functional at the moment.
Genomic science can play a key role in the first strategy.
Genomic sciences can prove particularly valuable in finding solutions.
Genomic segments can range in size from points to regions as large as an entire chromosome.
Genomic stability is preserved by error-free replication, DNA repair and recombinational events.
Genomics actually seems to be a theme of the conference.
Genomics allows scientists to find and sequence the genes of living organisms.
Genomics can provide individual information on the bull at an earlier age.
Genomics consists of determining the sequence and function of all the genes in a genome.
Genomics helps scientist chose the right haystack to search in.
Genomics involves matching up genes to their progeny - proteins.
Genomics involves the study of the sequence, function and interrelationships of genes.
Genomics involves the study of the sequence, function, and interrelationships of genes.
Genomics is a big part of the economy going forward.
Genomics is a developing science.
Genomics is a new science.
Genomics is a perfect example of an area that's ripe for product development and medical advances.
Genomics is a set of tools for unraveling and understanding the blueprints of life.
Genomics is a term under which a number of related and overlapping technologies are collected.
Genomics is a very hot field in both academic research and in the biotechnology industry.
Genomics is an entirely different approach to science.
Genomics is as much part of manufacturing history as the cotton gin.
Genomics is both exciting and terrifying.
Genomics is central to malaria research.
Genomics is certainly one of the newest ways to start looking for drugs.
Genomics is exciting right now but shouldn t be developed in a vacuum.
Genomics is just a linear interpretation of a protein.
Genomics is just one of the promising fields emerging on the rapidly changing terrain.
Genomics is much in the news.
Genomics is much less risky.
Genomics is one of Maryland's strengths in biotechnology.
Genomics is really nothing more than genetic information and understanding genetic information.
Genomics is really the basic building block of biotechnology.
Genomics is simply the study of complete genomes.
Genomics is the analysis and application of molecular genetic information.
Genomics is the analysis of genetic variations within diverse population groups.
Genomics is the field of gene discovery.
Genomics is the hottest topic in the biotech industry right now.
Genomics is the most familiar example.
Genomics is the most important economic, political, and ethical issue facing mankind.
Genomics is the only way forward for plant biotechnology.
Genomics is the science of deciphering the genetic code of all forms of life.
Genomics is the study and identification of an organism's genetic makeup.
Genomics is the study of all of the genetic information in the chromosomes of an organism.
Genomics is the study of all the genes that comprise the genome.
Genomics is the study of gene expression, but on a more global scale.
Genomics is the study of the genetic makeup of living organisms.
Genomics is the study of the genetic materials found in a single cell, or a complete organism.
Genomics is the study of the structure and function of all the genes that comprise an organism.
Genomics is unusual in many ways.
Genomics leads to novel diagnostic methods for both inherited and infectious disease.
Genomics mainly involves the isolation of genes.
Genomics makes it much easier to establish how a production process inside a cell can be improved.
Genomics makes possible the extraordinary creation of wealth.
Genomics opens up fundamentally different approaches to studying biological questions.
Genomics represents a new inflection point in the understanding of human biology.
Genomics represents more information than everything else ever known.
Genomics seems like as logical a next step as any.
Genomics suggests that phages evolved well before eukaryotic protists.
Genotype gives rise to pheno-type.
Genotype is a group
Genotype is constitutions.
Genotype isa group.
Genotype predicts phenotype.
Genotypes are available for markers used in constructing unified maps.
Genotypes are determined based on pedigree members.
Genotypes are immutable.
Genotypes can extend on more than one line.
Genotypes develop spotting and in the physical appearance of the spots.
Genotypes differ in canopy height, stem density, and in potential detritus production.
Genotypes having higher heat tolerance appear to synthesize HSPs in a higher concentration.
Genotypes shown are representative of all the alleles found.
All genotypes are equal in reproductive success .
All genotypes are equal in survival and reproductive success.
All genotypes are equal in their viability.
All genotypes are exposed to the same environment representing contemporary conditions.
All genotypes avoid electric shocks at similar levels.
All genotypes exhibit a photoperiod response.
Some genotype is located in sheep.
Genotypic frequencies describe how that variation is organized into genotypes.
Genotypic tests look for genetic mutations that have been linked to drug resistance.
Genotypic tests look for the key mutations associated with resistance to a particular drug.
Genotypic testing does have significant limitations.
Genotypic value See breeding value.
Genotypic variations occur when there is a difference in the number or structure of the chromosomes.
Genovese basil is sweeter and more delicate than other basils.
Genovese cooking is elaborate.
Genpaku eggplants have a lot of burs.
Genral information is in italics.
Genre fiction is pleasure reading.
Genre fiction tends to be cyclical in nature.
Genre films are full of routine love interest.
Genres of music are determined as much by tradition and presentation as by the actual music.
All genres of music are acceptable with the exception of gospel and other religious formats.
All genres of music are welcome.
Any genre of music is welcome.
Every genre of music has a leading innovator.
Genre painting focuses on everyday life.
Genre painting is a genre
A genre is a kind
Genre also features a wonderful art gallery, gift shop and framing services.
Genre basically means type .
Genre basically means 'type'.
Genre becomes vital in the attempt to reconcile American past and present.
Genre comes second within the above broad orientation.
Genre constrains the possible ways in which a text is interpreted. . . .
Genre covers fashion, travel, and lifestyle issues for affluent gay men.
Genre gets bloggular.
Genre is a bit like playing the violin, easy to do badly and difficult to do well.
Genre is a form of expression.
Genre is a French term used for classifying types of media programs or products.
Genre is a 'French word' which traditionally refers to different styles of writing.
Genre is a standard formula for a particular kind of story.
Genre is a synonym for type or kind.
Genre is an attractive concept for film and TV scholars.
Genre is another, particularly when it comes to the screen.
Genre is as much about the setting as it is about the characters.
Genre is irrelevant to content.
Genre is just one, important, parameter.
Genre is just the superficial manifestation.
Genre is psychological mystery thriller.
Genre is Techno.
Genre is the paradigmatic category in which a narrative's specific form fits.
Genre is the type of something.
Genre is used to describe different types of prose fiction.
Genre means nothing.
Genre now becomes a valid subject matter category, but can be used for didactic goals.
Genre refers to a major musical style while Category can be considered a 'sub-genre' of that style.
Genre refers to paintings of everyday life, distinct from still-life or landscape painting.
Genre supports the deployment of distributed servers in an opportunistic and incremental fashion.
Genre too has no predictive value.
Genre uses an opportunistic strategy for improving performance of distributed queries.
Genres are a bore, and categories are a bore.
Genres are art.
Genres are dead and the hybrid game is king.
Genres are definitions of attributes by which players can group games.
Genres are drama, comedies, thrillers.
Genres are formal conventions for certain types of text.
Genres are important parts of drama because they create a set of expectations and conventions.
Genres are kinds.
Genres are like ingredients in a recipe.
Genres are mixed and identities disturbed.
Genres are simply the classifications of literature.
Genres are tricky.
Genres can be great, but they're also a trap.
Genres can coexist and mingle.
Genres come and go.
Genres considered include symphony, concerto, string quartet, piano sonata, opera, and art song.
Genres cover alternative rock, blues, pop and everything in between.
Genres covered include swing, big band, jump blues and rockabilly.
Genres cross fertilise constantly, mapping the mutant subjectivities of dancers.
Genres lude documentary, thriller, erotic, drama, comedy, and experiemental.
Genres provide structure.
Genres range from amatory fiction to epistolary novels to political satire.
Genres vary each time the course is offered.
Genres vary each year at the discretion of the instructor.
Genres vary with instructor.
All genre are welcome.
All genre headings on handout are legitimate headings.
All genres are acceptable except poetry.
All genres are acceptable.
All genres are available.
All genres are eligible.
All genres are explored, and selected work is published in a chapbook.
All genres are welcome, including, features, shorts, and pop videos.
All genres are welcome.
All genres become dull in time.
All genres create a tradition that can become an object to be cited, an occasion for reflexivity.
All genres go in cycles.
All genres have recognizable story elements that share common ground.
All genres have something to teach.
All genres have their own keywords.
All genres welcome, as long as contributions are comics related.
All genres welcome.
Any genre is acceptable.
Any genre is accepted.
Any genre is welcome.
Every genre has a different way of telling their stories, and a unique message it attempts to relay.
Every genre has it exploiters.
Every genre is here - from swing to punk to Latin.
Every genre is included as long as it is locally produced.
Every genre is represented here, including rock, metal, jazz and pop.
Every genre proceeds from certain expectations in the reader.
Many genres are explored, including biography, tragedy, comedy, poetry, and history.
Many genres have rivaled their sales in the past, here are some example.
Most genres boast at least one local example.
Most genres possess it.
Some genres are a particularly appropriate choice for writers whose chief purpose is to entertain.
Some genres are ephemeral while others are synonymous with the audience.
Some genres are serious and important, others are less so, and others are negligible.
Some genres fare better in the spec marketplace than others.
Some genres require good tech, some good content.
A gent is a male
Gents are gentlemans.
Gents continue moving forward line of dance to next partner.
Gents dhoti, cotton handloom, approx.
Gents size only.
Gents often wear tartan kilts for weddings and parades.
A gentamicin is an antibiotic drug
Gentamicin alone can trigger all three indices.
Gentamicin inhibits carrier-mediated dipeptide transport in the kidney.
Gentamicins are drugs.
Gentian berries are sometimes ground and sold as a powder.
Gentian root is listed in the older herbal books as being marvelous for hysteria.
Gentian violet is a stain
Gentian violet is an effective non-prescription option.
Gentian violet is another effective option.
Gentian violet is antibacterial.
Gentian violet is messy.
Gentian violet is stains.
A gentian is a flower
Gentians flourish in north-temperate and alpine regions.
A gentianella is a gentian
Gentianella amarella ssp.
All gentile children are animals.
Gentile days go from midnight to midnight, but Jewish days go from nightfall to nightfall.
A gentile is a nonreligious person
Gentiles are christians.
Gentiles are fellow citizens with the saints.
Gentiles are no more strangers and foreigners.
Gentiles are non-Jewish nonbelievers.
Gentiles are nouns.
Gentiles are people.
Gentiles can never become Jewish, ethnically speaking.
Gentiles comprise the common theme.
Gentiles do have a role however.
Gentiles eat food sacrificed to idols.
Gentiles eat pork.
Gentiles embrace the faith of Israel and become co-partakers of the promises.
Gentiles enter kingdom until end of times of gentiles.
Gentiles enter Tribulation .
Gentiles prefer sex with cows.
Gentiles seems to mean any non-Islamic people of India and Moors all the Islamic peoples.
Gentiles severely injure themselves trying to cut bagels.
Most gentiles routinely opt for the surgery out of sheer convention.
Gentisic acid is less effective.
Gentle adhesive holds catheter in place.
Gentle agitation can help to release additional spores.
Gentle angel kisses on their brows brought comfort and peace.
Gentle approach is a reward, retreat is a draw.
Gentle awakening improves dream recall and can help develop lucid dreaming.
Gentle bends are preferred to right-angle bends.
Gentle breathing is very important.
A gentle breeze is a breeze
Gentle breezes fill the trees, delightful showers and blooming flowers.
Gentle breezes provide a natural cleansing effect as they blow along the Front Range.
Gentle care is given to the cuticles and nails.
Gentle care is taken with the cuticles and nails.
Gentle charm is the author's stock in trade.
Gentle cleaners loosen and remove bug residue, sap, road grime, exhaust film and water spots.
Gentle cleaners restore, preserve and beautify wood's natural appearance and texture.
Gentle creatures make noise.
Most gentle creatures make noise.
Gentle curve can have rise to a prominent brow.
Gentle curves are also easier to mow than sharp curves.
Gentle dehydration preserves the flavor and color of fresh leek.
Gentle discipline is common for attachment parents, using age-appropriate expectations.
Gentle discussion takes place in an atmosphere of absolute confidentiality and trust.
Gentle draft hornses pull our old-fashioned style sleights.
Gentle elevation leads to sand frontage on a very remote lake.
Gentle emollients make it ideal for children's baths.
Gentle emollients moisturize and protect baby's delicate skin.
Gentle exercise is recommended, but nothing that requires significant exertion.
Gentle exercises calm the mind, relax the body, and rejuvenate the spirit.
Gentle exercises increase joint flexibility, range of motion and maintain muscle strength.
Gentle filing is the key to prevent damage to nail beds.
Gentle fingers stroke tear stained cheeks.
Gentle flurries filter through the pygmy forest.
Gentle folks believe in the sanctity of life, and respect all life forms.
Gentle formula contains no alcohol.
Gentle formula is great for children.
Gentle fringe makes an oblong face look more square, and layers make the most of damaged hair.
Gentle giant stays in pasture while foals are born.
Gentle guidance is hard to find.
Gentle guy meets gentle gal.
Gentle heat is required to maintain the deep garnet color of the pudding.
Gentle heat is the way to perfectly cooked eggs.
Gentle heat opens out all nature.
Some gentle heat prevents dew.
Gentle herbs encourage the body's natural eliminatory processes, promoting optimum bowel function.
Gentle hills allow the sun to penetrate from early morning till late in the evening.
Gentle hills occur in the west and northeast sections.
Gentle honesty goes a long way with most children, and with many adults, too.
Gentle horses are available for riders of all skill levels.
Gentle humor is always very much appreciated.
Gentle illustrations capture the magic and tenderness of the verse.
Gentle incline gets hard after a while, keep the power on.
Gentle jabs are OK, though.
Gentle lighting is best as many chemically sensitive people are also light sensitive.
Some gentle mammals live in lagoons.
Some gentle mammals live in shallow lagoons.
Gentle men raise voices.
Most gentle men raise voices.
Gentle manipulation can also be very rewarding for young babies and elderly or frail patients.
Gentle manipulations can benefit persons experiencing pain, reduced strength or loss of mobility.
Gentle massage can also be beneficial.
Gentle massage can also help ease the pain.
Gentle massage can also help.
Gentle massage can help in increasing circulation as well as relax and comfort the mind.
Gentle massage helps stimulate circulation, which makes the face naturally rosy.
Gentle massage is a great way for mother and baby to share special moments.
Gentle massage reduces the muscle pains and enhances relaxation.
Gentle massage relaxes tight airway muscles and allows for easier breathing.
Gentle modulations prevent the blandness of largely diatonic phrases.
Gentle motion is provided by a waterwheel.
Gentle music follows each story.
Gentle music soothes our aches and pains.
Gentle nose blowing helps complete the task.
Gentle peaks lead into bowly sections, with a racetrack wall inside to finish it off.
Gentle people learn to hold dogs so they feel safe and comfortable.
Gentle people teach dogs with encouraging words and lots of hugs.
Gentle people teach dogs with encouraging words, and lots of hugs.
Gentle persuasion can be as powerful as pressured persuasion.
Gentle persuasion gives way to physical intimidation, with alcohol as the ubiquitous lubricant.
Gentle persuasion is often more effective than brute force.
Gentle persuasion works most of the time.
Gentle pictures celebrate growing and harvesting.
Gentle postures stretch and tone muscles, joints, organs and glands.
Gentle practice supports the process of recovery, repair and adjustment.
Gentle prayer is powerful.
Gentle pressure is all that is needed.
Gentle pressure is applied to the eyelids so that the peripheral or side retina can be visualized.
Gentle pressure is made on the eyeball with a fine spatula, in the track of the receding lance.
Gentle pressure works best.
Gentle rabbits have gentle faces, regardless of breed.
Gentle rain falls from above.
Gentle rains begin to nourish the winter parched earth.
Gentle reflection permeates it.
Gentle reminders are a helpful way to ensure progress.
Gentle reminders are necessary in the early years.
Gentle reprimands work better.
Gentle sea breezes waft through the vaulted ceilings of the open-air lobby.
Gentle silence is an action.
Gentle slopes are often more stable and easier to negotiate if one is paddling a canoe up stream.
Gentle slopes help create braided streams.
Gentle slopes occur as pediments below low breakaways.
Gentle slopes seem to do better.
Gentle speech is also a desideratum.
Gentle streams can quickly become rushing torrents.
Gentle stretches are good too as they help ease tense muscles.
Gentle suction holds the ancient pages in place so their portraits can be taken.
Gentle suction holds the cell in place.
Gentle suction removes a sample of the lining.
Gentle swells are OK, but can lead to seasickness.
Gentle swells run unbroken over houses and yards, driveways, walks and street.
Gentle tannins suggest at least modest aging potential.
Gentle touches are always comforting and relaxing.
Gentle traction is applied to complete a controlled delivery of the head.
Gentle undulations permit the use of tri-plex mowers and reduce the risk of scalping.
Gentle use equals longevity.
More gentle versions allow uke to merely sit down.
Gentle vibrations simulate a relaxing ride in the car.
Gentle washing is better.
Gentle waterfalls weave a soft magic amid tropical flowers and exotic birdlife.
Gentle waves lap at the shore, and the lake has a pebbly bottom.
Gentle waves lap their lullaby.
Gentle waves roll in as the boats go by.
Gentle waves undulate along the skirt's hem.
Gentle words cause life and health Harsh words cause discouragement and discord.
Gentle words cause life and health.
Gentle words fall lightly but carry great weight.
Gentle words fall lightly, but have great weight.
Gentle words fall lightly, but they have great weight.
Gentle words work better than hard ones.
Gentle yoga can also be helpful.
Gentleman companions collect information.
Most gentleman companions collect information.
A gentleman is a man
Gentleman asks about costs.
Gentleman asks about regulations, which are a worry for hon.
Gentleman asks whether the powers exist to close footpaths that have been reopened.
Gentleman attaches any great significance to the postponement of further discussion on that issue.
Gentleman isa man.
Gentleman knows better than most the consequences of getting it wrong.
Gentleman proposes to give the federation.
Gentleman takes considerable interest in the armed forces.
Gentleman touches on a central and unavoidable question.
Gentleman womens matte tunic.
Gentlemans are located in big houses.
Gentlemans are located in churchs.
Gentlemans are located in clubs.
Gentlemans are located in meetings.
Gentlemans are located in movies.
Gentlemans are located in operas.
Gentlemans are located in restaurants.
Gentlemans are located in suits.
Gentlemans are located in tuxedos.
Gentlemans are located in universities.
Gentlemans are men.
Gentlemans are used for g.
Gentlemans are used for ladies.
Gentlemen also know how to get along with their fellow man.
Gentlemen are always welcome.
Gentlemen are of no use here except for what money they spend.
Gentlemen are the product of regulated and refined manliness.
Gentlemen are to go into the lavatory and shave.
Gentlemen are welcome.
Gentlemen become men.
Gentlemen can select the most convenient month to themselves at the time of application.
Gentlemen can surf fish or just stretch back and enjoy our lovely beach scenery.
Gentlemen can wear tuxedos if they wish, and women can wear cocktail dresses.
Gentlemen frighten out an clemson tigers clothing.
Gentlemen have (part) arms.
Gentlemen have (part) beard.
Gentlemen have (part) body substances.
Gentlemen have (part) cell membranes.
Gentlemen have (part) cells.
Gentlemen have (part) cytoplasm.
Gentlemen have (part) heads.
Gentlemen have (part) legs.
Gentlemen have (part) man's bodies.
Gentlemen have (part) necks.
Gentlemen have (part) nuclei.
Gentlemen have (part) personality.
Gentlemen have (part) plasma membranes.
Gentlemen have (part) sections.
Gentlemen have (part) vacuoles.
Gentlemen have dignity and honor by their sides, yet they are humble and thoughtful.
Gentlemen is an exciting men's barbershop chorus.
Gentlemen Let's face it.
Gentlemen look good with tie and handkerchief in place.
Gentlemen owe out little fifty meanwhile seek ata cases.
Gentlemen owe out little fifty meanwhile seek dantz development.
Gentlemen owe out little fifty meanwhile seek winkcomm.
Gentlemen pay all, and they are aware of it.
Gentlemen pray amid either vessel that refuse skiing.
Gentlemen prefer blondes but marry brunettes, so the saying goes.
Gentlemen prefer blondes but marry brunettes.
Gentlemen prefer blondes.
Gentlemen present attitude.
Gentlemen refer to men.
Gentlemen ruin with lots eye that argued high top tennis shoes.
Gentlemen seek until little fifty meanwhile endorse pacific image electronics.
Gentlemen seek until little fifty meanwhile endorse packaging design.
Gentlemen seek until little fifty meanwhile endorse pptp vpn.
Gentlemen show quality.
Gentlemen stay Tower on month of none arkansas memorabilia therefore limit above a camera.
Gentlemen understand that women are to be treated with respect.
Gentlemen unite via lots screw whether subscribe new york jets helmets.
Gentlemen wear a T-shirt and jeans, ladies a blouse and skirt.
Gentlemen wear bolo ties with starched collars.
Gentlemen wear hats.
Gentlemen wear suits.
Gentlemen wear the dhoti or pajama and kurta which is white, accessorised with the white topi.
Gentlemen wear top hats.
Gentlemen always deal in guineas.
Gentlemen always fight better than rabble.
Gentlemen always lie about their sex lives.
Gentlemen always welcome to partner the ladies.
Gentlemen usually wear a suit and tie or tux.
All gentlemen learn the same things.
Every gentleman knows some lies are debts of honor.
Every gentleman plays billiards , but someone who plays billiards to well is no gentleman.
Many gentlemen prefer blondes, and so do salmon, tuna and other deep sea creatures.
Many gentlemen prefer to meet in other countries such as France, Germany or Cyprus.
Most gentlemen become men.
Most gentlemen refer to men.
Most gentlemen show quality.
Most gentlemen wear hats.
Most gentlemen wear top hats.
Some gentlemen come to distinction.
Some gentlemen explore coasts.
Some gentlemen give demonstrations.
Some gentlemen have horses.
Some gentlemen have saddle horses.
Some gentlemen make it into the field grade officer ranks of major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel.
Some gentlemen make products.
Some gentlemen pay kids.
Some gentlemen suggest diets.
Some gentlemen suggest elimination diets.
Gentlemen farmers ride, hunt, and fish, while wives and children adorn porches and gardens.
A gentleness is a manner
Gentleness expresses our wisdom and power through unconditional love.
Gentleness generates a non-threatening atmosphere of acceptance.
Gentleness gifts others with respect that is free from patronizing and idolizing.
Gentleness is a disposition.
Gentleness is a form of emotional maturity and is a cooperative social virtue.
Gentleness is a kind of peace, either real or desired.
Gentleness is a mark of a true leader.
Gentleness is a mother's touch, concern, and patience with the folly of children.
Gentleness is a nice quality to have back in movies.
Gentleness is a refusal to inflict suffering, to destroy unnecessarily, to devastate.
Gentleness is a soft word of assurance or hope to a fearful child, friend, or other loved one.
Gentleness is a tricky word.
Gentleness is everywhere.
Gentleness is important so that the hummingbird's heart and lungs can continue to function normally.
Gentleness is love handling the fragile.
Gentleness is love in a state of peace, even times of war.
Gentleness is love in society.
Gentleness is made up of many things-understanding, sympathy, kindness, courtesy and tolerance.
Gentleness is meekness or humility.
Gentleness is our response to violence- a most difficult task.
Gentleness is power.
Gentleness is seen in the person's character.
Gentleness is strength in peace, serenity, patience, and leniency.
Gentleness is the characteristic of true spirituality.
Gentleness is the fourth flower.
Gentleness is true strength.
Gentleness is used as required, and roughness is used as mutually desired.
Gentleness is what is needed to meet challenges.
Gentleness is wonderful stuff.
Gentleness isa trait.
Gentleness permeates the whole story.
Gentleness recognizes that all change is mutual and interwoven.
Gentleness replaces bombast.
Gentlenesses are manners.
Gentleness always has firmness in it.
Gentleness always overcomes strength.
Gentler contours eliminate hand mowing, reducing time and labor expenses.
Gentler soaps are kinder to the skin.
A gentlewoman is a woman
Gentlewoman backs toward door and steps on kitty.
A gentrification is restoration
Gentrification comes with a princely price tag.
Gentrification happens before the businesses move in.
Gentrification is a fact of life.
Gentrification is a process which can trigger a revitalization cycle.
Gentrification is always cool until it gets thoroughly out of hand.
Gentrification is another major concern of the community.
Gentrification is like air pollution.
Gentrification is primarily a relocation of people within the city.
Gentrification is what needs to happen every generation or so to upgrade and maintain housing.
Gentrification means different things to different people.
Gentrifications are restoration.
Gentrified neighbors complain.
Gentrified woman meets poor man and together they forge an unbreakable bond.
Gentronic operation is situated in two cities.
A gentry is a class
Gentries are upper classes.
Gentry argues otherwise.
Gentry backs off.
Gentry becomes interested.
Gentry comes in mournful, with a pure tone that later develops a pleasing grit.
Gentry decides to find secondary origin halos.
Gentry describes an additional benefit for graduate students.
Gentry encourages an aggressive approach toward innovation.
Gentry gives very powerful closing arguments.
Gentry has a law degree and a master's degree in sport management from Missouri.
Gentry has an upscale piano bar vibe that attracts a fashionable clientele.
Gentry is a great place.
Gentry is listed in fair condition.
Gentry is located in Benton County Arkansas.
Gentry is the moniker for a pair of strategically located, gay-oriented nightclubs.
Gentry is the newspaper's managing editor.
Gentry is wanted for two counts of Murder.
Gentry makes a point of the fact that the phrase yayin ki yith'addam is used only once in Scripture.
Gentry makes vegetarian appealing by using quality ingredients and layering flavors.
Gentry points out an argument for an instantaneous creation of the earth.
Gentry prides itself on offering competitive pricing coupled with quick delivery.
Gentry refers to anyone gentle but untitled, usually descended from nobility.
Gentry reports that the young flower stalk is cooked and eaten.
Gentry seem the correct category.
Gentry wants Vaught to be more physical.
A genuflection is motion
A genuflection is reverence
Genuflection is required, of course, because of the cash and foot soldiers labor provides.
Genuine acceptance means the favorable reception of G-ds gift.
Genuine accountability can happen only when parents control education spending.
Genuine accountability can happen only when parents control educational spending.
Genuine accountability demands nothing less.
Genuine antiques furnish the old place.
Genuine apologies create a psychological and emotional basis for reparations and reconciliation.
Genuine apostles are few.
Genuine appreciation costs nothing, but can yield significant benefits.
Genuine appreciation flows from a genuinely appreciative heart.
Genuine art is what lasts.
Genuine assessment is more than a rudder to steer or a ruler to measure.
Genuine authority comes from the eyes, the body.
Genuine autonomy is the ability to make an informed choice.
Genuine bones do a wonderful job cleaning teeth, conditioning gums and freshening breath.
Genuine change requires coordinated efforts, consistent leadership, and steady support.
Genuine charity is strictly a human endeavor.
Genuine clay is available that, when dried in a normal oven, becomes quite hard.
Genuine collaboration requires investment of effort by all parties.
All genuine comments welcome.
Genuine commitment stands the test of time.
Genuine community is a realizable goal for the human family.
Genuine compassion requires discipline, including the orderly pursuit of the college's mission.
Genuine compromise means having a true give and take.
Genuine concern means feeling an emotional response to both the pain and pleasure of others.
Genuine confession involves contrition and cooperation, and that means naming names.
Genuine confidence is connected at a deep level to the umbilical cord of conscience itself.
Genuine consent is a cornerstone of a healthy relationship.
All genuine contacts welcome, any age, married or single from anywhere in the world.
Genuine conversations are scarce.
Genuine cooperation comes from the heart.
Genuine creativity has everything to do with using our imagination.
Genuine cultivation depends upon oneself.
Genuine currency is printed using the intaglio method, giving the bill a three-dimensional look.
Genuine deerskin is durable yet soft for a really nice feel while riding.
Genuine deflation comes in two main forms.
Genuine democracy is a refined process of reaching the best solutions for the people with calm.
Genuine disagreements appear to be very rare.
Genuine discipline is internal.
Genuine dishonesty is always repugnant.
Genuine ebony is selected for the fingerboard and long saddle bridge.
Genuine education involves more than knowledge, but education in freedom.
Genuine education is based upon responsible error.
Genuine education is present only when the springs from which knowledge comes are pure.
Genuine education is the only remedy for such treatment.
Genuine effort is made to recognize individual student's scheduling needs.
Genuine email calls for plain text.
More genuine emotion is centered elsewhere.
Genuine enthusiasm is contagious.
Genuine enthusiasm is wonderfully infectious.
Genuine enthusiasm lies just beneath the surface and is always bubbling to the top.
Genuine entrepreneurs are inherently a most resourceful lot.
Every genuine entrepreneur is that way.
Genuine experience is rare.
Genuine experts understand that progressive betting schemes are strictly for suckers.
Genuine faith can stand firm in day of trouble.
Genuine faith disdains the values of the world and forswears the vanities of the world.
Genuine faith includes repentance, and genuine repentance includes faith.
Genuine faith is a direction of looking.
Genuine faith is always active.
Genuine faith is concerned about the brother's repentance and forgiveness.
Genuine faith is expressed in positive choices.
Genuine faith is indeed patient, persevering.
Genuine faith is life .
Genuine faith is life.
Genuine faith produces good deeds.
Genuine faith requires an active response, which is charity, love, or good works.
Genuine faith requires great risk.
Genuine faith works.
Genuine feedback is readily available and possibilities explored, on the ground.
Genuine fellowship is also the outgrowth of the practice of Bible doctrine.
Genuine feminism encourages individuals to choose for themselves.
Genuine followers are compassionate and gracious and caring.
Genuine forgiveness becomes possible.
Genuine forgiveness is participation, reunion overcoming the powers of estrangement. . .
Genuine forgiveness takes place when the person who is seeking forgiveness is truly penitent.
Genuine fossils varies according to availiability.
Genuine freedom entails the possibility of making significant moral choices.
Genuine freedom is a slippery customer.
Genuine freedom means ending exploitation.
Genuine friendliness is something that is experienced in Oman like nowhere else.
Genuine friendship accepts unconditionally.
Genuine friendship is rare.
Genuine gemstones are beautiful to look at, delightful to touch.
Genuine gifts are energetically costly to procure.
All genuine goodness is original and as free from cant and tradition as the air.
Genuine goodwill is called for.
Genuine gratitude creates a professional and upbeat image and sometimes yields unexpected results.
Genuine guilt is meant to be a positive motivator.
Genuine hardwood bookcases and shelving furniture.
Genuine herb is generated from high quality species with regional characteristics.
Genuine heroes are usually too focused on their mission to be thus distracted.
Genuine holiness involves constant evaluation and decision-making .
Genuine hospitality is key.
Genuine hospitality is only a phone call away.
Genuine humility develops a sense of destiny and the foundation for good decision making.
Genuine humility is a sign of greatness.
Genuine hunger can be satisfied with a plain nutritious diet.
Genuine ideas dance and sing.
Genuine infestations are fairly easy to spot.
All genuine influences produce their own effects.
Genuine information is the bait to lure the prey to swallow the hook.
Genuine interstates are on the way.
Genuine intimacy is the process of being close with another person.
Genuine inventions are one thing.
Genuine knowledge is a necessary and universal judgement.
Genuine knowledge is forever out of our grasp.
Genuine law grows spontaneously out of the decentralized interactions of countless people.
Genuine leaders are committed to being fair and equitable in their actions.
Genuine leaders experience success and failure.
Genuine leaders serve as tribunes for the people they represent.
Genuine leather is also available in the padded menu cover.
Genuine leather is available both as a top grain and a split.
Genuine leather needs professional cleaning by a specialist.
Genuine leather surrounding zinc die cast iron enhances the beauty and durability of our tables.
Genuine linen is an exquisite material.
Genuine love cares about the freedom of the other.
Genuine love demands significant self control of body, mind and spirit.
Genuine love does everything possible to avoid combat.
Genuine love flows equally in both directions.
Genuine love is always a free gift.
Genuine love is an attraction to another's inner beauty.
Genuine love is characterized by patience.
Genuine love is given with no strings attached, with no expectations.
Genuine love is nothing but the attempt to exchange two solitudes.
Genuine love is selfless.
Genuine love is the exact opposite.
Genuine love is the lubricant that makes for good relationships.
Genuine love is willing to serve without any remuneration or even recognition.
Genuine love requires discipline and engagement.
Genuine mahogany is also available as a custom run item.
Genuine managers understand their success is dependent upon maintaining a healthy work environment.
Genuine marriage is spiritual and lasts forever.
Genuine ministry is fraught with frailty, frustration, and even failure.
Genuine money is often thinner than counterfeit money.
Genuine monsters can happen.
Genuine morality is a hard sell.
Genuine motivations lead to genuine thinking lessons.
Genuine networks stem from friendships or business relationships.
Genuine orphans are rare, and usually result from a destroyed nest.
Genuine participation is what it's all about.
Genuine parties please contact.
Genuine passion implies both splendor and torture.
Genuine peace is a deep transfiguration in the seat of the soul itself.
Genuine peace is impossible without reconciliation and the restoration of justice.
Genuine peace is won by control of senses.
Genuine philanthropy is a Christian spirit.
Genuine plates have a number of knife marks of uneven depth and distribution on the surface.
Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood.
Genuine poetry is both more timeless and more timely than the fashions of the moment.
Genuine poetry is conceived and composed in the soul.
Genuine power is an innate quality.
Genuine praise does wonders.
Genuine praise is a good thing.
Genuine prayer is a relationship.
Genuine prayer is in spirit.
Genuine prayer produces genuine repentance.
Genuine reality consists of fixed types, permanently distinguishable from one another.
Genuine reconciliation rests on personal relationships in civil society.
Genuine recovery has no gimmicks and no guarantees.
Genuine redundancy is always a legitimate reason for terminating employment.
Genuine reform can only come at the state level.
Genuine reform is in the air .
Genuine reform is prevented ensures instability and misery.
Genuine reform is the only way to improve the economy.
Genuine refugees end up as illegal immigrants in search of asylum.
Genuine refugees have a right to stay in Canada.
Genuine relationship is identity of nature, which is the same as true power.
Genuine relationships are essential to the growth environment.
Genuine renewal demands a counting of the cost.
Every genuine renewal begins with conversion of heart.
Genuine repentance acknowledges both the sentence and the acquittal.
Genuine repentance brings a turning away from ungodliness.
Genuine repentance calls for genuine forgiveness and restoration.
Genuine repentance has to do with the heart and it is accompanied by a change of the heart.
Genuine repentance is the only way to deal with sin in our lives.
Genuine respect involves viewing another person as an individual of fundamental worth.
Genuine revelation is epoch-making and integral.
Genuine romance has no ulterior motive.
Genuine rush is recommended only for the true antique while fibre is used for the practical seat.
Genuine saffron dissolves easily in water giving the aroma of saffron.
Genuine saving Achieving sustainable development is a process of creating and maintaining wealth.
Genuine sciatica occurs when pain travels below the knee.
Genuine science involves ampliative inference.
Genuine science opens itself to test and, if needed, refutation.
Genuine scientists are far too rare in our society.
Genuine separation is the fruit of a very special relationship.
Genuine service gives without thinking of getting something in return.
Genuine service is out of the question.
Genuine skeptics express honest doubts and provide constructive criticisms.
Genuine skill comes from practice, concentrated effort, and always working toward accuracy.
Genuine socialism means the workers themselves deciding their own destiny.
Genuine spirituality leads to the authentic sharing of our faith.
Genuine spontaneity is a powerfully effective advantage of real-time radio.
Genuine stag handle with bnerass guard and pommel.
Genuine stag handle with brass guard and butt.
Genuine stag handle, brass blade guard and butt cap.
Genuine star following requires sacrifice - with determination, dedication, and discipline.
Genuine stone cooking surface brings out the full and natural flavor of ingredients and toppings.
Genuine stones are available.
Genuine support develops a commitment in the minds and hearts of others.
Genuine suspense is enhanced throughout by a credible cast and pioneering special effects.
Genuine teachers love mundane pleasures, too.
Genuine temptation means that sin was a real possibility.
Genuine truth has power.
Genuine truth is never content to exist only conceptually.
Genuine typology requires that a type have historical reality and a prophetic element.
Genuine understanding comes from hands on experience.
Genuine understanding comes from hands-on experience.
Genuine urge helps overcome difficulties in the process of learning.
Genuine vulnerability plants a seed of truth and love in their heart.
Genuine wit is rare in contemporary poetry but rarer still combined with brevity.
Genuine wood cross with a hand-painted resin corpus.
Genuine wood is mahogany color finish.
Genuine worship involves both the heart and the head.
Genuine worship is done in a life of holiness.
Genus has ancestors.
Genus has basic characteristics.
Genus has carnivorous ancestors.
Genus has characteristics.
Genus has common ancestors.
Genus has fibrous structures.
Genus has glandular structures.
Genus has origins.
Genus has structures.
Genus includes cardamom plants.
Genus includes mites.
Genus includes mushrooms.
Genus includes plants.
Genus includes predatory mites.
Genus is kinds.
Genus is part of families.
Genus isa kind.
Genus isa sort.
Genus occurs in conductivity.
Genus occurs in regions.
Genus shows characteristics.
Genus supports arrangements.
Every genus requires some one thing that is the measure of everything in that genus.
Most genus has ancestors.
Most genus has characteristics.
Most genus has glandular structures.
Most genus has origins.
Most genus has structures.
Most genus includes cardamom plants.
Most genus includes mites.
Most genus includes mushrooms.
Most genus includes plants.
Most genus includes predatory mites.
Some genus contains compounds.
Some genus contains peacock mantis shrimp.
Some genus contains secondary compounds.
Some genus has bones.
Some genus has bushy tails.
Some genus has differences.
Some genus has distribution.
Some genus has diversity.
Some genus has foliage.
Some genus has green foliage.
Some genus has hemisphere distribution.
Some genus has horticultural importance.
Some genus has importance.
Some genus has life.
Some genus has northern hemisphere distribution.
Some genus has pockets.
Some genus has roots.
Some genus has slight differences.
Some genus has tails.
Some genus has wide distribution.
Some genus has worldwide distribution.
Some genus have a thick and succulent leaves while others have thin and papery leaves.
Some genus includes berries.
Some genus includes edible berries.
Some genus includes fruit.
Some genus includes roundworms.
Some genus is used by authors.
Some genus produces sound.
Some genus shows divergent evolution.
Some genus shows evolution.
Geobee quiz helps build geographical knowledge.
Geocentric companies follow policies that are world-oriented.
Geochemical alteration follows biological alteration.
Geochemical approaches are commonly far cheaper than engineering alternatives.
Geochemical comparisons suggest greywackes as origin for the dominant two-mica gneisses.
Geochemical data supports that the upper mantle has much less radioactivity than the lower.
Geochemical tools track Polynesian prehistory.
A geochemistry is chemistry
Geochemistries are chemistry.
Geochemistry embraces all aspects of the study of the earth.
Geochemistry embraces all aspects of the study of the Earth.
Geochemistry is a quantitative treatment of fundamental geochemical processes.
Geochemistry suggests the basalts formed in a continental or island arc setting.
Geochronometric units are an abstraction.
GeoConcept success is built on ten years' experience in the business.
Geocosmic studies involve the use of astrological formulas and principles.
A geode is a nodule
Geodes are abundant in the area and are most easily found in creek beds.
Geodes are common in some areas and people pan for gold and gems in area streams.
Geodes are especially unusual and popular for visitors to collect.
Geodes are for sale with free on-site sawing available.
Geodes are found in southeast Iowa and are the official state rock.
Geodes are hollow spheres in limestone.
Geodes are natural phenomena formed out of millions of years of geological evolution.
Geodes are nodules.
Geodes are partly hollow, globe shaped bodies found in some limestones and locally in other rocks.
Geodes are round rocks containing a cavity that is lined with rock crystals.
Geodes are round stones, usually hollow filled with crystals or layers of agate.
Geodes are unique forms of nature, and like fingerprints, no two are exactly alike.
Geodes can also form in gas formed pockets in cooling volcanic ash beds and lavas.
Geodes exhibit a wide range of sizes from inches in diameter to several feet.
Geodes have a hollow interior usually filled with crystals of smoky quartz, quartz and amethyst.
Geodes help to initiate astral travel, and assist in the pursuits of mathematics.
Geodes often start as large bubbles in lava that are frozen in when lava hardens.
Geodes usually form in one of two environments - either volcanic or sedimentary.
Most geodes are round rocks that are plain on the outside.
Most geodes are typically hollow whereas others are completely filled with massive, banded quartz.
Some geodes are formed out of molten lava rocks.
Geodemographic mapping is the same kind of decision-making technology used by many large businesses.
Geodesic completeness means that all world lines either start on a singularity or end upon one.
Geodesic design makes it very stable in adverse conditions.
Geodesic distance is the shortest distance between two points on a spheroid.
A geodesic dome is a dome
Geodesic domes are a good way to make buildings.
Geodesic domes are domes.
Geodesic domes are inherently rigid and create a high open ceiling.
Geodesic domes are strong, light, easy to assemble and require only a few distinct shapes.
Geodesic domes are the most energy efficient of all home designs.
Geodesic domes are the ultimate engineer's house.
Geodesic domes are the upper portion of geodesic spheres.
Geodesic domes go up fast and are exciting to build.
Geodesic domes lend themselves to automated construction.
Geodesic domes make great shade structures.
Geodesic interpolation is employed in order to capture the complex surface.
Geodesic spheres are ornamental sphere sculptures.
Geodesic structures are rigid and very strong.
A geodesic is a line
Geodesic can help.
Geodesic tents Geodesic tents have poles crossing at different points around the tent.
Geodesics are lines.
Geodesics are locally extremes of length.
A geodesy is a geology
Geodesy is also a research area.
Geodetic control is presumed to be required.
Geodetic engineering includes land, property, and boundary control surveying.
Geodetic location can be useful for locating the perpetrators of cybercrimes.
Geodetic longitude is that which was defined above.
Geodetic measurements using satellites requires very accurate range computations.
Geodetic survey works.
Geodetic surveying is the main type of field work currently being carried out.
Geodetic surveyors use high-accuracy techniques.
A geoduck is a clam
Geoducks are clams.
Geoducks are one of the longest living animals in the world.
Geoducks are our premier product.
Geoducks are too disgusting even to comment on.
Geoducks can be enormous.
Geoducks have a life cycle similar to that of many clams.
Geoducks live in holes in the mud.
Geoenvironmental studies is a growing area of employment throughout the world.
Geoenvironmental studies is the study of air, land, and water resources.
A geographer is an expert
Geographers also analyze regions that range in size from worldwide to local.
Geographers also ask why things are located in particular places.
Geographers also look at demographic transition models.
Geographers also see the spatial aspects of demography.
Geographers also study the linkages between human activity and natural systems.
Geographers also tend to focus on a particular topic or area of expertise.
Geographers also work at different scales.
Geographers analyze processes, systems, and behaviors that have spatial expression.
Geographers apply a spatial perspective to eco-nomic and social data using choropleth maps.
Geographers are also concerned to see how places are bound together.
Geographers are always interested in looking at spatial patterns.
Geographers are artwork.
Geographers are concerned with people's relationship to place and space.
Geographers are concerned with understanding and explaining variations from place to place.
Geographers are experts.
Geographers are interested in the concept of mental maps and how they are developed.
Geographers are interested in the sense of place among the peoples of the world.
Geographers are interested to hear it.
Geographers are no different from many disciplines.
Geographers are on the bandwagon, too, of course.
Geographers are particularly concerned with the linkages that bind places together.
Geographers are skilled in studying the interaction of natural, physical and social processes.
Geographers ask questions of where and why .
Geographers call it the Hudson Bay lowlands.
Geographers call place names toponyms .
Geographers call the ability to reflect sunlight albedo.
Geographers can get an extensive overview of the project here.
Geographers can make a major contribution by helping to plan and manage the coastal zone.
Geographers classify glacial sediment according to it's mode of deposition.
Geographers collect, study, analyze, and organize information about the Earth's surface.
Geographers conduct field work to learn about the world.
Geographers constantly struggle to find the best ways to display data.
Geographers continue to explore the relation between scale of representation and the issues studied.
Geographers define a region as an area that is similar in some way.
Geographers define social space as a synthesis of perceived and actual dimensions of space.
Geographers define the Great Basin several ways.
Geographers describe places by their physical and human characteristics.
Geographers describe placesby their physical and human characteristics.
Geographers describe the changing spatial patters of places in words, maps and geo-graphics.
Geographers Describes what geographers do and the skills they bring to the marketplace.
Geographers develop several skills while taking coursework.
Geographers divide the earth into hemispheres.
Geographers divide the Pacific at the equator into the North Pacific and the South Pacific.
Geographers do change paradigms, or themes in teaching and research, with some frequency.
Geographers examine where people live, why they settled there, and how they use natural resources.
Geographers focus on anything and everything but relate their investigations to place and space.
Geographers generally conceptualize two types of space .
Geographers generally describe places by their physical or human characteristics.
Geographers generally take a climatological approach to the study of the atmosphere.
Geographers go on to careers in a wide variety of fields.
Geographers have a long tradition of studying land use.
Geographers have much to contribute to research on casinos.
Geographers have no basis for feeling upset.
Geographers have their own language to describe spatial relationships.
Geographers hold a unique perspective on the landscape.
Geographers identify and analyze the global patterns that shape our lives.
Geographers insist that profoundly different processes are at work at different scales.
Geographers know where they are going.
Geographers look at how people, places, and Earth are connected.
Geographers organize space in much the same way that historians organize time.
Geographers perform a wide variety of jobs in many geographic subfields.
Geographers recognize that people create regions to interpret earth's complexity.
Geographers rely on major governmental efforts to gather relevant data.
Geographers rely on maps for conducting and presenting research.
Geographers see three major misuses of resources.
Geographers seek answers to a wide range of questions.
Geographers seek spatial patterns and therefore are interested in generalization .
Geographers specialize, as a rule.
Geographers study how climate, land, water and vegetation influence where people live on the Earth.
Geographers study human settlements, such as farms and cities.
Geographers study human-environment interactions and their spatially varying expression.
Geographers study natural hazards, biogeography, climate change, and earthquakes.
Geographers study space the way historians study time.
Geographers study the Earth and everything on and above it.
Geographers study the earth and the relationships between earth and people.
Geographers study the earth.
Geographers study the physical make-up of the land and how it affects human life.
Geographers study the way people and resources relate to one another.
Geographers study the world.
Geographers study where things are and how they got there.
Geographers synthesize data to observe relationships.
Geographers teach in the earth science area or in the social science area.
Geographers try to understand the patterns of the distribution of things on the earth's surface.
Geographers understand conflict in East Timor and the Balkans because so many factors are involved.
Geographers use a compass rose or the north arrow when drawing their own maps.
Geographers use a series of ideas and concepts to guide their work.
Geographers use a wide variety of terms to identify different bodies of water.
Geographers use computers and image processing to draw information from imagery.
Geographers use economics , history , biology , geology, and mathematics in their studies.
Geographers use economics, history, biology, geology, and mathematics in their studies.
Geographers use latitude and longitude to pinpoint a place's absolute, or exact, location.
Geographers use latitude and longitude to pinpoint a place's absolute,or exact, location.
Geographers use maps and graphs to gather, interpret, and analyze geographic information.
Geographers use maps as a basic tool.
Geographers use maps as tools to discern patterns and to understand why things are where they are.
Geographers use regions to give order to the earth's surface.
Geographers use specific terms to describe bodies and pieces of land.
Geographers use techniques such as observation, surveying, analysis and mapping.
Geographers view location in several ways.
Geographers work in business, industry, government, and teaching.
Geographers work in business, industry, government, planning and teaching.
Geographers work in the private sector as well.
Geographers often divide space into regions.
Geographers often specialize in one of the main branches of the science.
Geographers often use statistics to analyze their research data.
Geographers sometimes travel to remote areas of the world.
Geographers usually have a specialty.
All geographers are fundamentally interested in how places are interconnected, yet remain unique.
All geographers are welcome to add themselves to the directory.
All geographers use maps to convey ideas.
Many geographers find their calling in international agencies and non-governmental organizations.
Many geographers pursue teaching at all levels.
Many geographers teach in high schools or colleges.
Many geographers work in mapping and other graphic design companies.
Most geographers believe that geography is inherently interesting to nearly everyone.
Most geographers can read road maps pretty well.
Some geographers construct and draw maps.
Some geographers describe a variety of other intermediate forms.
Some geographers establish their own consulting and research firms.
Some geographers list only six continents, combining Europe and Asia into Eurasia.
Some geographers spend a lot of time in the field gathering data.
Geographic address is user programmable.
A geographic area is a region
Geographic areas have accumulation.
Geographic areas have heat accumulation.
All geographic areas are of interest, but art of the western world is emphasized.
Most geographic areas have accumulation.
Most geographic areas have heat accumulation.
Some geographic areas have a shortage of teachers or very large caseloads.
Some geographic areas have pianos.
Some geographic areas have severe heartworm problems while other areas have none.
Geographic assignments enhance communication between detectives, patrol, and the public.
Geographic barriers are critical.
Geographic barriers are the best stimulants of evolution.
Geographic barriers can restrict genetic exchange among populations even further.
Geographic borders are transparent to the flow of ideas, commerce, people and turmoil.
Geographic boundaries are Europe, North Africa, and the Near East.
Geographic boundaries are irrelevant to business.
Geographic boundaries are less significant as the Internet is the gathering place.
Geographic boundaries are typically much less restrictive than first generation public schools.
Geographic boundaries separate nationalities and prevent global communities from flourishing.
Geographic clustering enables more effective telephony competition.
Geographic comparisons are very important to understand the causes of diseases.
Geographic considerations are secondary to subject areas.
Geographic consolidation appears more simply to reflect combinations to achieve economies of scale.
Geographic coverage includes France, Germany, Italy, United Kingdom, United States, and Spain.
Geographic coverage is an important consideration when trying to find census data.
Geographic coverage is an important differentiator for all resellers.
Geographic coverage is Australia-wide and commercial, government and university.
Geographic coverage is broad, but there is a special focus on Palestine and Syria.
Geographic coverage is Canada, Latin America, Africa, Middle East, Asia and Oceania.
Geographic coverage is for the United States.
Geographic coverage is from Spain to China.
Geographic coverage is global, with a preponderance of Western European and American names.
Geographic coverage is mostly northern California.
Geographic coverage is of the United States.
Geographic coverage is on a national basis down to county subdivisions.
Geographic coverage is primarily for the United States, the Caribbean and Africa.
Geographic coverage is still spotty, but the numbers are growing rapidly.
Geographic coverage is the United States.
Geographic coverage is world-wide with strengths in Florida and the Caribbean.
Geographic coverage is world-wide, with part icular emphasis on Africa and other developing regions.
Geographic coverage is worldwide.
Geographic criteria is one requirement for participation.
Most geographic data is compiled and automated from a series of map sheets or aerial photographs.
Geographic determinism means that historians think history is mostly caused by geography .
Geographic determinism means that historians think history is mostly caused by geography.
Geographic differences are apparent in the scenery as one travels the route east from the Bay Area.
Geographic differences are probably related to differences in dietary habits.
Geographic differences are real, demographic differences are important.
Geographic differences suggest differences.
Most geographic differences suggest differences.
Geographic discrimination is no better than any other sort of discrimination.
Geographic distance isolate populations and different environments select for different genes.
Geographic distribution introduces significant challenges into the visualization process.
Geographic distribution is equally broad.
Geographic distribution is one.
Geographic distribution is wide, with schools from all parts of the United States involved.
Geographic distribution is widespread.
Some geographic distribution indicates potential.
Geographic diversity is also a goal in the formulation of the freshman class.
Geographic diversity is good.
Geographic diversity matches the range of sectors.
Geographic diversity provides the market size required to sustain growth.
Geographic divisions cover the entire country, major regions, and states.
Geographic emphasis is the upper midwest.
Geographic expansion is one of the most important characteristics of a mature market.
Geographic extensions concentrate on user interaction and map generation issues.
Geographic factors help explain why change occurred.
Geographic factors help to identify the main physical regions of the Middle East.
Geographic files are available for each state, including Texas.
Geographic files consist of digitized boundaries and networks.
Geographic flexibility is a requirement.
Geographic flexibility is another result of the company's approach to acquisitions.
Geographic focus is northwestern Minnesota.
Geographic focus is Olmsted County.
Geographic focus is on Latin America and Asia.
Geographic focus is on the United States, with special emphasis on regional initiatives.
Geographic focus is the state of Minnesota.
Geographic generalizations result from inductive reasoning or deductive reasoning.
Geographic growth is another strategy.
Geographic inconsistencies remain.
Geographic information brings different disciplines together.
Geographic information can describe the past, the present and the future.
Geographic information is compiled from public and private sources.
Geographic information is composed of spatial and attribute data.
Geographic information is essential for quick and effective response.
Geographic information is just one element of government policy.
Geographic information is stored at the server side and displayed at the client side.
Geographic information provides a useful indicator of some of the key questions in human geography.
Geographic information provides an interdisciplinary perspective.
Some geographic information is divided into hierarchical classifications .
Some geographic information is provided.
Geographic isolation bars the contact of mates.
Geographic isolation is no longer a barrier to information access.
Geographic isolation is one of the causes of speciation.
Geographic isolation is the physical separation of members of a population.
Geographic isolation leads to reproductive isolation.
Geographic isolation plays an important role in species development and maintenance.
Some geographic isolation leads to accumulation.
Geographic knowledge can help solve many of the people-land problems common to our world.
Geographic knowledge is basic to understanding human problems.
Geographic limitations apply.
Some geographic limitations apply in certain areas and some military operations are excluded.
Geographic literacy is also requisite.
Geographic location can be an obstacle in matching participants.
Geographic location can influence housing conditions.
Geographic locations are in Montana unless otherwise indicated.
Geographic locations are suspect in accuracy.
Geographic locations play a major role in the establishment of special salary rates.
Geographic locations vary as well as the ship size.
Some geographic locations provide diversity.
Geographic longitude is another name for geodetic longitude.
Most geographic markets have only on or two buyers as a result.
All geographic names are in Montana unless otherwise indicated.
Many geographic phenomena have indistinct boundaries or have complex attributes.
Geographic populations differ genetically.
Geographic position is one of the pieces of metadata.
Geographic position provides the simplest measure of risk.
Geographic preference is Ontario or British Columbia.
Geographic preferences are also evident.
Some geographic principles apply when comparing total population with population density.
Geographic professions are diverse, and so are job opportunities.
Geographic proximity counts as well.
Geographic proximity is a powerful thing.
Geographic proximity is another factor.
Geographic proximity is no longer a competitive advantage in the managed care market.
Geographic proximity takes precedence over seeding.
All geographic questions are accurate and clearly stated on back of map placard.
Most geographic questions are accurate and clearly stated on back of map placard.
Some geographic questions are accurate and clearly stated on back of map placard.
Geographic range is the total area occupied by the species.
Geographic range is Western Washington.
Geographic reality favours state or regional groups as members forum.
Geographic references abound.
A geographic region is a region
Geographic regions are as reported by the company.
Some geographic regions hold more strongly to one position.
Geographic relationships are important in decision-making or modelling.
Geographic representation is assured as each region elects two members to the state board.
Geographic representation is predominantly from Texas, but other areas also are represented.
Geographic representation is recorded for each letter, facsimile or email.
Geographic representation is tracked for each letter or email during the course of content analysis.
Geographic representation is worldwide, with emphasis on tropical and subtropical regions.
Geographic restrictions apply.
Some geographic restrictions apply.
Geographic section has New Mexico based foundations.
Some geographic separation leads to genetic isolation.
Some geographic separation leads to isolation.
Geographic skills provide the necessary tools and techniques for students to think geographically.
Geographic slant improves navigation performance in virtual environments.
Geographic space provides the framework for the integration of diverse environmental data sets.
Geographic study begins with the location of places on the earth.
Geographic study focuses on spatial analysis of human and physical features of our planet.
Most geographic study begins with learning the location of places.
Geographic subdivision decreases gene flow.
Geographic territory covered is Northern California.
Geographic territory covered is the state of California.
Geographic tongue is a benign condition, but it can be persistent.
Geographic tongue is a benign condition.
Geographic tongue is a descriptive term for the map-like appearance of some people's tongues.
Geographic tongue is a harmless condition.
Geographic tongue is a relatively common tongue problem that normally responds to topical steroids.
Geographic tongue is described as a psoriasiform mucositis.
Geographic tongue is thought to be an autoimmune disorder and is no way related to oral herpes.
Geographic transfers can occur without interrupting part time graduate study.
Geographic variation is explicable by evolutionary processes.
Geographic variation is part of biodiversity, if an under-appreciated part.
Geographic variation is widespread and exists in all species.
Geographic variations exist.
Geographic variations have some effect on their color.
Most geographic variation is probably, adaptive, hence, attributable to natural selection.
Geographical abbreviations change with time.
Geographical access is important.
Geographical analysis requires a spectrum of capabilities ranging from simple to complex.
A geographical area is a region
Geographical area is open.
Many geographical areas are open.
Some geographical areas are near environments.
Geographical assignments are available worldwide.
Geographical associations help strengthen local fellowship, youth activities and witness.
Geographical awareness is a strong plus to consideration.
Geographical barriers lead to speciation.
Most geographical barriers lead to speciation.
Geographical boundaries appear as shaded lines in the left panel and in bold in the right panel.
Geographical boundaries are another challenge to obtaining needed information.
Geographical boundaries are for the purposes of administrative supervision of division offices only.
Geographical boundaries are obviously more significant.
Geographical boundaries offer one explanation for the large and growing population.
Geographical concepts are clearly graphical with the map as the central paradigm.
Geographical conditions determine several main routes.
Geographical conditions vary.
Some geographical conditions affect ranges.
Geographical coverage extends from western Europe to the Middle East, and from the Sahara to Russia.
Geographical coverage extends from Western Europe to the Middle East, and from the Sahara to Russia.
Geographical coverage focuses on the United States, Latin America, and Asia.
Geographical coverage gives insights from Japan to Israel.
Geographical coverage includes blue water, regional seas, coasts and estuaries.
Geographical coverage includes blue water, regional seas, coasts, and estuaries.
Geographical coverage includes Spain, Portugal, and Andorra.
Geographical coverage includes the Carolina's, Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, and Mississippi.
Geographical coverage includes the United States, Canada, Australia, and Great Britain.
Geographical coverage is also worldwide but stronger in areas of specialization.
Geographical coverage is irrelevant to anthropology.
Geographical coverage is worldwide.
Geographical data represent the distribution of variable values in space.
Many geographical descriptions add to the portrayal of the American experience.
Geographical destinations can be irrelevant to users of the Internet.
Geographical determinism is a bit tricky.
Geographical differences make it desirable to make lightning counts in localized areas.
Geographical differences suggest differences.
Most geographical differences suggest differences.
Geographical dimension is particularly problematic when it comes to observation scales.
Geographical dispersion is absolutely irrelevant.
Geographical distance becomes immaterial.
Geographical distance is approximate, rounded up to the nearest thousand kilometres.
Geographical distance makes no difference.
Geographical distances are insignificant.
Geographical distances are no longer obstructions to communication.
Geographical distances make no difference.
Geographical distribution is given.
Geographical diversity favors class certification.
Geographical diversity is a plus.
Geographical essays describe major regions and political areas.
Geographical ethics is itself divided between externalist and internalist orientations.
Geographical extremities capture the imagination.
Geographical features affect the migration route.
Geographical flexibility is beneficial.
Geographical focus is on the Republic of Ireland and Great Britain.
Geographical happenstance is an important factor.
Geographical hints are supplied, where confusion arises.
Geographical ignorance is no excuse.
Geographical information is generally scanty, and economic and population data are limited.
Geographical interests are in Asia i.e. China, Korea, and Japan.
Geographical isolation can also influence evolution.
Geographical isolation causes a divergence of a species into different morphs.
Geographical isolation means no gene flow, no sexual contamination of each gene pool by the other.
Geographical knowledge has political implications.
Geographical knowledge makes realtors especially effective.
Geographical knowledge seems a particularly weak point.
Geographical limitations apply.
Geographical location affects availability, and education level influences usability.
Geographical location is also important to both members and planners.
Geographical location is an important factor in the catching-up process.
Geographical location is excellent.
Geographical location is given by annual changes of temperature, radiation and photoperiod.
Geographical location is important.
Geographical location is in an area with a desirable cost of living that is attractive to families.
Geographical location is no longer a concern.
Geographical location makes a big difference, of course.
Geographical location makes access to the islands relatively speedy.
Geographical locations do effect the specifications for a heater.
Geographical miss can lead to a fairly highly rate of restenosis in the missed segment.
Geographical names act as precise and accurate indicators of space.
Geographical names appear in both English and Spanish.
Geographical names are basic components for such initiatives.
Geographical names are fundamental elements of maps.
Geographical names have different associations for different people.
Geographical number is a number which is connected with a certain geographical location.
Geographical orientation is frequently helpful in tracing ancestors whose location is known.
Geographical places are metaphors for life, relationships, even homes.
Geographical places are notable, so they pass the notability threshold.
Geographical position determines the level of tide.
Geographical preference is Ontario or British Columbia.
Geographical preferences are the first criteria used in trying to make initial assignment matches.
Geographical prejudice is no better than racial prejudice.
Geographical priority is given to North-West Russia and the Baltic States.
Geographical profiles are then possible within such sites.
Geographical proximity is no longer a key criterion.
Geographical proximity is no longer a prerequisite for organizing political participation.
Geographical range influences the type of threat that they face.
Geographical range is determined for most of the species.
Some geographical ranges are occupied by mohave grind squirrels.
Some geographical ranges are occupied by squirrels.
A geographical region is a region
Geographical regions are devices which are subjective in nature and unfixed in space or time.
Geographical relevance is one such dimension.
Geographical research focuses on dryland farming strategies to cope with food insecurity.
Geographical restrictions apply.
Geographical scope is mostly Canada, with documents originating from Great Britain also included.
Geographical societies are an interesting and vital part of our heritage.
Geographical sources are invaluable in reference.
Geographical sources vary according to their purpose and the places covered.
Geographical specialities are London and the South-East in particular.
Geographical specialization is southern Africa.
Geographical spread is an important consideration in programme development.
Geographical structures seem to become more important than denominational ones.
Geographical substitution is also important.
Geographical terms change over time.
Geographical tongue occurs when areas of the tongue become smooth and pink and irregular in shape.
Geographical variations are also significant.
Geographical zeros are a special kind of true zeros and they have the same properties.
A geography is an earth science
Geographies are earth science.
Geographies have climates.
Geography accounts for the wildlife part of the equation.
Geography counts in politics.
Geography deals with aspects of Danish industry, production and population.
Geography deals with similarities and differences in people and the environment from place to place.
Geography encompasses history, sociology, and geology.
Geography isa science.
Geography swells out into great continental stretches of nations and people.
Most geographies have climates.
Most geography is taught as a part of social studies and, to a lesser degree, in science.
Some geographies are consistent.
Geolgical time is a method of ordering and measuring past events.
Some geologic activities result in creations.
Geologic ages revealed in deposit beds show that sharks have lived in all parts of the world.
Geologic changes can later expose such deposits, revealing beautiful features.
Geologic changes can occur even in a human lifetime.
Geologic complexities observed in the Death Valley region require interdisciplinary approaches.
Geologic data are usually subject to more than one interpretation.
Some geologic data are available as digital geodata .
Some geologic data support the geophysical results.
Geologic disposal is the permanent burial of radioactive waste in a stable, deep, rock formation.
Geologic environments See the state geology map .
Geologic events take time.
Geologic evidence shows plants next developed leaves and roots.
Geologic evidence suggests that Martian water has been liberated, perhaps many times, in the past.
Geologic evidence suggests that the extinction was the result of a period of glaciation.
Geologic field trips sites for teachers in Northwestern Vermont.
Geologic forces can turn accumulated carbon into carbon-containing rocks or fossil fuels.
Geologic hazards analyses, hydrographic charting, pipeline and cable survey support.
Geologic heterogeneity is one of the most important factors affecting groundwater remediation.
Geologic history is more than a story of rocks and sediments, it is the primal study of land.
Geologic history shows that our earth has suffered pronounced temperature changes since life began.
Geologic information involves patterns.
Most geologic information involves patterns.
Geologic insight is a kind of walking meditation.
Geologic interests center on several questions in the Andean Main Range of central Chile.
Geologic knowledge is crucial to such planning.
Geologic layers containing water is known as aquifers from which water can be extracted.
Geologic maps are a case in point.
Geologic maps are among the most important tools used by paleontologists and fossil hunters.
Geologic maps are an effective way to convey large amounts of geologic information about an area.
Geologic maps are an important source of natural-resource information.
Geologic maps are available for selected states only.
Geologic maps are compilations of data and inference.
Geologic maps are difficult to read for some who have never seen one.
Geologic maps are interpretations by scientists of the earth's surface and subsurface.
Geologic maps are on the topographic base.
Geologic maps are the most fundamental and important database for the earth sciences.
Geologic maps are very diverse in the type of information contained.
Geologic maps can represent the orientation of a layer by a strike and dip symbol.
Geologic maps show contoured depth to bedrock and sediment thickness.
Geologic maps show present day features and evidence of past events.
Geologic maps show the distribution of various layers and types of rocks in an area.
Geologic maps show the pattern of rocks on the surface of the earth.
Geologic maps show the types of rocks that occur in particular places.
Geologic maps use vivid colors to held distinguish the layers of rock easily.
All geologic maps come with a table called a map key.
Most geologic maps combine observations and highly educated inference.
Geologic mapping helps to mitigate hazards and save lives.
Geologic mapping is a fundamental tool for exploring and documenting a volcano's geologic record.
Geologic mapping is a highly subjective science.
Geologic mapping is fun.
Geologic mapping is much more than a description of the rocks and materials.
Geologic mapping is particularly hard hit, erasing the advances made the previous year.
Some geologic mapping is curtailed.
Geologic materials can include crystalline, volcanic, and sedimentary rocks and glacial deposits.
Most geologic objects are on loan to a variety of research institutions.
Geologic periods end for a number of reasons.
Many geologic problems are multi-faceted and lend themselves easily to meaningful collaborations.
A geologic process is an action
Geologic processes continue to shape the badlands.
Some geologic processes can take a million years or more to complete.
Geologic record consists of one small area of continental sediments.
Geologic records suggest there is good reason for concern.
Geologic repositories address only one element of the nuclear waste puzzle.
Geologic research shows that Earth's climate can change greatly over short time periods.
Geologic structure controls the grain of the topography.
Geologic structures are the result of plastic deformation on rocks.
Geologic structures yield evidence for the dynamic deformation of the earth s crust.
Geologic structures yield evidence for the dynamic deformation of the earth's crust.
Geologic studies are essential for understanding contamination of sediments in coastal regions.
Geologic studies are underway to improve understanding of the stratigraphy of the coal-bearing beds.
Geologic succession places emphasis on taxa rather than communities.
Geologic tables have an old-earth bias.
Geologic terms used in the Tutor are hyperlinked, so students can quickly look up definitions.
Geologic time divides into eons, eroas, and smaller units.
Geologic time is a very difficult concept for humans to grasp because of it's sheer magnitude.
Geologic time is long beyond human experience.
Geologic time is ordered both relatively and absolutely.
Geologic time is time
Geologic time marks the period from the birth of the planet Earth to the time of written history.
Geologic time uses quite a different scale than human time.
Geologic uplift is the upward movement of the Earths surface.
Geologic work continues productively.
All geologic work is really just a progress report, and subject to revision.
Most geologic work is done using relative time.
Geological activity moves materials through the abiotic reservoir.
Geological activity turns marine sediments into rock.
Geological change is slow and steady.
Geological collections are an irreplaceable part of our scientific and cultural heritage.
Geological correlation is done in three main steps.
Geological data are evidence of the encounters of the Earth with large cosmic bodies.
Geological deposits determine the location of extractive operations.
Geological detectives uncover some of life s mysteries.
Any geological disaster is possible, anywhere, at any time.
Geological disposal is appropriate for high level and other long lived radioactive waste.
Geological engineers deal with the earth and engineering aspects of natural processes.
Geological engineers work in many branches of industry and government.
Geological engineers work with the environment in the true sense of the word.
Geological engineering integrates two disciplines - geology and engineering.
Geological engineering is the application of engineering principles to geologic problems.
Geological environment consists of quite a number of components.
Geological erosion is natural occurring erosion over long periods of time.
Geological events have lesser slopes.
Most geological events take place over thousands of years.
Geological evidence indicates earth.
Geological evidence indicates that each quake was lower in magnitude than the previous quake.
Geological evidence provides support for models of the origin of life on Earth.
Geological evidence shows no sign of a global flood.
Geological evidence shows that in prehistoric times dinosaurs roamed the area and swam in the lake.
Geological evidence shows that the larger a debris avalanche is, the faster it moves.
Geological evidence supports the phylogenies as well.
Most geological evidence indicates earth.
Some geological evidence indicates results.
Some geological evidence suggests photosynthesis.
Geological exposures show complexity at all length scales.
Geological factors contribute to magnification.
Most geological factors contribute to magnification.
A geological fault is a crack
Geological faults can be the result of compression of tension or of shearing forces.
Geological faults exist where two plates come into contact.
Geological forces are very slow and they matter most of all.
Geological forces can bury and alter sites.
A geological formation is an object
Geological formations are pre-Cambrian.
Geological formations range from sandstone-shale complex to serpentinite.
Geological history appears at the bottom, while fossil talk is above.
Geological history shows the earth gripped by natural cycles of coo ling and warming.
Most geological knowledge is applied in a spatial context.
Geological maps are available at both small and large scales.
Geological maps can save lots of driving, walking, and time by pinpointing areas of likely success.
Geological maps hang on walls.
Most geological maps hang on walls.
Geological mapping has a steep learning curve.
Geological mapping has to be done between trucking schedules and underground blasting times.
Geological oceanographers are the earth's real historians.
Geological oceanographers look at the coastal processes too.
Geological oceanographers study and map the ocean floor.
Geological oceanographers study the ocean bottom.
Geological party loses plane in Rockefeller Mountains and has to be rescued.
Geological Preserves illustrate Iowa's ancient past.
A geological process is an action
Geological processes are extremely slow and very gradual.
Geological processes are natural processes.
Geological processes can effect the formation, quality and fertility of mineral deposits.
Geological processes control the environment on every scale.
Geological processes drive tectono-eustatic change.
Geological processes move elements around at the global as well as local levels.
Geological processes play an role in the movement of water in an area.
Geological projects work on magma evolution and eruption history.
Geological record supports catastrophism because of discontinuities and existence of fossils.
Geological records indicate that climate change has taken place repeatedly.
Geological records suggest that the ice ages developed slowly but disappeared relatively quickly.
Geological reports are available from the State documenting the area's ground stability.
Geological resources exclude proven and probable mineable reserves.
Geological science sits at the intersection of the physical, chemical and life sciences.
Geological sciences combines many important aspects of society, science, and mathematics.
Many geological societies have links to the Table of Contents of their publications.
Geological strata show it.
Geological structure is mainly rock and metal.
All geological study is based on the observation of rocks in the field.
Geological substrate is varied and includes the tsingy limestone massifs.
Geological surveys indicate that the Spratly lie atop vast oil and gas reserves.
Geological surveys show that there are chances of attracting more investment in minerals.
Geological time focuses on events lasting thousands of years or more.
Geological time is measured in terms of both relative and absolute age.
Geological time is time
Geological time is time.
Geological time presses all living, slighting Our mouths.
Geological time seems to have no end.
Geological training includes lectures, laboratory work and field instruction.
Geological view is that they formed when the rock cooled and contracted, and therefore cracked.
A geologist is a scientist
Geologist disagree where caves are formed.
Geologist have special saws with diamond-tipped blades for cutting rocks.
Geologist is a resident of Europa.
Geologist is silhouetted against glowing lava.
Geologist isa scientist.
Geologist stands atop the former sea cliff above the active lava bench.
Geologist use fulgurites as a time signature of paleo-environments.
Geologists agree that in the distant past Egypt was subjected to severe flooding.
Geologists agree that it was formed by the intrusion of igneous material, which has since eroded.
Geologists already know that water once existed on Mars.
Geologists also are concerned with matters of safety.
Geologists also determine sources of groundwater and possible contamination effects.
Geologists also examine chemical and physical properties of specimens in the laboratory.
Geologists also examine events such as asteroid impacts, mass extinctions, and ice ages.
Geologists also have an elaborate system of classification for rocks and minerals.
Geologists also obtain data through stratigraphy, boreholes , core samples , and ice cores .
Geologists also search for natural resources such as coal and water.
Geologists also study Earth's long history including the history of life.
Geologists also study the history of the Earth.
Geologists also study unlithified material, which typically comes from more recent deposits.
Geologists also use methods to determine the absolute age of rock samples and geological events.
Geologists also use several other properties in studying rocks.
Geologists also use the principals of biology to study paleontology.
Geologists also use topographic maps as base maps for plotting data or localities they have visited.
Geologists analyze earth samples.
Geologists answer submitted questions about geology.
Geologists anticipate an oil crisis soon .
Geologists apply geologic principles.
Geologists apply knowledge.
Geologists apply principles.
Geologists are a fun-loving bunch.
Geologists are a prolific bunch when it comes to web publishing.
Geologists are able to detect submarine movement of magma and seabed materials.
Geologists are also concerned with solving the many problems of our physical environment.
Geologists are also interested in the history of and possible life on other planets.
Geologists are also interested in the history of the Earth and other terrestrial planets.
Geologists are as diverse as any other group of people.
Geologists are curious about the earth.
Geologists are curious about the Earth.
Geologists are 'earth detectives'.
Geologists are earth detectives.
Geologists are familiar with the idea that dams store sediment and cause changes in river channels.
Geologists are full of shit.
Geologists are great explorers.
Geologists are like earth detectives.
Geologists are people who have a special knack for working such puzzles.
Geologists are people.
Geologists are quite certain about iron.
Geologists are responsible for locating and assessing coal deposits.
Geologists are scientists who specialize in the study of earth sciences and rocks and minerals.
Geologists are scientists who study rocks to learn more about our Earth.
Geologists are scientists who study the earth.
Geologists are scientists who study the Earth's crust, rocks, and formations.
Geologists are scientists.
Geologists are the front line investigators.
Geologists are uniquely able to help the general population to understand the environment.
Geologists are workers.
Geologists assess contamination problems.
Geologists assess problems.
Geologists associate potholes with large volumes of very turbulent water.
Geologists attempt to explain how the earth was formed and how it changes.
Geologists attribute the crystal growth to the percolation of groundwater in the geologic past.
Geologists believe it was formed by the rise in sea levels at the end of the last ice age.
Geologists believe that Earth's layers separated because of their different densities.
Geologists believe that Iceland formed because of an unusual geological coincidence.
Geologists believe that the island never has been attached to the mainland.
Geologists believe that the Twin Mountains once formed one range.
Geologists believe the lake originated during the last ice age.
Geologists believe the lakebed sediments have been deposited over the original canyon wall.
Geologists believe the multihued chimneys are remnants of sediment-filled geysers.
Geologists break time down into geologic time units called eras .
Geologists build complex models of salt deposits .
Geologists call basalt rock cooled in water, pillow basalts.
Geologists call it a drowned coastline.
Geologists call it a monadnock, hikers call it massive, and rappellers dub it matchless.
Geologists call it a 'suspended flow'.
Geologists call it pancake geology.
Geologists call such deposits tidal rhythmites.
Geologists call the area the Eastern Shelf of the Permian Basin.
Geologists call the bubbles vesicles.
Geologists call the light minerals felsic and the dark ones mafic.
Geologists call the liquid rock magma.
Geologists call the process differential erosion.
Geologists call the rocks and soil above the water table the unsaturated zone.
Geologists call the way obsidian breaks a conchoidal fracture.
Geologists can also help identify the components of clay used in making pottery.
Geologists can also measure the tilting of the ground above the magma chamber.
Geologists can also model and predict the severity of quakes.
Geologists can also see evidence of earthquakes in Minnesota with the Midcontinental rift.
Geologists can calculate how much rock has been removed.
Geologists can describe past changes in sea level by studying the marks ocean waves left on rocks.
Geologists can even tell which way the current once flowed by the shape of the ripples in the rock.
Geologists can gain new insight into the history of the earth by studying cave rocks and minerals.
Geologists can go lifetimes without finding any on their own.
Geologists can measure an earthquake on various scales of intensity and magnitude.
Geologists can now date the rock and analyze what direction the iron is pointing in.
Geologists can photograph rock samples.
Geologists can tell the age of a fossil through a variety of radiometric dating techniques.
Geologists can trace the amount of movement on the fault.
Geologists categorize faults according to the direction of the fault slip.
Geologists characterize streams as youthful, mature, and old.
Geologists cite several other processes by which arsenic can be released into ground water.
Geologists classify rocks as igneous, sedimentary, or metamorphic.
Geologists comb the Arctic and Antarctica for fossils and rocks.
Geologists come from around the world to marvel at the variety of metamorphic rock in our mountains.
Geologists commonly describe traps on the basis of their origin.
Geologists concern themselves with a past so distant that the imagination is greatly stimulated.
Geologists consider banded iron formations to be the first indications of free oxygen in the oceans.
Geologists consider the rock to be locally sourced, which coincides with earlier oral traditions.
Geologists continue to discover new information that contributes to the debate.
Geologists counter that our oceans, our atmosphere and our climate all ultimately come from rocks.
Geologists create geologic maps.
Geologists create maps.
Geologists demand that their maps look like geology maps.
Geologists describe Florida as a state built on what amounts to floating Swiss cheese.
Geologists describe scenic stone as oxidation fronts in rhyolite rock.
Geologists determine the nature and extent of contaminants on a site.
Geologists determine the relative age of a surface by counting the number of impact craters.
Geologists develop intuitive senses.
Geologists develop senses.
Geologists develop surface and subsurface maps to locate oil and gas resources.
Geologists distinguish between two type of ages for a geologic feature.
Geologists divide the Earth's history into sections called eras.
Geologists divide the surface and the interior of Earth into layers.
Geologists divide their time between fieldwork and office or laboratory work.
Geologists do agree, at least, on what is happening now.
Geologists do it eruptively, with glow, and always smoke afterwards.
Geologists do it on the rocks.
Geologists do jobs.
Geologists do know, in a general way, how the Andes got there.
Geologists dominate earth science departments.
Geologists eat meals.
Geologists examine cores.
Geologists examine diamond drill cores.
Geologists examine distribution.
Geologists examine the rock-hard evidence.
Geologists explain HOW the earth's surface behaves as it does.
Geologists explore caves for the purpose of learning about the formation of rocks .
Geologists explore caves for the purpose of learning about the formation of rocks.
Geologists explore for energy, mineral and water resources.
Geologists explore for mineral and energy resources.
Geologists find absolute ages by measuring the amounts of certain radioactive elements in the rock.
Geologists find evidence in all sorts of places.
Geologists find evidence of two ice ages here, although they say there have been many more.
Geologists find out what formed the Earth billions of years ago.
Geologists find sites.
Geologists forecast landslides throughout the entire oblast.
Geologists guess they eventually connect.
Geologists have (part) arms.
Geologists have (part) body substances.
Geologists have (part) cell membranes.
Geologists have (part) cells.
Geologists have (part) corpi.
Geologists have (part) cytoplasm.
Geologists have (part) heads.
Geologists have (part) human bodies.
Geologists have (part) legs.
Geologists have (part) material bodies.
Geologists have (part) necks.
Geologists have (part) nuclei.
Geologists have (part) personality.
Geologists have (part) plasma membranes.
Geologists have (part) sections.
Geologists have (part) vacuoles.
Geologists have a different explanation, however.
Geologists have a major role to play in understanding how aquatic ecosystems function.
Geologists have a process much like meteorologists.
Geologists have concepts.
Geologists have mantle rocks sitting in their labs.
Geologists have several simple tools that can be used to help identify a mineral sample.
Geologists have to analyse a large volume of seismic data in a short time.
Geologists help analyze the stone's quality and structure.
Geologists help determine the economic feasibility of developing the fields.
Geologists identify the rocks by consulting area maps or by visiting specific sites in the field.
Geologists imaginatively reclaim world from the stone they're trapped within.
Geologists insist that receding glaciers cut the lakes from calcium-rich seabeds.
Geologists interpret old, complex, and corrupted evidence.
Geologists interpret the grey shales rich in fish fossils as the lake deposit.
Geologists interpret the hidden depths.
Geologists interpret, engineers design and build.
Geologists investigate the materials, processes, products and history of the Earth.
Geologists know all about rocks.
Geologists know better.
Geologists know great ice sheets once covered large portions of the continents.
Geologists know how to distinguish different types of rocks.
Geologists know that sediments are deposited in horizontal beds.
Geologists know the oil is there, and that the reserves are huge.
Geologists know they formed under water because of structures found in the rocks.
Geologists learn about oil and mineral formation by close study of the crystals that form rocks.
Geologists locate faults and determine which are active and inactive.
Geologists look for places where they can most easily and accurately interpret the earth's history.
Geologists love rocks Which can be used as clocks When using radiocarbon dating.
Geologists love to look at and study volcanoes.
Geologists love to wax poetic about the geologic context of their work.
Geologists make a real difference in the world.
Geologists make maps of different types of rocks and where they are found.
Geologists make measurements.
Geologists marvel at their size.
Geologists measure and record activity on the volcano.
Geologists measure deformation of the dome from a site at the north end of the crater.
Geologists measure the ratio of the mass of a mineral to a mass of an equal volume of water.
Geologists minimize their time spent on the cone.
Geologists now believe that the gorge was entirely accomplished through the slow task of erosion.
Geologists now think the Earth is about four and a half billion years old.
Geologists obtain their education within accredited colleges and universities.
Geologists occupy managerial positions, sales positions, and technical positions.
Geologists perform land surveys to look for anticlime layers, which appear as folds in rock.
Geologists photograph the interiors of volcanoes from the craft.
Geologists plan a continued monitoring program.
Geologists play a very important role in understanding the past.
Geologists pour acids on rocks to test for certain compounds.
Geologists predict that the forces needed to produce a volcanic eruption are slowly building.
Geologists recognize many different environements.
Geologists recognize seven different regions in Pennsylvania.
Geologists record their data by making maps.
Geologists refer to a gem in the rough simply as a stone.
Geologists refer to it as coralgal sand because most of the grains are coral and algal fragments.
Geologists refer to specific intervals of time in Earth history using the geological time scale.
Geologists refer to the area as the channeled scablands.
Geologists refer to the rock by a less prepossessing name- clinker.
Geologists regard a landscape as the product of processes operating across time and space.
Geologists rely on ideas.
Geologists rely on similar narratives to understand and interpret the earth.
Geologists rely on the fossilized carapaces of ostracods to date sediments.
Geologists report using a deep pool of skills on the job.
Geologists say it s the only state high point that s never been under the ocean or a glacier. . .
Geologists say that each layer of sediment was laid down one year at a time.
Geologists say that Mount McKinley still rises today.
Geologists say that Mount McKinley still rises.
Geologists say that the sands are stained by decaying vegetable matter as it seeps through.
Geologists say that water flowing just one foot per second can move gravel.
Geologists say the fault is overdue for a major rupture.
Geologists say the house is a casualty of the drought.
Geologists say the state is the last portion of the nation's land mass to emerge from the ocean.
Geologists say the theory is unproven.
Geologists say the water enters the aquifer soils more slowly than the surface soils.
Geologists say there's no such thing.
Geologists see groundwater as a major force in geological change.
Geologists see holes.
Geologists see the North Anatolian fault almost like a buttoned shirt being pulled apart.
Geologists seek an understanding of the nature and speed of the processes involved.
Geologists serve as consultants.
Geologists set up camps.
Geologists speculate that drumlins formed by processes related to glacial ice motion.
Geologists spend many happy hours talking about bugs.
Geologists spend much time writing reports.
Geologists still have a lot to discover about the Earth's deep interior.
Geologists still say another large rockslide is imminent, but for now all hiking trails are open.
Geologists study chemistry and physics as an essential part of their education.
Geologists study different parts of the Earth.
Geologists study earthquakes.
Geologists study mud volcanoes because many believe they point to oil and natural gas deposits.
Geologists study rocks, soil, fossils, mountains, and earthquakes.
Geologists study rocks, the very image of immobility and stasis.
Geologists study rocks.
Geologists study the composition, processes, and history of Earth.
Geologists study the composition, processes, and history of the Earth.
Geologists study the composition, structure, and history of the earth's crust.
Geologists study the earth and it's history.
Geologists study the earth and the materials of which it is composed.
Geologists study the Earth to A. locate energy and mineral resources.
Geologists study the Earth.
Geologists study the formation, history, structure, and physical composition of the earth.
Geologists study the layers of rock of the earth's crust.
Geologists study the materials, processes, and history of the Earth.
Geologists study the materials, processes, products, physical nature, and history of the Earth.
Geologists study the microscopic world of rocks in order to better understand the earth's history.
Geologists study the physical aspects and history of the Earth.
Geologists study the present surface of the Earth.
Geologists study the structure, composition, and history of Earth's crust.
Geologists study the structure, composition, and history of the earth.
Geologists study the structure, composition, and history of the Earth's crust.
Geologists sudy the formation, history, structure, and physical compostion of the earth.
Geologists support our culture.
Geologists tell a different story.
Geologists tell of a period in earth's history when something extraordinary took place.
Geologists tend to be easy going.
Geologists tend to enjoy hiking, camping and canoeing since they work in the environment.
Geologists tend to point guns at themselves.
Geologists then begin reconstructing another chapter in Earth's history.
Geologists think hot fluids carried the mercury and oil from deep underground.
Geologists think that standing bodies of water partly filled the canyons in past times.
Geologists think the hot spots are stationary and the tectonic plates are mobile.
Geologists thus utilize erratics to determine ice-flow directions.
Geologists trace past ice sheets.
Geologists track the history of continental motion by measuring the magnetism of ancient rocks.
Geologists use a range of evidence to establish whether a star is faint enough to be a brown dwarf.
Geologists use a series of instruments to locate underground fossil fuel deposits.
Geologists use a variety of mathematical and scientific concepts and techniques.
Geologists use cross-sections to unravel the history of an area.
Geologists use data from existing wells to make subsurface maps of the reservoir rocks.
Geologists use data from the Earth itself to reconstruct past arrangements of land masses.
Geologists use field trips much like a person in business uses case histories.
Geologists use fossils as time markers in the geologic record.
Geologists use fossils to determine the age of the rock layer that it was found in.
Geologists use instruments to measure the earth's gravity and magnetic field.
Geologists use many methods to find geothermal resources.
Geologists use marker beds to help identify which sedimentary layers they are looking at.
Geologists use mathematical models to find oil and study earthquakes.
Geologists use moraines to map ice margin positions through time.
Geologists use radioactive age dating methods to determine the ages of rocks.
Geologists use satellites to prospect for minerals or oil.
Geologists use seismographs to record the surface and body waves.
Geologists use the age of rocks to determine the sequence of events in a planet's history.
Geologists use the data to map geological structures and rock formation over large areas.
Geologists use the evolutionary sequence of fossils because it works .
Geologists use the fossilized shells to determine the ages of rocks and sediments.
Geologists use the physical properties of a mineral to identify it in the field.
Geologists use the symbols shown above to classify rocks on a map according to their ages.
Geologists use the term gneiss.
Geologists use the term right-lateral to describe the direction the fault moves.
Geologists use the term stream to refer to the smallest creek or the largest river.
Geologists use the word sediment when they talk about fragments of rock.
Geologists view an unusual flowing mixture of water and ice in the upper Drift River.
Geologists wonder what forces squeeze the mud to the surface like toothpaste from a tube.
Geologists work for banks supervising environmentally sensitive acquisitions.
Geologists work in a diverse range of occupations.
Geologists work in areas.
Geologists work in business, government, private practice, and in teaching and research.
Geologists work in jobs.
Geologists work in the private sector as consultants or are involved in exploration and survey.
Geologists work on every continent and in every ocean.
Geologists work to understand the history of our planet.
Geologists work with companies.
Geologists work with oil companies.
Geologists frequently dig to get at the rocks.
Geologists often prefer the term bitumen.
Geologists often refer to a flat elevated region as a table.
Geologists often say that ages that are too old are due to excess argon.
Geologists often say that the percentage of anomalies is low.
Geologists often subdivide formations into smaller units called members or beds.
All geologists agree that conglomerates are deposited by rapidly moving waters.
Every geologist has a snake story.
Many geologists apply their knowledge in the search for metals, minerals, and petroleum.
Many geologists are self-employed as geological consultants or work with consulting firms.
Many geologists are self-employed, often working as consultants.
Many geologists are self-employed.
Many geologists believe that Tibet has favourable geology for oil formations.
Many geologists choose to further their education and obtain masters and doctoral degrees.
Many geologists hold the belief that rocks are too weak to support high overpressures .
Many geologists search for oil, natural gas, minerals, and underground water.
Many geologists see a looming peak and subsequent decline in production of conventional oil.
Many geologists specialise in new fields that require knowledge of another science as well.
Many geologists specialize in new fields that require knowledge of another science as well.
Many geologists spend a large amount of their time in field work.
Many geologists travel down to the South Pole to do research in Antarctica.
Many geologists work outdoors most of the time.
Most geologists accept convection currents as the most likely mechanism for plate motions.
Most geologists accept the assertion that the early earth had a reducing atmosphere.
Most geologists agree that it forms when one plate slides underneath another in a subduction zone.
Most geologists agree that the big oil fields have already all been discovered.
Most geologists agree that tsunami-causing landslides tend to start on active volcanoes.
Most geologists apply geologic principles.
Most geologists apply knowledge.
Most geologists apply principles.
Most geologists assess contamination problems.
Most geologists assess problems.
Most geologists consider themselves specialists in one or more types of geological work.
Most geologists create geologic maps.
Most geologists create maps.
Most geologists develop intuitive senses.
Most geologists develop senses.
Most geologists divide their time among field and laboratory work, data analysis, and office duties.
Most geologists do jobs.
Most geologists doubt it.
Most geologists eat meals.
Most geologists examine cores.
Most geologists examine diamond drill cores.
Most geologists examine distribution.
Most geologists find sites.
Most geologists have a favorite kind of rock.
Most geologists have concepts.
Most geologists make measurements.
Most geologists object to such a possibility.
Most geologists rely on ideas.
Most geologists see holes.
Most geologists serve as consultants.
Most geologists spend time travelling to worksites in New Zealand or overseas.
Most geologists study earthquakes.
Most geologists study things that happened thousands of years ago.
Most geologists track changes over years.
Most geologists work a normal forty-hour week, overtime is common.
Most geologists work in areas.
Most geologists work in jobs.
Most geologists work on land.
Most geologists work or supervise exploration work at a variety of sites.
Most geologists work with companies.
Most geologists work with oil companies.
Some geologists administer and manage research and exploration programmes.
Some geologists administer and manage research, exploration, and environmental programs.
Some geologists also teach at universities.
Some geologists are self-employed as private consultants.
Some geologists argue that the Arabian plate is being subducted beneath the Eurasian plate.
Some geologists begin careers.
Some geologists begin oil industry careers.
Some geologists believe Alaska contains as much coal as the rest of the United States combined.
Some geologists believe that continents grow in size primarily by the addition of exotic terrains.
Some geologists determine landscapes.
Some geologists divide their time between field work and lab or office work.
Some geologists find evidence.
Some geologists focus on permeability.
Some geologists have minerals.
Some geologists identify minerals.
Some geologists prefer to work with the equal area projection.
Some geologists read books.
Some geologists say the moraines are composed of the debris that washed off the glacier.
Some geologists search for oil, natural gas, minerals, and underground water.
Some geologists seek to interpret the storied canyon walls.
Some geologists spend the majority of their time in an office.
Some geologists theorize that the force of the moon on the earth causes the cracks.
Some geologists use patterns.
Some geologists work in trenches.
A geology is an earth science
Geologies affect turbidities.
Geologies are earth science.
Geologies are science.
Geologies consist of materials.
Geologies deal with life.
Geology applies many scientific disciplines to investigate problems of the earth.
Geology attracts women and men who love the outdoors and thrive on practical challenges.
Geology begins with chaos, finds itself in a state of fermentation and motion.
Geology can be a good background for persons in business, law, and medicine.
Geology can be a very interesting and rewarding career .
Geology can be a very satisfying pursuit, and an extremely necessary one.
Geology clears all that up.
Geology continues to be in the frame.
Geology controls the landscape, and landscape has a profound influence on history.
Geology coursework a plus.
Geology databases .
Geology determines directly and indirectly the biological component of Earth.
Geology determines the location of game trails.
Geology draws on biology, chemistry, mathematics, physics and engineering.
Geology embraces a number of sciences.
Geology examines the composition, history and structure of the earth.
Geology examines the composition, history and structure of the whole earth.
Geology explores the world as it once was, life science explores the world as it currently exists.
Geology focuses on the physical and biological history that is recorded in rocks and landforms.
Geology hikes, too.
Geology includes rock and soil types and characteristics, as well as degree of weathering.
Geology interfaces to are managed in a simple, straightforward manner.
Geology investigates how our dynamic planet works.
Geology investigates the composition, structure, and history of the earth.
Geology is . . .
Geology is alive and kicking in southern Utah.
Geology is also a key component in the multidisciplinary effort to determine the origin of life.
Geology is also one of the Romantic sciences in being time bound.
Geology is also the study of everything that happens on the earth and inside.
Geology is definitely an important aspect when learning about our waterways.
Geology Is Destiny.
Geology is divided into special subjects that study one part of geology.
Geology is divided into two main fields - physical geology and historical geology.
Geology is dynamic, constantly changing so radon levels can change.
Geology is everywhere.
Geology is fundamental to our understanding of the environment.
Geology is fundamental to the understanding and management of our environment.
Geology is fundamental to understanding and solving many environmental problems.
Geology is geology basically the same discipline in any language or nation.
Geology is good for Europe.
Geology is granitic on the west side of the study area and sedimentary on the east.
Geology is highly desirable.
Geology is just one big cycle after another.
Geology is kind of an abstract thing.
Geology is much, much more.
Geology is on the first floor.
Geology is one of the most interesting of all the physical sciences.
Geology is one of the most visual of the physical sciences.
Geology is particularly well suited for interdisciplinary study.
Geology is really a new language applied to commonly observed phenomena.
Geology is simple and very flexible.
Geology is such an exciting visual science that seeing is much better than reading.
Geology is thus incomplete without evolution, as is astronomy and cosmology, chemistry and physics.
Geology is today perhaps in the same situation.
Geology is understood, and punctuated equilibrium is the key.
Geology is very hands on science.
Geology is very important for oil and mineral exploration and in environmental work.
Geology is very much like a foreign language.
Geology isa science.
Geology links from around the world.
Geology literally means the study of the Earth.
Geology looks at how the earth developed and what it looks like.
Geology looks very good.
Geology majors only.
Geology measures time in millions or even billions of years.
Geology only has the lab practical remaining.
Geology plays a role in geotechnical engineering and is a major academic discipline .
Geology plays an important role in controlling the quality and nuances of California's wine.
Geology refers to the broad subject area, which in a nutshell, is about understanding our planet.
Geology refers to the rock formations and how they change over time.
Geology relies on computers in a rapidly increasing number of applications.
Geology remains, among the historical sciences, obdurately materialistic and positivist.
Geology reviews the history of the planet from the earliest known formation to the present.
Geology shows that fossils are of different ages.
Geology still wallows in the 'good old boy' mentality in too many places.
Geology takes front and center stage here.
Geology tries to explain how the Earth was formed and how it changes.
Geology uses computers extensively in the educational program.
Geology uses lots of maps and precision scales.
Most geologies affect turbidities.
Most geologies consist of materials.
Most geologies deal with life.
Geomagnetic activity includes anything that upsets the magnetic field that surrounds the earth.
Geomagnetic activity is required.
Geomagnetic activity makes little difference.
Geomagnetic charts are one of the most important products of the magnetism group.
Geomagnetic chronologies ca.
Geomagnetic coordinates are much more important than geographic coordinates in radio propagation.
Geomagnetic researchers think that it takes thousands of years to reverse the field.
Geomagnetic storm is the global disturbance of the Earth's magnetism.
Geomagnetic storms are a natural hazard, like hurricanes and tsunamis.
Geomagnetic storms are natural hazards.
Geomagnetic storms are the space equivalent of hurricanes in the Atlantic.
Geomagnetic storms can actually cause the atmosphere of Earth to expand affecting satellite orbits.
Geomagnetic storms can also disrupt radio transmissions and affect power grids.
Geomagnetic storms can also trigger beautiful aurorae.
Geomagnetic storms can cause electrical components to fail in the power grid and damage satellites.
Geomagnetic storms can last several hours or even days, waxing and waning several times a day.
Geomagnetic storms can trigger power blackouts and satellite failures.
Geomagnetic storms have similar effects, but with greater vigor.
Geomagnetic storms pose a big threat to the routine technologies which support our everyday living.
Geomagnetic surveys are important tools in the commercial exploration of natural resources.
Geomagnetic variations are the probable cause of longer term differences.
A geomancer is a diviner
Geomancers are diviners.
Geomancers are spiritual ecologists.
Geomancers can use daysigns to read the land they are working on.
Geomancers hold only the earth and it's elements dear, loving all that loves it.
Geomancers understand the cyclical nature of time.
A geomancy is a fortune telling
Geomancies are divination.
Geomancy is a method for locating ideal sites for burial grounds, residences, and cities.
Geomancy is divination by examining dots on paper, dirt particles or marks on the earth.
Geomancy is divination by examining the earth.
Geomancy is one way to recognize a sacred space.
Geomancy is popular in Arabic Islam.
Geomancy is spiritual ecology.
Geomatic data allows monitoring of pollution on an ongoing basis.
Geometer moths get their name from their caterpillars, the inchworms.
A geometer is a mathematician
Geometers are mathematicians.
Geometers do it symmetrically.
Geometers do it with involutions.
Some geometers say that mathematics is the science of pattern.
Geometric abstractions are powerful tools.
Geometric adequacy is evaluated by studying the construction plans, by field inspection, or both.
Geometric algorithms are prone to errors in the numeric input of geometric objects.
Geometric altitude is determined by correcting radar range for propagation and reflection effects.
Some geometric analyses reveal dimorphism.
Some geometric analyses reveal sexual dimorphism.
Geometric arguments yield better bounds for threshold circuits and distributed computing.
More geometric arrangements are shown below.
Geometric blocks radiate a warm sunshine where butterflies and even snails are right at home.
Geometric calculations enable real-time computer vision systems to drive cars.
Geometric constraint solving is about solving systems of algebraic equations.
Geometric constraints ensure that the layout is appropriate.
Geometric constraints explain much of the species richness pattern in African birds.
Geometric constraints fit neatly into the paradigm.
Geometric constructions are explored and algebra skills are maintained throughout the year.
Geometric constructions go back to Greek antiquity.
Geometric data repair Many geometric data sets contain geometric and topological errors.
Geometric design eliminates side-frame wobbling.
Geometric design is enhanced with a square shelf.
Geometric designs add depth, detail and interest to concrete.
Geometric designs are best with informal looks, heavy woods, pine, maple and leathers.
Geometric designs can also be abstract.
Geometric drawings progress from using a straightedge to working with a compass and protractor.
Geometric effects equal effects.
Geometric energy is applied in the arranging of the candles for specific types of healing.
Geometric exploration goes hand in hand with artistic design.
Geometric figures are similar if they have the same shape.
Geometric flows arise in numerous applications.
Geometric fonts scale nicely.
Geometric forms are the most common stylistic expressions.
Geometric forms echoing crucifixes draw attention to the body as a formal problem.
Geometric fractals are more common than random fractals.
Geometric fractals are the type of fractals that are self-symetric.
Geometric growth can occur.
Geometric growth is fast.
Geometric information are usually equations of the edges and faces.
Geometric information is hard to represent.
Geometric isomers are important in vision.
Geometric isomers differ in physical properties such as melting point and boiling point.
Geometric isomers occur from the inflexibility of the double bonds, unlike the single bond.
Geometric isomers refers to which side of the ion atoms lie.
Geometric lighting can also boost overall performance and add to image quality.
Geometric lines are ultra-sleek, and ideal for today's woman.
Geometric logic is of current interest in theoretical computing science.
Geometric manipulation is done by the use of vector math and matrix algebra.
Geometric maps show the sacred geometry of ancient sacred sites.
Geometric markers can take a wide range of forms.
Geometric methods elucidate flow phenomena traditionally accessible only numerically.
Geometric mobiles made by students hang over their heads.
Geometric models are also important in investigating number relationships.
Geometric models are also useful in representing other algebraic relationships, such as identities.
Geometric molas are the most traditional, having developed from ancient body painting designs.
Geometric motifs are an example of designs which usually require stitch-painting.
Geometric objects have a certain topology, both geometry and topology influence the functionality.
Geometric operations alter images based a geometric transformation.
Geometric operations involve the computation of distance, areas, volumes, and directions.
Many geometric operators are available in order to create complex spatial regions of interests.
Geometric optics define the ideal shape of a mirror surface.
Geometric optics form the main components of the unit.
Geometric optics is the short wavelength limit of physical optics.
Geometric patterns are a common design element in cave paintings and prehistoric rock art.
Geometric planes seem to diminish as they recede toward the vanishing points.
Geometric precision required is part of the enigma.
Geometric primitives are spatial objects that are too simple to be represented in the raster format.
Geometric prints are the only embellishment to the walls.
Many geometric problems occur here as well where computational geometry offers solutions.
Many geometric problems occur here as well.
Geometric programming is a major issue in computer graphics, vision and robotics.
Geometric reason fails and kissing takes the steering wheel.
Geometric sans tend to be less readable than grotesques.
A geometric series is a series
Geometric series are important in music.
Geometric shapes adorns a handmade silver plated necklace.
Geometric shapes are also available with the objects icon.
Geometric shapes are groovy.
Geometric shapes are regular and precise, such as triangles, rectangles and circles.
Geometric shapes are regular like triangles, squares and circles.
Geometric shapes are the best way to get started.
Geometric shapes are the simplest objects that can exist in space.
Geometric shapes can augment the design of a composition.
Geometric shapes can be top and tailed to save time and glass.
Geometric shapes express minimum contrast and are thus more decorative than naturalistic shapes.
Geometric shapes mystify and multiply.
Geometric sums are everywhere in finance and in advance mathematics.
Geometric sums play a key role in the arithmetic-based perspective of higher mathematics.
Geometric topology treats the structure and properties of low- dimensional topological manifolds.
Geometric transformations accumulate in effect.
Geometric transformations Apply rotations, scaling, and translations to a set.
Geometric variations describe changes in shape, location and orientation of features.
Geometrical concepts are fundamental in computer graphics and computer vision.
Geometrical concepts play a significant role in the analysis of physical systems.
Geometrical construction is a function.
Geometrical figures chart.
Geometrical methods lead to a very low computation time and very efficient way to store the border.
Geometrical objects are 'congruent'.
Geometrical objects are things like cylinders and spheres.
Geometrical optics applies the laws of reflection and refraction of light to the design of lenses .
Geometrical optics ignores diffraction, and treats light as being composed of rays.
Geometrical optics limit.
Geometrical ornaments are the most popular.
Geometrical patterns are rarer.
Every geometrical proposition is absolutely necessary.
Many geometrical relationships come into play in many varieties of art.
Geometrical symmetries occur frequently.
Geometrical understanding is nice, too.
A geometrid is a moth
Most Geometrids feed on the foliage of trees and shrubs in woodland.
Geometry optimizations can be complete or constrained and use Cartesian or internal coordinates.
Geometry processing is an important technology whose time is approaching.
Geometries are abstract, symbolic universes or manifolds.
Geometries are as accurate as defined in their respective CAD system.
Geometries can be more intricate, densities are higher, and the finish is finer in detail.
Geometries outputted in graphical format, other outputs are tabular.
Geometry abound with it's shape of surface design.
Geometry alone is limited.
Geometry also affects range in two major ways.
Geometry also involves angles.
Geometry also trains the eye to shape and form which leads to creative expression.
Geometry appears and moves about to the rhythm.
Geometry appears in works of art, architectural wonders, and physical structures.
Geometry begins utilizing polygons and symmetry while calculating perimeter, area, and volume.
Geometry begins with 'a' location.
Geometry begins with 'a' point and moves outward to understand the 'whole'.
Geometry begins with definitions of abstract, unvisualized objects.
Geometry can be a doorway to their success in mathematics.
Geometry can be a surprising observational science.
Geometry can be fully parametric, underconstrained, and mixed in a thoroughly reliable manner.
Geometry can get complicated, and creative nomenclature abounds.
Geometry Can Help.
Geometry concerns itself with properties, measurement, and relationships in space.
Geometry consists of two parts, plane and solid.
Geometry covers parallel lines to pyramids.
Geometry deals with sets of points in a plane or in space.
Geometry defines form or structure.
Geometry Determines the area to refresh.
Geometry develops one's ability to organize information and present it in a clear, logical fashion.
Geometry draws the soul towards truth .
Geometry encourages developing the ability to relate two different cognitive functions.
Geometry enlightens the intellect and sets one's mind right.
Geometry explores the cube , tetrahedron , icosahedron , and dodecahedron .
Geometry fits perfectly.
Geometry gives visual meaning to arithmatic and algebra.
Geometry greets the eye.
Geometry has a long history of such systematic study.
Geometry has an interesting history.
Geometry helps in matching.
Geometry here means that the conductors are of a different size and shape.
Geometry Identify the cube, cyliner, sphere, cone, triangle, rectangle, circle, and square.
Geometry includes the study of lines.
Geometry introduces students to angles and geometric shapes.
Geometry introduces the fundamentals of proof in Euclidean geometry.
Geometry is a bitch.
Geometry is a course which introduces geometric shapes and the logical study of their properties.
Geometry is a dominant characteristic of native art forms.
Geometry is a fundamental archetype.
Geometry is a good example of the use of deductive reasoning.
Geometry is a great program for figuring out math problems.
Geometry is a local quantity that measures the intrinsic curvature of a surface.
Geometry is a physical entity, very much like matter.
Geometry is a plus.
Geometry is a prerequisite.
Geometry is a problem of the past.
Geometry is a recommended prerequisite.
Geometry is a science which determines the properties of space synthetically, and yet a priori.
Geometry is a tool for calculating aspects of steering geometry.
Geometry is a tool humans have developed to look at and understand our world.
Geometry is a traditional study of Euclidean geometry.
Geometry is a very visual subject.
Geometry is about solving equations in mathematical structures.
Geometry is all about shapes.
Geometry is also a good place to develop students' reasoning abilities.
Geometry is also a visual art form seen in the design of quilts and in architecture.
Geometry is also narrow-minded.
Geometry is an example, or rather geometries, for there are many.
Geometry is an ideal subject area for the heuristic methodology.
Geometry is an integrated course in plane, solid and coordinate geometry.
Geometry is another aspect of the concept of operations.
Geometry is available for download from the Internet.
Geometry is beautifully visual in concept - and logic.
Geometry is both the grabbing on and the letting go.
Geometry is concerned with the properties of space and of objects in space.
Geometry is covered here.
Geometry is deeply related to physics and promotes progress in mathematics.
Geometry is designed for the student with at least average ability in mathematics.
Geometry is difficult.
Geometry is experienced sensorial through manipulation of both plane and solid geometric figures.
Geometry is experienced sensorially through manipulation of both plane and solid geometric figures.
Geometry is founded in the study of the Earth.
Geometry is good.
Geometry is implicitly in there.
Geometry is important in other branches of mathematics.
Geometry is important.
Geometry is in cities, trees, oceans and all other views in life.
Geometry is integrated into the course whenever possible.
Geometry is integrated throughout.
Geometry is integrated with arithmetic, algebra, and numerical trigonometry.
Geometry is introduced when children try to fit shapes into a larger tangram puzzle.
Geometry is knowledge of the eternally existent.
Geometry is like being responsible for a toolbox.
Geometry is like maintaining a toolbox.
Geometry is like owning a toolbox.
Geometry is like using a toolbox effectively.
Geometry is like using a toolbox.
Geometry is limited to flat picture planes.
Geometry is math.
Geometry is mixed throughout as connections are made.
Geometry is more visual and more palpable than algebra.
Geometry is naturally concrete.
Geometry is no longer immune to change.
Geometry is one of the most visual courses in high school mathematics.
Geometry is one of the oldest branches of mathematics.
Geometry is perfect for jumping and trail use.
Geometry is perfect.
Geometry is perfection in structured form.
Geometry is pretty useful.
Geometry is pure and simple.
Geometry is really bad and no amount of on screen controls manipulation can fix the distortions.
Geometry is recommended for all students who are considering attending a four-year college.
Geometry is recommended for college bound students.
Geometry is recommended.
Geometry is required for university entrance.
Geometry is rich in structures, patterns and interrelations.
Geometry is science
Geometry is sculpture.
Geometry is seen in fabric patterns, house painting, and tattoos.
Geometry is so hard.
Geometry is subjects.
Geometry is taught at two levels.
Geometry is taught in relation to forms in a painting or drawing.
Geometry is taught in the context of computer graphics.
Geometry is the answer.
Geometry is the archetype of the beauty of the world.
Geometry is the art of correct reasoning on incorrect figures.
Geometry is the branch of mathematics that deals with the properties of space and objects .
Geometry is the mathematical study of shapes, figures, and positions in space.
Geometry is the mathematics of points, lines, angles, surfaces, and solids.
Geometry is the mathematics of shape and space.
Geometry is the most ancient and beautiful of all the mathematical studies.
Geometry is the mystical place where mathematics becomes Interesting.
Geometry is the noblest branch of physics.
Geometry is the one course that requires an additional software package.
Geometry is the paradigm of a science.
Geometry is the positioning of widgets on the visual screen.
Geometry is the root class of the hierarchy.
Geometry is the science of correct reasoning on incorrect figures.
Geometry is the second course in a sequence of three courses that integrates algebra and geometry.
Geometry is the study of figures.
Geometry is the study of plane and solid figures in two and three dimensions.
Geometry is the study of shapes and spaces.
Geometry is the study of simple spatial relationships.
Geometry is the study of the properties of shapes.
Geometry is the wrong role model to follow.
Geometry is today the most honoured science.
Geometry is universal.
Geometry is used effectively to present non mathematical treatments of the techniques.
Geometry is used to define new objects in a topological sense.
Geometry is utilized as students determine their location in the back country by resection.
Geometry is warpped in realtime to generate relativistic effects.
Geometry is written onto the tetin file in the user's system of units.
Geometry Look at the rectangles below.
Geometry means 'measure of life' .
Geometry meets the computer.
Geometry occupies a year of the secondary school curriculum, and bits and pieces in other years.
Geometry offers the most expedient means for reducing weight.
Geometry plays a very important role in the creation of a map projetion.
Geometry plays an important role, with the grid and circular forms being especially prevalant.
Geometry plays well off white because corners and curves are better marked in direct sun lighting.
Geometry provides a rich context in which to begin to develop students' reasoning skills.
Geometry provides a unifying theme throughout much of the development.
Geometry Provides links to a large number of geometric shapes.
Geometry provides the multidimensional space in which events can occur.
Geometry really begins in kindergarten with the concepts of size, area, perimeter, and symmetry.
Geometry recapitulates arithmetic.
Geometry refers to shapes being correctly rendered by a display.
Geometry relates to spatial knowledge, the apprehension of objects and their relationships in space.
Geometry represents the uniform elatedness of nature, especially of spatio-temporal relations.
Geometry requires the use of figures so that it utilizes the imagination instead of the reason.
Geometry starts with a few simple ideas that are thought to be true, called axioms.
Geometry studies the patterns of shape.
Geometry studies the properties of geometric figures such as triangles, squares, cubes etc.
Geometry supports material-level transparency.
Geometry tells matter how to move.
Geometry tends to be the best tool for creating shockwaves.
Geometry touches on every aspect of our lives.
Geometry often plays a novel role in resolving a central tension faced by industrial designers.
All geometries are available as special order.
All geometries have a possible molecule shape that is linear.
Most geometry is related to mensuration.
Some geometries have an optimum alpha-shape.
Geomorphic features are usually less distinct on such summer images.
Geomorphic processes are distinctive in the tundra, resulting in a variety of curious landforms.
Many geomorphic processes operate only after the crossing of a threshold.
Most geomorphic systems are open.
Geomorphological work is an integral part of our research.
Geomorphology encompasses the shape, size and location of wetlands in the landscape.
Geomorphology examines the variety of landforms that exist at the earth's surface.
Geomorphology is a geology
Geomorphology is a second aspect of lab research.
Geomorphology is a term that encompasses all earth changing processes.
Geomorphology is an important component of environmental geology.
Geomorphology is another important area.
Geomorphology is part of geography , geology , geodesy , engineering geology and archaeology .
Geomorphology is part of geography, geology, geodesy, engineering geology and archaeology.
Geomorphology is studied by both geographers and geologists.
Geomorphology is the general form of the earth's surface and the changes that occur to it.
Geomorphology is the geologic study of the configuration and evolution of land forms.
Geomorphology is the study of earth surface processes and landforms.
Geomorphology is the study of landforms .
Geomorphology is the study of landforms.
Geomorphology is the study of the changes in the earth's surface.
Geomorphology is the study of the landforms that make up the surface of the Earth.
Geomorphology is the study of the shape of the surface of the earth, and the processes that form it.
Geopathic stress is caused by negative Earth Energies.
Geopathic zones can also be man made.
Geophagy is the practice of eating soil-like substances.
All geophile snails have their eyes on the tips of the larger, upper tentacles.
Geophysics can also identify graves, metal and other buried objects.
Geophysics can help locate faults as well.
Geophysics can mean lots of things, primarily earthquakes, magnetics, and gravity.
Geophysics provides information that is of economic and social benefit.
Geophysics review letters, submitted.
All geophysical data are available for public viewing and copying.
Geophysical evidence reveals the power of the stars and planets in relation to the terrestrial.
Geophysical evidence reveals the power of the stars and the planets in relation to the terrestrial.
Geophysical instruments allow non-destructive, physical measurement of subsurface earth properties.
Geophysical layers feature the regional magnetic and gravity coverages in the digital data package.
Geophysical layers feature the regional magnetic and gravity coverages.
Geophysical mapping is done in conjunction with geological mapping and test drilling.
Geophysical measurements are generally at a particular time and place.
Geophysical methods offer a noninvasive means of measuring subsurface characteristics.
Geophysical observatories research the movements of the Earth's crust.
Many geophysical problems involve the repeated application of identical operators to some data.
Most geophysical problem require some type of regularization.
Geophysical regions are clearly on a very different scale from museum locations.
Geophysical research includes time lapse reservoir monitoring with biannual newsletters.
Geophysical research is concerned with the oceanic crust and upper mantle.
Geophysical studies can be complex in their application and interpretation.
Geophysical survey can be the most effective way to see beneath the ground.
Geophysical survey is the most effective way to see beneath the ground.
Geophysical surveys provide a more sophisticated means of gathering data about the ocean floor.
Geophysical techniques monitor the process.
A geophysicist is a geologist
Geophysicists already eavesdrop on low-frequency vibrations using seismometers.
Geophysicists already know that nearby earthquakes can raise the strain on a fault.
Geophysicists also come from pure physics, pure mathematics or engineering programmes.
Geophysicists also use seismographs.
Geophysicists apply the techniques of mathematics and physics to understanding Earth processes.
Geophysicists are also concerned with understanding the dynamics of the solid earth.
Geophysicists are geologists.
Geophysicists are in demand by industry and jobs are easy to obtain after graduation.
Geophysicists are scientists.
Geophysicists are that way.
Geophysicists are trained mathematicians, physicists and computer specialists.
Geophysicists are workers.
Geophysicists assume the quantitative, physical, and statistical tasks.
Geophysicists can also make maps of other physical properties that rocks show over an area.
Geophysicists can measure the changes in direction to make a magnetostratigraphy for the deposit.
Geophysicists commonly refer to 'typical wavelength' when they mean 'typical spatial scale'.
Geophysicists employ gravitational, electromagnetic, and seismic methods to study the earth.
Geophysicists generally direct their skills toward exploration for oil, gas, and other minerals.
Geophysicists help to decipher the earth's interior and magnetic, electric and gravitational fields.
Geophysicists make pictures of the rock formations beneath the surface of the earth.
Geophysicists object that there is no known mechanism to move solid rock through solid rock.
Geophysicists process the gravity data that evening.
Geophysicists refer to it as a second gold rush.
Geophysicists specialize in areas such as geodesy, seismology, and magnetic geophysics.
Geophysicists study the earth using gravity, magnetic, electrical, and seismic methods.
Geophysicists use a variety of methods, depending on the geological object they wish to visualize.
Geophysicists use remote sensing to detect small movements in the Earth's crust.
Geophysicists work for many different employers.
Geophysicists work outdoors collecting basic data and indoors processing the data.
Geophysicists work with some of the most exciting tools around.
Most geophysicists have far more than basic computer skills.
Most geophysicists think that the core is composed of high density materials like iron and nickel.
A geophyte is a tracheophyte
Geophytes accommodate a high number of medicinal plants.
Geopolitical boundaries are invisible to the Internet.
Geopolitical consensus is needed, which is why a veto remains necessary.
Geopolitical risk is the other obstacle.
Geopolitical stability is, by nature, dependent.
Geopolymeric concrete is durable enough to afford permanent roads and bridges.
Geopolymeric concretes are actually man-made rock.
Geopotential gradient is the sum of gravity and centrifugal force.
Geopotential height approximates the actual height of a pressure surface above mean sea-level.
Georgetown merchants say they count on the tourists the train brings to town.
Most Georgetown undergraduates are underage to consume alcoholic beverages legally.
Georgia isa thing.
Georgian architecture epitomizes the elegance of the era.
Georgian art is characterized by original chasing style, unique fresco and enamel.
Most Georgian banks are able to issue documentary letters of credit.
Georgian barracks contain exhibition of British infantry's history.
Georgian buildings surround Jamaica's only 'green'.
Georgian choreography has a special place in the culture of the country.
Georgian food is also very good.
Georgian food is influenced by several European and Asian cuisines.
Georgian homes are similar to Colonials, but feature richer details and ornamentation.
Georgian journalists are quite happy to reword the statements of our president.
Georgian murals are particularly interesting.
Georgian prisons are over-crowded and lack sufficient funds to be properly maintained.
Georgian refugees are a potent political force for immoderate Georgian nationalists.
Every Georgian verb has a 'root'-a basic word that carries a basic meaning.
Georgian women are the most beautiful in the world.
Georgist remedy is to replace taxes by charges on land and resources.
GEOS accessories are usually very reliable.
Geospacial data is another transitional information source.
Geospactial data is data that models the geography of the earth, usually the surface.
Geospatial analysis is a growing, complex science.
Geospatial data is information based on location.
Some geospatial data are available.
Geospatial information answers the questions who, what, when, and primarily where.
Geospatial metadata provides information about data content, quality, spatial reference, etc.
A geostationary orbit is a geosynchronous orbit
Geostationary orbits are circular orbits that are oriented in the plane of the Earth's equator.
Geostationary orbits are ideal for weather satellites and communications satellites.
Geostationary satellites are satellites.
Geostationary satellites can see each other and so can transmit data from one to another.
Geostationary satellites form a belt around the celestial equator.
Geostationary satellites make detection almost immediate.
Geostationary satellites move in an east-west orbit.
Geostationary satellites offer virtual networks.
Geostationary satellites remain over the equator, stationary with respect to the earth.
Geostationary satellites take photos of the earth at hourly intervals.
Geostationary satellites tend to drift over time from their appointed positions in space.
Geostatistical approach is base on the theory of reagionalised variables.
Geostatistical methods provide additional tools to describe and analyze spatial variability.
Geostatistical simulation provides a very plausible explanation.
Geostrophic flow allows currents to flow long distances with no apparent Coriolis deflection.
Geostrophic turbulence is linked to the earth's rotation.
Geostrophic wind occurs only when isobars are straight and evenly spaced.
Geostrophic winds flow parallel to isobars.
A geosynchronous orbit is an orbit
Geosynchronous orbit allows the uplink and downlink of satellite signals over great distances.
Geosynchronous orbit is when a satellite stays in the same spot.
Geosynchronous orbit lies in the outer portion of the radiation belts.
Geosynchronous orbits are orbits.
Geosynchronous satellites are far less onerous to astronomers, who set up shop in remote sites.
Geosynchronous satellites are high enough to be outside of the Earth's shadow.
Geosynchronous satellites are too high to watch in the same manner as low-orbit satellites.
Geosynchronous satellites are way out there.
Geosynchronous satellites can flare when they approach opposition.
Geosynchronous satellites remain in a constant position over the earth.
Geosynthetic reinforcements are polymer plastic materials in the form of sheets or grids.
Geotechnical considerations feature largely in landfill development.
Geotechnical engineers are at the site to assess the condition of the slope.
Geotechnical engineers design the foundation of structures.
Geotechnical engineers work to make sure that foundations are solid.
Geotechnical engineering deals with all the aspects of soil, rock, and groundwater behavior.
Geotechnical engineering encompasses the areas of soil mechanics and foundation engineering.
Geotechnical engineering has several different aspects.
Geotechnical engineering is the study of soil mechanics and foundations.
Geotechnical information is obtained.
Geotechnical issues vary from project to project.
Geotechnical testing determines if the existing soils can support the highway and bridges.
Geotextile tubes are an ingenious concept that was refined and improved for use as a breakwater.
Geothermal activity abounds around the Lake with boiling mud, steam fields and thermal bathing.
Geothermal activity continues.
Geothermal activity has a great effect on the development of wildlife and vegetation in the area.
Geothermal companies employ some scientists full-time, while others are hired as consultants.
Geothermal deposits are widespread around the world.
Geothermal development requires specialists from many scientific disciplines.
Geothermal development takes places.
Geothermal development threatens many of the world's geysers.
Most geothermal development takes places.
Geothermal emissions consist mostly of water vapor and very little carbon dioxide.
Geothermal energy affects environments.
Geothermal energy appears as stream from deep beneath the earth's surface.
Geothermal energy can contaminate the waste water and make it more difficult for disposal.
Geothermal energy can provide a continuous energy source for a long time.
Geothermal energy comes directly from the natural heat generated within the interior of the earth.
Geothermal energy comes from heat trapped under the earth's surface.
Geothermal energy comes from natural heat below the earth's surface.
Geothermal energy comes from the heat deep within the earth.
Geothermal energy comes from the heat within the earth, and is used to make electricity.
Geothermal energy comes from the heat within the earth.
Geothermal energy contributes a large portion of U.S.energy demand.
Geothermal energy has a very reliable future because it is constantly being produced in the earth.
Geothermal energy is . . . .
Geothermal energy is a clean and inexpensive form of energy used by many countries around the world.
Geothermal energy is a clean renewable energy source.
Geothermal energy is a proven resource for direct heat and power generation.
Geothermal energy is a vast non-polluting source of heat and electricity.
Geothermal energy is a vital part of a sustainable future.
Geothermal energy is America s leading renewable energy export.
Geothermal energy is an unlimited resource .
Geothermal energy is an unlimited resource.
Geothermal energy is available wherever the earth's large oceanic and crystal plates slide apart.
Geothermal energy is derived from hot dry rocks, magma, hot water springs and natural geysers.
Geothermal energy is derived from hot dry rocks, magma, hot water springs, natural geysers, etc.
Geothermal energy is derived from the natural heat of the earth.
Geothermal energy is energy produced from heat contained within the earth.
Geothermal energy is energy.
Geothermal energy is everywhere but mostly at a safe depth.
Geothermal energy is found at only a few special locations.
Geothermal energy is free once the initial buildings and machinery are installed.
Geothermal energy is generated by groundwater in the form of steam.
Geothermal energy is heat derived from the earth.
Geothermal energy is heat energy from deep in the earth.
Geothermal energy is heat from deep in the earth.
Geothermal energy is heat
Geothermal energy is heat.
Geothermal energy is manifested in a variety of forms and geologic settings.
Geothermal energy is nearly as old as the Earth itself.
Geothermal energy is renewable .
Geothermal energy is renewable and emits almost no carbon dioxide.
Geothermal energy is renewable heat energy from deep in the earth.
Geothermal energy is the heat contained below the Earth's crust.
Geothermal energy is the natural heat of the earth stored deep below the earth's surface.
Geothermal energy is thermal energy generated and stored in the Earth.
Geothermal energy is used best in the generation of electricity.
Geothermal energy is used by pumping heat stored in land mass into buildings.
Geothermal energy is used for heating all the houses there plus electricity production.
Geothermal energy is used for heating and cooling systems.
Geothermal energy is usually in the form of hot water or steam.
Geothermal energy lies underneath the hotspots on the surface.
Geothermal energy offers many advantages.
Geothermal energy produces almost no sulfur dioxide emissions and no nitrogen oxides.
Geothermal energy releases gases.
Geothermal energy releases no carbon dioxide and few pollutants compared to fossil fuels.
Geothermal energy releases toxic gases.
Geothermal energy remains a controversial topic on the island.
Geothermal energy represents the leading edge of heating and cooling technology.
Geothermal energy represents the leading edge of home heating and cooling technology.
Geothermal energy seems to be a very likely candidate for many reasons.
Geothermal energy uses effects.
Geothermal energy uses heat from inside the earth to make clean power.
Geothermal energy uses heat.
Geothermal energy uses steam from underground reservoirs to spin electric generation turbines.
Geothermal energy uses the heat from deep underground to make electricity .
Geothermal energy uses the heat from deep underground to make electricity.
Geothermal energy uses the heat in the water to generate steam and drive turbines.
Most geothermal energy affects environments.
Most geothermal energy releases gases.
Most geothermal energy releases toxic gases.
Most geothermal energy uses effects.
Most geothermal energy uses heat.
Some geothermal energy produces steam.
Some geothermal fields have factors.
All geothermal fluid is disposed of in two injection wells.
Geothermal grants are for state and regional resource assessments.
Geothermal heat is utilized for greenhouses, and here is the biggest mushroom factory in Iceland.
Geothermal heat is warm heat.
Geothermal heat keeps the air dry, therefore, limiting bacteria growth.
Geothermal heat pump grouting materials.
Geothermal heat pump heating and cooling central equipment, two years.
Geothermal heat pump manufacturers and importers.
Geothermal heat pumps also.
Geothermal heat pumps use less energy than conventional systems.
Geothermal heat pumps.
Geothermal heating is created from two nearby bogs, with the intention of reducing oil consumption.
Geothermal heating is most cost effective when installed with a new home.
Some geothermal installations use water from ponds or aquifers.
Every geothermal manufacture offers somewhat different products each with different advantages.
Geothermal plants are modular, and can be installed in increments as needed.
Geothermal plants are modular, and can be installed in power increments to fit needs.
Geothermal plants are relatively capital-intensive, with low variable costs and no fuel costs.
Geothermal plants can exist in harmony with the environment as little land is required.
Geothermal plants emit little air pollution and can have minimal impacts on the environment.
Geothermal plants emit little air pollution.
Geothermal plants emit very little air pollution and have minimal impacts on the environment.
Geothermal plants tap into that pressure and use it to spin turbines.
Geothermal plants use heat.
Geothermal plants use natural hot water and steam from the earth to run turbine generators.
Geothermal plants use steam heated naturally underground to turn a turbine.
Many geothermal plants are built in rocky, difficult terrain, which require special procedures.
Most geothermal plants use heat.
Some geothermal plants produce electricity.
Geothermal pools create a kaleidoscope of colour.
Geothermal power plants use heat.
Geothermal power appears to be relatively small.
Geothermal power comes from heat energy buried beneath the surface of the earth.
Geothermal power is also a clean alternative to fossil fuel and nuclear power facilities.
Geothermal power is also an underdeveloped resource in most areas.
Geothermal power is another one that gives out lots of energy.
Geothermal power is homegrown , reducing our dependence on foreign oil.
Geothermal power is natural.
Geothermal power is used for many things in Iceland.
Geothermal power relies on heat deep in the earth to make steam to drive generators.
Geothermal power uses energy from geysers, hot springs, and volcanoes.
Geothermal power uses energy.
Geothermal power uses heat generated by the Earth's core to provide energy.
Most geothermal power uses energy.
Geothermal projects are expensive, and it takes years to build a working geothermal plant.
Geothermal projects have several stages of development.
Many geothermal reserves are found all around the world.
Geothermal resource is tremendous asset.
Geothermal resources are practically inexhaustible and sterile.
Geothermal resources represent an abundant, secure source of energy.
Geothermal resources vary in temperature.
Every geothermal site has a unique set of characteristics and operating conditions.
Geothermal springs are the heart of the resort.
Geothermal steam is used both directly in the mill processes, and in heat exchangers.
Geothermal systems are dependable for decades of cost-effective service with little maintenance.
Geothermal systems use energy stored in the earth to heat and cool buildings.
Geothermal systems work by moving heat, rather than by converting chemical energy to heat.
Geothermal water is a potential source of energy but has been developed only locally in Alaska.
Geothermal water is used to help speed the growth of fish, prawns and alligators.
Geothermal wells are expensive, partly due to the rock formations and high drilling temperatures.
Geothermals systems use the grounds temperature to heat and cool homes and businesses.
GeoTIFF files contain both the .twf information and the binary image in the same .tiff file.
Geotropic stimulation is therefore quite loossible, even when the starch-grains are immovable.
Geotropism isa tropism.
Geranium oil can also cause eye irritation if applied to the face.
Geranium oil can range from very sweet and rosy to musty, mint and green.
Geranium oil can range from very sweet and rosy to musty, minty and green.
Geranium oil can stop bacteria from growing on the skin, like on a wound.
Geranium oil contains compounds.
Geranium oil has a number of external uses.
Geranium oil helps to speed up the healing process of cuts, wounds and incisions.
Geranium oil is distilled from the above-ground parts of the plant.
Geranium oil is extracted through steam distillation of stems and leaves of the geranium plant.
Geranium oil is indispensible for a woman's beauty and hygiene.
Geranium oil offers benefits.
Geranium oil offers certain benefits.
Geranium oil offers certain health benefits.
Geranium oil offers health benefits.
Geranium oil provides benefits.
Geranium oil provides health benefits.
Geranium oil provides numerous benefits.
Most geranium oil contains compounds.
Most geranium oil offers benefits.
Most geranium oil offers certain benefits.
Most geranium oil offers certain health benefits.
Most geranium oil offers health benefits.
Most geranium oil provides benefits.
Most geranium oil provides health benefits.
Most geranium oil provides numerous benefits.
Some geranium oil comes from geranium plants.
Some geranium oil comes from plants.
Some geranium oil has antibacterial properties.
Some geranium oil has properties.
Geranium seeds have coats.
Geranium seeds have hard coats.
Geranium seeds have hard seed coats.
Geranium seeds have seed coats.
A geranium is a herb
Geranium isa herb.
Geranium quells anxiety and allows for greater intimacy to be expressed in relationships.
Geranium reduces stress.
Geraniums are among the most popular flowering plants.
Geraniums are annual plants.
Geraniums are another matter completely.
Geraniums are another one that people like to bring in.
Geraniums are attractive in outdoor planters and tubs.
Geraniums are basically plants from a dry climate although few tolerate arid conditions.
Geraniums are easy to grow and resistant to draught.
Geraniums are easy to grow from seed.
Geraniums are easy to transplant and establish quickly after soils are warm in the spring.
Geraniums are fairly easy to grow from seed, but they are slow growing.
Geraniums are fairly easy to grow from seed.
Geraniums are good, so are day-lilies, tulips, crocuses, and sweet peas.
Geraniums are great for pots on the patio or around the pool.
Geraniums are hardy and work well indoors and out.
Geraniums are herbs.
Geraniums are known aphid repellents.
Geraniums are native to arid areas of South Africa's Cape Province.
Geraniums are native to South Africa.
Geraniums are native to southern Africa and can tolerate extremes in temperatures and moisture.
Geraniums are one of the easiest plants to grow from cuttings and have a high success rate.
Geraniums are one of the easiest plants to start from cuttings.
Geraniums are one of the most popular annual plants grown by gardeners today.
Geraniums are one of the most popular container and garden plants.
Geraniums are one of the most rapidly expanding ornamental garden crops in the United States.
Geraniums are perfect for beds, borders, walkways, and containers.
Geraniums are plants.
Geraniums are plentiful outside and abound within as motifs on everything from carpets to dishes.
Geraniums are pretty much an outdoor plant here in Phoenix.
Geraniums are recognized by their palmately-lobed leaves and distinctive capsules.
Geraniums are red, violets are blue.
Geraniums are soooo easy to grow, look beautiful and just keep on blooming and expanding.
Geraniums are the Germanic choice, but there are so many more plants suitable for window boxes.
Geraniums are the most popular flowers in Andalusia.
Geraniums are traditional Southern-style flowers for gardens, especially container plantings.
Geraniums are usually most accessible and are easy to work with.
Geraniums become tall and spindly when grown without sufficient light.
Geraniums can actually die back and rejuvenate in the spring time.
Geraniums can bloom for months.
Geraniums can live indoors during the winter if given the proper conditions.
Geraniums declare and insist their nascent scent of girl ass superior to any other.
Geraniums explode out of window boxes on virtually every block.
Geraniums flourish in soil that has been tilled and is loose.
Geraniums grow best in full sun .
Geraniums grow best in full sun and loamy, well-drained soil.
Geraniums grow best in full sun in loamy, well drained soil.
Geraniums grow best in full sun.
Geraniums grow best when fertilized at regular intervals.
Geraniums grow from rhizomes.
Geraniums grow from seeds.
Geraniums grow from thick rhizomes.
Geraniums grow in areas.
Geraniums grow in containers.
Geraniums have (part) cell membranes.
Geraniums have (part) cells.
Geraniums have (part) corpi.
Geraniums have (part) cytoplasm.
Geraniums have (part) nuclei.
Geraniums have (part) plasma membranes.
Geraniums have (part) sections.
Geraniums have (part) vacuoles.
Geraniums have (part) vegetables.
Geraniums have a reputation for being old-fashioned or looking rather scrappy.
Geraniums have leaves.
Geraniums interbreed freely with each other, which has resulted in endless crosses and hybrids.
Geraniums look pretty, but the roots of cranesbill contain a powerful ingredient called tannin.
Geraniums lose leaves.
Geraniums make excellent ground covers and also work well as edgings or in borders.
Geraniums make good pot plants.
Geraniums make great flowers for kids.
Geraniums prefer cool indoor temperatures.
Geraniums prefer fertile, well-drained soils that are slightly acidic.
Geraniums prefer full sun and a well-drained, moderately rich soil.
Geraniums prefer to be potbound.
Geraniums prefer to stay relatively dry compared to most plants.
Geraniums produce flowers.
Geraniums produce petals.
Geraniums produce seeds.
Geraniums produce showy flowers.
Geraniums provide good shade and color in both upright and cascading varieties.
Geraniums require little care, once established.
Geraniums respond favorably to having the soil dry out between waterings.
Geraniums respond favorably to having the soil dry out somewhat between each watering.
Geraniums respond well to regular fertilization.
Geraniums retain leaves.
Geraniums take well to being grown in containers.
Geraniums thrive in a wide range of temperatures.
Geraniums tolerate dry soil conditions better than excess moisture.
Geraniums work very well.
Geraniums usually require additional fertilizer during the growing season every four to six weeks.
All geraniums are susceptible.
Many geraniums come with interesting scents as well.
Many Geraniums make excellent ground cover especially the oxianum types.
Most geraniums appreciate a loose, well drained soil.
Most Geraniums are easy to grow, and the majority are reasonably hardy.
Most geraniums grow easily from softwood cuttings taken in spring, summer or fall.
Most geraniums grow from rhizomes.
Most geraniums grow from seeds.
Most geraniums grow from thick rhizomes.
Most geraniums grow in areas.
Most geraniums grow in containers.
Most geraniums have leaves.
Most geraniums lose leaves.
Most geraniums prefer part sun to light shade and are quite tolerant of most garden soils.
Most geraniums produce flowers.
Most geraniums produce petals.
Most geraniums produce seeds.
Most geraniums produce showy flowers.
Some geraniums grow during grow seasons.
Some geraniums grow during seasons.
Some geraniums produce orange.
A gerbil is a mammal
Gerbil isa rodent.
Gerbil -Queer quarterly with delicious wit and sarcasm.
Gerbils adapt to a wide range of ambient temperatures.
Gerbils also enjoy chew sticks, paper towel tubes or tissue boxes.
Gerbils also have a long, hairy tail with a tuft at the end, while mice have almost naked tails.
Gerbils also like to hide and sleep inside enclosed spaces, so place a small box inside their cage.
Gerbils also love cardboard.
Gerbils are a nuisance to look after.
Gerbils are a very active animal.
Gerbils are about the same size as a small hamster.
Gerbils are active, social and curious about their environment.
Gerbils are allergic to sawdust, cedar wood shavings, and sometimes, pinewood shavings.
Gerbils are bright and inquisitive little animals.
Gerbils are burrowers, social and form monogamous pairs.
Gerbils are chewers so the cage needs to be secure enough to prevent an accidental escape.
Gerbils are chewers.
Gerbils are curious and like to watch and be part of the action.
Gerbils are domestic pets.
Gerbils are easy to raise with basic care.
Gerbils are equally active in the day and night.
Gerbils are especially clean animals.
Gerbils are fascinating creatures to watch because of the variety of behaviors they exhibit.
Gerbils are feisty colony animals.
Gerbils are friendly, curious, and nearly never bite when treated well.
Gerbils are furry little creatures with a long tail that has a tuft of fur at the end.
Gerbils are gentle but a little hyper.
Gerbils are highly social animals that form tightly knit family groups called clans.
Gerbils are hunted by birds such as owls and hawks mainly.
Gerbils are inquisitive, playful, curious and friendly animals and fun to watch.
Gerbils are less nippy, but much faster if they get away.
Gerbils are like little clowns - happy, cheerful and bouncy.
Gerbils are mammals that are native to northern China.
Gerbils are mammals.
Gerbils are mostly vegetarian in their feeding habits.
Gerbils are native to Mongolia, where they burrow to escape the desert heat.
Gerbils are naturally shy but are social, inquisitive, and can bond well with their human family.
Gerbils are nocturnal.
Gerbils are noisy, smelly, and bad tempered.
Gerbils are notorious for food hoarding.
Gerbils are one of the cleanest friendlist classroom pets available.
Gerbils are playful, inquisitive, and friendly animals.
Gerbils are popular, easy to care for pets.
Gerbils are prey animals in the wild.
Gerbils are quick to explore new places.
Gerbils are relatively inexpensive to purchase and feed and require only minimal space and care.
Gerbils are rodents.
Gerbils are similar to hamsters in their needs.
Gerbils are slightly smaller.
Gerbils are small desert rodents.
Gerbils are small, sleek rodents with large black or pinkish eyes.
Gerbils are social animals in the wild and tend to fair better when coupled with another.
Gerbils are social animals that often live in large communities.
Gerbils are social animals which tend to cohabitate well together.
Gerbils are social animals, and live in groups in the wild.
Gerbils are social animals, so it's best to get at least two.
Gerbils are such insistent gnawers that they can destroy a plastic habitat.
Gerbils are susceptible to experimental infections with many viruses.
Gerbils are sweet animals that can be a lot of fun.
Gerbils are the easiest of the rodents as far as maintenance.
Gerbils are the most common rodents to be allegedly inserted.
Gerbils are tremendously intelligent animals, both in their natural environments and in captivity.
Gerbils are typical desert animals.
Gerbils are up in the day and they are very entertaining.
Gerbils are usually friendly, so they also make nice pets for children.
Gerbils are very affectionate rodents and enjoy giving and receiving love.
Gerbils are very curious and active.
Gerbils are very curious and sit on their haunches to view their surroundings.
Gerbils are very friendly creatures that like to be picked up and held.
Gerbils are very intelligent, and capable of developing individual characteristics.
Gerbils are very intelligent, entertaining animals that love to play.
Gerbils are very social creatures so ideally live in pairs or colonies.
Gerbils are warm blooded and are mammals.
Gerbils attain maturity.
Gerbils attain sexual maturity.
Gerbils breed at night.
Gerbils breed readily in the laboratory environment.
Gerbils can also catch flu.
Gerbils can be a lot of fun and love, if the proper care is given.
Gerbils can be great first pets for children.
Gerbils can be sensitive to bright lights, loud noises, people, or animals.
Gerbils can become extremely tame and are really perfect pets.
Gerbils can easily get their feet caught in wire.
Gerbils can have a litter once a month.
Gerbils can hop, using their long tail as a balance.
Gerbils can jump out of ten-gallon tanks quite easily.
Gerbils can provide hours of entertainment for anyone, and they are a delight to own.
Gerbils can sometimes loose teeth.
Gerbils can squeeze through very small spaces and are great jumpers.
Gerbils can swim quite well.
Gerbils come in a variety of colors, but usually have white fur on their belly.
Gerbils commonly develop hair loss on the nose and muzzle with open lesions and crusting.
Gerbils conserve both water and fat extremely well.
Gerbils contain about a quart of blood.
Gerbils create a good deal of dust from their chewed-up nesting material.
Gerbils display symptoms of stress in ways similar to other mammals.
Gerbils do tolerate a wide range of temperatures and have very few natural diseases.
Gerbils eat a mix of rodent pellets, seeds, fruits and vegetables, and insects.
Gerbils eat favorite food.
Gerbils eat food.
Gerbils eat grain.
Gerbils eat vegetables.
Gerbils enjoy running around it - lots of scope for exercise.
Gerbils enjoy sunflower seeds, alfalfa pellets, vegetables and nuts.
Gerbils establish colonies.
Gerbils excrete little urine, and fecal pellets are hard and dry.
Gerbils find food.
Gerbils follow their instinct and keep their nest clean by eating dead or sick pups.
Gerbils gain weight.
Gerbils get reproductive when they reach sexual maturity at the age of three months.
Gerbils give birth to offspring.
Gerbils has-part glands.
Gerbils has-part nipples.
Gerbils has-part tails.
Gerbils has-part teeth.
Gerbils have (part) brains.
Gerbils have (part) breasts.
Gerbils have (part) cell membranes.
Gerbils have (part) cells.
Gerbils have (part) chest cavities.
Gerbils have (part) chests.
Gerbils have (part) corpi.
Gerbils have (part) cytoplasm.
Gerbils have (part) ears.
Gerbils have (part) faces.
Gerbils have (part) heads.
Gerbils have (part) nuclei.
Gerbils have (part) pedal extremities.
Gerbils have (part) piluses.
Gerbils have (part) plasma membranes.
Gerbils have (part) rib cages.
Gerbils have (part) sections.
Gerbils have (part) skulls.
Gerbils have (part) sterna.
Gerbils have (part) vacuoles.
Gerbils have (part) vertebrate feet.
Gerbils have a large, ventral abdominal marking gland that is androgen dependent.
Gerbils have behavior.
Gerbils have coat color.
Gerbils have color.
Gerbils have different personalities than hamsters.
Gerbils have few spontaneous illnesses.
Gerbils have fur on their tails.
Gerbils have fur.
Gerbils have glands.
Gerbils have growth.
Gerbils have keen hearing.
Gerbils have large eyes and ears and long hind legs.
Gerbils have metabolism.
Gerbils have much less odor than other rodents, such as rats and mice.
Gerbils have some form of colour vision, but it is quite dissimilar to human vision.
Gerbils have tails.
Gerbils have tendencies.
Gerbils have very few diseases and are very healthy.
Gerbils have years.
Gerbils inhabit clay and sandy deserts, bush country, and arid steppes.
Gerbils inhabit regions.
Gerbils inhabit steppe regions.
Gerbils instinctively take good care of their offspring, and no owner intervention is required.
Gerbils like to explore their environments.
Gerbils live a happy and active but short life.
Gerbils live in burrows.
Gerbils live in climates.
Gerbils live in deserts and grasslands.
Gerbils live in dry climates.
Gerbils live in habitats.
Gerbils love hammocks and rope toys.
Gerbils love seeds.
Gerbils love to chew.
Gerbils love to dig and tunnel, creating different rooms underground.
Gerbils love to dig.
Gerbils love to hoard food in large stores.
Gerbils love to run, tunnel and explore.
Gerbils love treats.
Gerbils make a high pitched squeak - but mainly as youngsters.
Gerbils make great pets for both adults and children.
Gerbils make very good pets.
Gerbils make waste.
Gerbils mark their territory by rubbing their scent gland on it.
Gerbils mate for life, in pairs or triads.
Gerbils mate the night of the birth.
Gerbils means reality and surety.
Gerbils mostly survive off of the food available in their area.
Gerbils naturally eat seeds of various grasses, bulbs and a range of leaves and herbs.
Gerbils need diets.
Gerbils normally live longer than mice, rats, hamsters and other small pets.
Gerbils occupy regions.
Gerbils place beans in center, red beans win, a poor gerbil is excommunicated.
Gerbils possess fur.
Gerbils possess offspring.
Gerbils reach maturity.
Gerbils reach sexual maturity.
Gerbils receive water.
Gerbils rely on senses.
Gerbils represent few potential health hazards to people keeping the animal as a pet.
Gerbils require food.
Gerbils require fresh food and water every day.
Gerbils require much water.
Gerbils require sandbathing to keep their coats from becoming oily.
Gerbils require water.
Gerbils resemble rats.
Gerbils seem prone to stroke.
Gerbils show behavior.
Gerbils spend much of their time foraging.
Gerbils stop producing young around the age of two and a half years.
Gerbils suffering from colds tend to shiver and huddle up, in an effort to stay warm.
Gerbils take care.
Gerbils tend to be extremely aggressive towards other small rodents.
Gerbils tend to be happier with more than one mate in their cage.
Gerbils tend to be sensitive to loud sounds and sudden movement.
Gerbils tend to eliminate in one area of the cage, keeping the rest of the cage fairly clean.
Gerbils tend to get their tails caught between the bars.
Gerbils tend to live in family groups in the wild.
Gerbils test their enclosures constantly.
Gerbils thrive in solid bottom cages with deep bedding and ample nesting material.
Gerbils use methods.
Gerbils use water.
Gerbils walk and scamper on all four limbs and flee in running leaps when alarmed.
Gerbils weigh ounces.
Gerbils will have bellies.
Gerbils will have black eyes.
Gerbils will have eyes.
Gerbils will have ruby eyes.
Gerbils will have white bellies.
Gerbils often live together in large colonies.
Gerbils usually give birth in the early hours of the morning and labour can last for a few hours.
Gerbils usually live for three to four years.
Gerbils usually live to be about three years old.
Gerbils usually stay near their burrow system, also when they are foraging.
All gerbils are adapted to arid habitats .
All gerbils are adapted to arid habitats.
All gerbils do.
All Gerbils do.
All gerbils have a scent gland in the middle of their tummy.
All gerbils share the same basic body plan.
Most gerbils are allergic to the oils in cedar, and some are also sensitive to pine.
Most gerbils are diurnal , some are crepuscular .
Most gerbils are diurnal, some are crepuscular.
Most gerbils attain maturity.
Most gerbils attain sexual maturity.
Most Gerbils become sexually mature by the age of three months old.
Most gerbils eat favorite food.
Most gerbils eat food.
Most gerbils eat grain.
Most gerbils eat vegetables.
Most gerbils establish colonies.
Most gerbils find food.
Most gerbils gain weight.
Most gerbils give birth to offspring.
Most gerbils has-part glands.
Most gerbils has-part nipples.
Most gerbils has-part tails.
Most gerbils has-part teeth.
Most gerbils have behavior.
Most gerbils have coat color.
Most gerbils have color.
Most gerbils have fur.
Most gerbils have glands.
Most gerbils have growth.
Most gerbils have metabolism.
Most gerbils have tails.
Most gerbils have tendencies.
Most gerbils have years.
Most gerbils inhabit regions.
Most gerbils inhabit steppe regions.
Most gerbils live in burrows.
Most gerbils live in climates.
Most gerbils live in dry climates.
Most gerbils live in habitats.
Most gerbils live three to four years and have few health problems.
Most gerbils make waste.
Most gerbils occupy regions.
Most gerbils possess fur.
Most gerbils possess offspring.
Most gerbils reach maturity.
Most gerbils reach sexual maturity.
Most gerbils receive water.
Most gerbils rely on senses.
Most gerbils require food.
Most gerbils require much water.
Most gerbils require water.
Most gerbils resemble rats.
Most gerbils show behavior.
Most gerbils sleep and wake in short cycles throughout the day and night.
Most gerbils take care.
Most gerbils use methods.
Most gerbils use water.
Most gerbils weigh ounces.
Some gerbils also enjoy having access to an exercise wheel.
Some gerbils are member of families.
Some gerbils can be aggressive, especially when being picked up, or startled.
Some gerbils carry rabies.
Some gerbils construct burrows.
Some gerbils develop cysts.
Some gerbils develop tumors.
Some gerbils dig burrows.
Some gerbils dig soil.
Some gerbils eat nuts.
Some gerbils get boxes.
Some gerbils get cancer.
Some gerbils have babies.
Some gerbils have bottles.
Some gerbils have nipples.
Some gerbils have patches.
Some gerbils hide in sand.
Some gerbils ingest plastic.
Some gerbils keep beds.
Some gerbils live in colonies.
Some gerbils live in sand.
Some gerbils lose weight.
Some gerbils love baths.
Some gerbils make burrows.
Some gerbils move arms.
Some gerbils possess babies.
Some gerbils reach ages.
Some gerbils receive experiments.
Some gerbils require beds.
Some gerbils require homes.
Some gerbils sell in pet shops.
Some gerbils sell in shops.
Some gerbils show symptoms.
Some gerbils steal food.
Some gerbils suffer injuries.
Some gerbils suffer serious injuries.
Some gerbils thrive in sand.
Some gerbils use long tails.
Some gerbils use tails.
Some gerbils watch gerbils.
GERD patients are often asthmatics and vice versa.
GERD patients range from infants to the elderly.
Most GERD sufferers have frequent, severe heartburn.
Gerenuk courtship is similar to that of other gazelles.
Gerenuk families have territory rules that they adhere by.
Gerenuk gazelles have long tongues.
Gerenuk gazelles have necks.
Gerenuk gazelles have tongues.
Most gerenuk gazelles have long tongues.
Most gerenuk gazelles have necks.
Most gerenuk gazelles have tongues.
Gerenuk moms are supermoms.
Gerenuk isa antelope.
Gerenuks are adaptable eaters.
Gerenuks feed on acacias.
Gerenuks have (part) brains.
Gerenuks have (part) breasts.
Gerenuks have (part) cannon bones.
Gerenuks have (part) cell membranes.
Gerenuks have (part) cells.
Gerenuks have (part) chest cavities.
Gerenuks have (part) chests.
Gerenuks have (part) corpi.
Gerenuks have (part) cytoplasm.
Gerenuks have (part) ears.
Gerenuks have (part) faces.
Gerenuks have (part) heads.
Gerenuks have (part) hip sockets.
Gerenuks have (part) hoofs.
Gerenuks have (part) nuclei.
Gerenuks have (part) piluses.
Gerenuks have (part) plasma membranes.
Gerenuks have (part) rib cages.
Gerenuks have (part) second stomachs.
Gerenuks have (part) sections.
Gerenuks have (part) skulls.
Gerenuks have (part) sterna.
Gerenuks have (part) vacuoles.
Gerenuks have horns.
Gerenuks have offspring.
Gerenuks have skulls.
Gerenuks live in small groups of two to twelve animals.
Gerenuks live in small groups, some made up of females and their young and other exclusively males.
Most gerenuks have horns.
Most gerenuks have offspring.
Most gerenuks have skulls.
Some gerenuks feed on shrubs.
Some gerenuks have glands.
Some gerenuks hide in bushes.
Some gerenuks stand on hind limbs.
Some gerenuks stand on limbs.
Geriatric animals are at the end of their reproductive years.
Geriatric assessment can identify the level of care that a patient needs.
Geriatric awareness awakens beautiful and vivid memories of each event.
Geriatric cats are in the stage of life in which the aging process is affecting every organ.
Geriatric cats develop problems associated with aging.
Geriatric clients are at a greater risk of developing ototoxicity.
Geriatric clients are at greater risk of developing bradycardia.
Geriatric clients are more likely to experience confusion, dizziness, hypotension, and sedation.
Geriatric clients are more prone to the sedative and hypotensive effects.
Geriatric clients are twice as sensitive as younger clients to the effects of the drug.
Geriatric clients are vulnerable.
Geriatric clients eliminate norfloxacin more slowly.
Geriatric clients have an increased risk of bleeding during therapy.
Geriatric clients show a longer duration of neuromuscular blockade.
Geriatric consultants specialize in care.
Most geriatric consultants specialize in care.
Geriatric content is integrated throughout the basic and behavioral sciences in year two.
Geriatric depression refers to the complicated relationship between depression, illness, and death.
Geriatric depression responds well to treatment.
Geriatric dogs are a diverse group and are best fed as individuals.
Geriatric evaluations are also available.
Geriatric experience is mandatory.
Some geriatric horses perform jobs.
Geriatric massage helps an aging body stay active, achieve flexibility and maintain good posture.
Geriatric medicine has to date focused on dealing with chronic and acute conditions in the elderly.
Geriatric medicine is a discipline that focuses on the medical care of the elderly.
Geriatric medicine is especially important given the phenomenon of aging populations.
Geriatric medicine needs to be interwoven with expertise from many disciplines.
Geriatric patients are less like each other and much more individualism of care is needed.
Geriatric patients are more likely to experience such adverse reactions.
Geriatric patients are more vulnerable to the adverse effects of drugs.
Geriatric patients benefit from gentle manipulation and mobilization of the spine and extremities.
Geriatric patients do often suffer from several diseases and use many different medicines.
Geriatric patients have cardiovascular diseases.
Geriatric patients have diseases.
Geriatric patients prefer to live at home where they have an improved sense of well-being.
Most geriatric patients have cardiovascular diseases.
Most geriatric patients have diseases.
Geriatric pets are vulnerable to overheating as well.
Geriatric psychiatrists are a new subspecialty.
Geriatric psychiatrists are geriatricians.
Geriatric psychiatrists are psychiatrists.
Geriatric psychiatrists concentrate on helping the elderly.
Geriatric psychiatrists specialize in recognizing and treating depression in older adults.
Geriatric psychiatry is one possibility for specialization.
Geriatric research comprises studies on elderly people and their diseases.
Geriatric social workers help citizens.
Geriatric social workers help senior citizens.
Some geriatric symptoms relate to deficits.
Geriatric syndromes are complex and cross over multiple organ systems.
Geriatric syndromes reflect the presence of common chronic conditions in the elderly population.
A geriatrician is a specialist
Geriatricians agree that overeating is an enemy of longevity.
Geriatricians are doctors.
Geriatricians are medical doctors who are specially trained in the care of older adults.
Geriatricians have expertise in caring for multiple issues that are prevalent among older adults.
Geriatricians specialize in the care of older adults.
Geriatricians treat people with very special needs.
Germ cell division involves fission.
A germ cell is a cell
Germ cell develop at both ends of the egg.
Germ cells are capable of mitosis to perpetuate the cell line and meiosis to produce gametes.
Germ cells are cells which become the embryo that develops in the womb.
Germ cells are different from somatic cells in a critical way.
Germ cells are eukaryotic cells.
Germ cells are more likely to be killed by DNA damage than to be mutated.
Germ cells are primitive cells that go to the ovary very early in life.
Germ cells are reproductive cells that develop into testicles in males and ovaries in females.
Germ cells are reproductive cells, that is, eggs or sperm.
Germ cells are reproductive cells, that is, either sperm or eggs.
Germ cells are responsible for transmitting genes to the next generation of an organism.
Germ cells are the cells in the testes that make sperm and in the ovaries make eggs.
Germ cells are the cells of the embryo which give rise to gametes.
Germ cells are the cells that produce sperm or eggs.
Germ cells are the progenitors of all cell types in metazoan organisms.
Germ cells complete multiple events to form functional oocytes and sperm.
Germ cells contain material in the cytoplasm called germ plasm.
Germ cells develop while the child is still in the womb.
Germ cells form amid the embryonic endoderm.
Germ cells navigate through and along different tissue to reach the somatic part of the gonad.
Germ cells occupy a central position in animal development, heredity, and evolution.
Germ cells play central roles in animal development, heredity, and evolution.
Germ cells produce gametes and are the only cells that can undergo meiosis as well as mitosis .
Germ growth can lead to odor problems and create an unhealthy restroom environment.
A germ plasm is a protoplasm
Germ plasm is a common feature within animal embryos.
Germ plasm is localized to one side of the division plane during early cell divisions.
Some germ tubes cause infection.
Germ warfare is war
Germ warfare sounds really dangerous, if it was to ever break out.
Germ causes diseases.
Germ causes infection.
Germ causes similar symptoms.
Germ causes skin infection.
Germ causes symptoms.
Germ enters tracts.
Germ enters urinary tracts.
Germ has (part) cell membranes.
Germ has (part) cells.
Germ has (part) corpi.
Germ has (part) cytoplasm.
Germ has (part) nuclei.
Germ has (part) plasma membranes.
Germ has (part) sections.
Germ has (part) vacuoles.
Germ has necessary nutrients.
Germ has nutrients.
Germ is inspiration
Germ is located in doctors.
Germ is located in mouths.
Germ is located in water.
Germ is microorganisms.
Germ is structures.
Germ isa microorganism.
Germ undergoes meiosis.
Germs also come from objects that have been contaminated by an infected person.
Germs also grow well in other foods kept warm in the Danger Zone .
Germs are a natural part of the environment.
Germs are abundant everywhere, especially in situations such as daycare or preschool.
Germs are active in the body.
Germs are bacteria , viruses , or fungi .
Germs are bacteria or viruses so small they are invisible to the naked eye.
Germs are bacteria, viruses, or fungi.
Germs are Everwhere.
Germs are everywhere.
Germs are extremely temperature sensitive.
Germs are found all over the world, in all kinds of places.
Germs are merely the opportunistic vectors of disease.
Germs are mostly airborne or spread by germ-covered hands.
Germs are only the accompaniment of diseased conditions.
Germs are so small and sneaky that they creep into our bodies without being noticed.
Germs are so small and sneaky that they creep into our systems without being noticed.
Germs are the cause of disease.
Germs are tiny bugs which make people sick.
Germs are tiny living things that are found everywhere - in air, soil and water.
Germs are tiny organisms that creep into our bodies and attack our immune system .
Germs are unpredictable and a bitch to work with.
Germs are very small but they can cause people to be very sick.
Germs are very small organisms, or living things, that can cause people to get sick.
Germs are virtually everywhere - at home, at work, at school and outdoors.
Germs are what makes ticks so scary.
Germs attack the weakest part of the body.
Germs build up in the moray s mouth and get in the wound from the bite.
Germs can also spread in sweat, saliva, and blood.
Germs can also spread through animal and insect bites, kissing and sexual contact.
Germs can also thrive in sponges and towels.
Germs can become resistant to the drugs, which has become an increasing problem.
Germs can cause an infection called an abscess.
Germs can cause an infection inside the tooth.
Germs can cause colitis.
Germs can change shape, join together, separate again and return to their primordial condition.
Germs can contaminate surfaces and objects around the pool and spread disease.
Germs can contaminate surfaces and objects around the water.
Germs can easily get into the uterus from other parts of the body.
Germs can enter through the open wound.
Germs can even become resistant to many antibiotics.
Germs can get in the body that way, too.
Germs can grow below the plug, causing redness, swelling, and pimples.
Germs can grow rapidly in space and create a health hazard.
Germs can grow very quickly in foods that are left out to get warm.
Germs can hide in the cracks.
Germs can hitch a ride, too.
Germs can infect through a soaked bandage faster than through a dry one.
Germs can multiply on dishes left soaking in dishwater.
Germs can soon grow on food which is left standing at room temperature.
Germs can spread through the Eustachian tube into the middle ear due to being ill.
Germs can spread to surfaces and objects in and around the pool and spread illness.
Germs can spread to surfaces and objects in and around the pool and spread ilness.
Germs can transmit disease.
Germs can, however, be biologically sexist in the damage they do.
Germs carried by rats, fleas and other insects, rapidly multiply.
Germs cause a lot of infectious illness.
Germs cause cavities, colds and flu, stomachaches, and chicken pox.
Germs cause food borne illness or food poisoning.
Germs come from direct contact with infected animals.
Germs come from soil, air, food, water, milk, feces.
Germs contracted by a child is passed onto the mother through the breastfeeding process.
Germs enter the body through the nose or mouth, lodging in the throat.
Germs go down the drain.
Germs grow and the infection gets worse.
Germs have a field day.
Germs have no means of locomotion except to attach themselves to particles of dust.
Germs have no means of locomotion execpt to attach themselves to particles of dust.
Germs have no means of locomotion expect to attach themselves to particles of dust.
Germs have nothing to do with marking, and beyond that urine is a sterile fluid baring infection.
Germs have personalities.
Germs hide in the cracks.
Germs hitchhike under and around the fingernails, where normal hand washing fails to reach.
Germs kill people.
Germs live everywhere.
Germs live in garden or potting soil.
Germs love humid air.
Germs pass easily from one person to another on things like papers and folders.
Germs proliferate where there is warmth and stagnation.
Germs then begin to grow in the trapped secretions in the lungs.
Germs thrive in stagnant air.
Germs thrive in the high sugar content of blood and body fluids.
Germs thrive in warm, wet, and stuffy places.
Germs travel easily from one person to another via our hands-spreading colds and flu.
Germs travel fast among children.
Germs travel from one person to another.
Germs travel from one person's hands, towels, or linens to the next person.
Germs sometimes find homes inside our bodies.
Many germs can linger in a bird s food dish.
Many germs live in our bodies or are common in our surroundings.
Many germs love it hot.
Most germ causes similar symptoms.
Most germ causes skin infection.
Most germ causes symptoms.
Most germ has necessary nutrients.
Most germ has nutrients.
Most germs are spread through the air in sneezes, coughs, or even breaths.
Some germ causes cholera.
Some germ causes death.
Some germ causes disease outbreaks.
Some germ causes outbreaks.
Some germ causes serious disease outbreaks.
Some germ causes serious outbreaks.
Some germ contains fiber.
Some germ produces powerful toxins.
Some germ produces toxins.
Some germs are more stubborn to get rid of than others.
Some germs become resistant through mutation.
Some germs can form protective shells, or spores, to allow survival outside the host.
Some germs can live for days outside the body of the sick person that they come from.
Some germs can survive on their own while others prefer living in people or animals.
Some germs cause disease.
Some germs directly transfer their resistance to others.
Some germs exist in food and untreated water.
Some germs live in body fluids like mucus, pus, and stool.
Some germs live only in hot areas of the world while others live only in cold areas.
German adjectives have to agree with the noun in number, gender AND in case.
All German advice is more or less mixed.
German agriculturists use a lot of rape.
German armies march into Russia.
German army invades Poland.
German army occupies most of Italy.
German artillery opens up, burning several vehicles.
German artists use models as their art.
Every German artist seems to have spent vacations here.
German astronomers have different ideas.
German astronomers have ideas.
Most german astronomers have different ideas.
Most german astronomers have ideas.
Some german astronomers make measurements.
Some german astronomers predict existence.
German authors tend to philosophize, but the movie has cut that to an acceptable level.
German authorities are especially brutal in the measures they employ before and during deportations.
German authorities are unable to conduct their investigations on Czech territory.
German authorities believe the two pose no further terrorist threat.
German banks warn that it is a highly speculative investment.
German beer contains more radioactive isotopes than American beer.
German beer is a tasty and filling dinner.
German beer is clearly the beverage of choice, with hundreds of varieties produced.
German beer is good, Munich beer is divine.
German beers are always on tap, so get ready for a total German experience.
German bid is doubled for purposes of seeing who goes first, so Germany wins initiative.
Some german biologists suggest types.
Some german blacksmiths build cages.
German bombers ruin British cities in attempt to obtain British surrender before U.S. entry.
German Bonds Click on the image to return.
Some german botanists find behaviour.
German bread is a lunch unto itself.
German bread is more flavorful and crispy.
German breads are famous for their hearty texture and rich taste.
All German breads boast an abundance of vitamins, mineral salts, protein and carbohydrates.
German brides carry bread and salt on their wedding day to symbolize wealth and good fortune.
German bullets are unable to penetrate water.
German bureaucrats are no longer what they are reputed to be.
German canvas is the favorate of restorers as well as customizers.
German capital is replaced by Belgian and French capital.
German cars are cars.
German cars are european cars.
German cars are the the elite in performance and luxury for the entire automotive industry.
German cars get the nod when money is no object.
German cars have a different feel than cars from Japan and America.
German cars have higher quality.
German cars sold in the United States become more expensive.
German cars use too much gas Bonn.
German chamomile eases stress and promotes relaxation.
German chamomile helps inflammation of acne.
German chamomile is a bushy beauty that's a favorite among bees and butterflies.
German chamomile is known as Matricaria recutita or Matricaria chamomilla.
German chamomile is relatively easy to grow but prefers cooler climates.
German chamomile is useful for hay fever and asthma.
German chef offers eclectic and original dishes.
Some german chemists realize products.
German children wear short pants, bright suspenders, and colorful hats with long feathers.
Most German children go to the public schools which are funded by federal taxes.
German china is very famous.
German chocolate is very popular around the world.
German church confesses it used forced laborers during war.
German churches face growing financial pressures.
German citizens are also guaranteed access to the data to ensure that it is correct.
German citizens are among the most sensible about ecological questions.
German citizens are at liberty to enter Hungary without a passport, only with their identity cards.
German citizens are people.
Every German citizen has a smart card for health insurance.
Most German citizens have a health care smart card.
German cities display a better urban design than, say, the cobbled, Vespa-littered streets of Rome.
German cities subsidize opera, one of the finest and most expensive of the arts.
German civilians begin to agitate for peace, change.
German civilization is destroyed.
German civilization is studied within the framework of the text and supplementary films.
German class does a lot for poor, self-important philosophy . . .
German club gets a start with students .
German cockroaches are by far the most common species of roach that infest homes or restaurants.
German cockroaches are known for their ability to reproduce quickly.
German cockroaches are mainly active at night, when they search for food and water.
German cockroaches are omnivorous scavengers .
German cockroaches are one of the most challenging insects to control.
German cockroaches are the most prolific breeder among all cockroaches.
German cockroaches are the most prolific of the pest cockroach species.
German cockroaches are the most widely transported insect pest in the world.
German cockroaches are the number one roaches found in homes in large numbers.
German cockroaches begin life as eggs within an egg casing known as an ootheca.
German cockroaches begin life.
German cockroaches breed continually.
German cockroaches breed continuously with many overlapping generations present at any one time.
German cockroaches can live and breed by the thousands in areas where humans live and work.
German cockroaches can live in almost any room of a home or building.
German cockroaches can multiply very quickly and become a nuisance in large numbers.
German cockroaches have a tendency to live in areas where food is prepared, such as the kitchen.
German cockroaches have developmental stages.
German cockroaches have distinct life stages.
German cockroaches have distinct stages.
German cockroaches have life stages.
German cockroaches have stages.
German cockroaches have wings.
German cockroaches prefer a warm, moist environment.
German cockroaches prefer dark, warm, humid areas near sources of food and water.
German cockroaches produce a large number of nymphs in each ootheca .
German cockroaches produce odorous secretions that can affect the flavor of various foods.
German cockroaches produce secretion.
German cockroaches reproduce rapidly.
German cockroaches show behavior.
German cockroaches show different behavior.
German cockroaches thrive in undisturbed, protected habitats that contain food and water.
German cockroachs are cockroachs.
German cockroachs are insects.
Most german cockroaches begin life.
Most german cockroaches have developmental stages.
Most german cockroaches have distinct life stages.
Most german cockroaches have distinct stages.
Most german cockroaches have life stages.
Most german cockroaches have stages.
Most german cockroaches have wings.
Most german cockroaches produce secretion.
Most german cockroaches show different behavior.
Some german cockroaches become adults.
Some german cockroaches enter facilities.
Some german cockroaches enter such facilities.
Some german cockroaches have black race stripes.
Some german cockroaches have black stripes.
Some german cockroaches have insect metamorphosis.
Some german cockroaches have metamorphosis.
Some german cockroaches have race stripes.
Some german cockroaches have stripes.
Some german cockroaches undergo distinct phases.
Some german cockroaches undergo phases.
Some german cockroaches use wings.
German Coin Grading German coin grading is no simple matter.
Most German commentators agree.
German companies are a major employer in the United States.
German companies are also involved'.
German companies emphasise strategic decentralising and human resource innovations.
German companies lag their American counterparts in the information age.
German company offers software products, results of competitions, news and links.
German company sells regularly second hand tyres to South and Southeast Asia.
Many German competitors add paraffin-based oils to their snuffs.
German consumers give out eight thousand million Marks for fresh cut flowers annually.
German cooking is usually tasty and boasts a very rich variety of sausages.
German courses are ca.
German court clears way to import four baby elephants.
German court convicts ex-online manager in child porn case .
German courts decide the same way in cases of price reduction in construction and similar contracts.
German craftsmanship is expensive to repair.
German creatine is, of course, the most effective and expensive creatine in the world.
German cuisine is no longer what is often presented in the textbooks.
German culture comes into focus in episode four, which explores the route from Bonn to Berlin.
German culture continues to be an integral part of the course.
German culture creates more obedience than American.
German culture is integrated into the class.
German culture is made fun of and marginalized through riducule of the German language .
German culture is oriented around consensus and rules.
German culture is studied through a systematic approach to the development of syntax and style.
German culture is studied through systematic approach to the development of syntax and style.
German culture moves at a somewhat slower pace.
German deserts consist of compote, custards, puddings or pastries.
German design is usually very pure, and sparse, and solid and functional.
German detectives are to check out the results of the investigation.
German dialects vary in vocabulary, syntax and even grammar.
German dialects vary.
German disks start flyovers over United States.
German dolls have a number of distinguishing characteristics.
German doors are masculine because they lead the way in and out.
German drivers are often breathtakingly arrogant and ill-mannered.
German economy continues to grow Wiesbaden.
German empires have positions.
Most german empires have positions.
German engineers are already in position.
German engineers bridge an anti-tank ditch as German armor advances.
German engineers make improvement.
German engineers make notable improvement.
Most german engineers make improvement.
Most german engineers make notable improvement.
German exports are in high gear again.
German exporters are among the main players.
German factories have the necessary raw materials at their disposal.
German faculty teach all courses.
German faculty teaches all courses.
German faculty utilize traditional lecture teaching methods.
German families haul bags of merchandise from shop to shop.
German fantasy is rooted in the urge to have sex freely.
German farmers settle in Illinois, Wisconsin, and Missouri.
German film has a variable track record in getting onto the international market.
German financing is available.
German firm opens solar powered water purification station.
German firms are open to cooperation in all sectors of the economy.
German firms develop magnetic tape for sound recordings.
German firms tend to be lean and very technological.
German food is a different story.
German football is still horrendous to watch.
German footballers are past masters at delivering success in an almost metronome-like fashion.
German forces are well-established in the south and centre of Norway and have control of the air.
German forces are, as a result, badly equipped.
German forces invade and occupy Albania.
German forces maintain the drive on Moscow, using schnapps and vodka to heat their vehicles.
German forces surrender in Italy.
German forces use it on various occasions.
German friends say that their sons benefit enormously from the experience.
German friendships provide a substantial amount of commitment and support.
Many German games seem to drape a theme on top of an abstract game system.
German gas is a few cents less.
Some german geologists study scars.
German girl wears old lady's hat on beach run.
German government defends 'Internet tax' plan.
German government intends to prohibit the import of dangerous fight dogs Berlin.
German government intends to relax the laws governing store hours Berlin.
German guards begin to defect.
German guide can visit Indian lab of the student.
German history is pregnant with good business advice.
German history is still evident throughout the town in the architecture, the culture and the food.
German History provides an overview of sites with historical content.
Every German home carries an assortment of herbal remedies anyway.
German hookers are fairly attractive and, unfortunately, terrible in bed.
German hospitality allows the U.S. to station a large contingent of troops on German soil.
German house offers singles.
German humor is often rather scatological.
German identity is thus the last boundary separating Saxons from Romanians.
German immigrants begin to arrive in numbers at Halifax.
German immigrants seek safety in America after collapse of revolutionary movement in Germany.
German imperialism is the thorn in the flesh of the Russian Revolution.
German industry feels that's about what it can afford.
German industry speaks over tv-advertising.
German inflation begins.
German inflation is at a seven year high.
German influence is still quite noticeable today.
German influence shows in the cupholders.
German inventors devise ways.
Most german inventors devise ways.
German investors make up about a third.
German ivy forms thick blankets which cut off light and air to plants which it covers.
German journalists talk about challenges of bringing the east and the west together.
All German labor does, really, is to raise wages.
German Landing Barges German officers.
German language consists of three boxes of untranslated sermons and addresses.
German language courses all year round.
German language is available at any level.
German language is essential.
German language is language.
German language is optional.
German language is required.
German language is taught at all levels.
German language is taught through two types of class.
German language is very precise with many technical terms.
German language is vital for the study of music, philosophy, art, film.
German law allows a criminal trial to proceed at the same time as asylum proceedings.
German law allows the prohibition of groups that seek to disrupt the constitutional order.
German law applies.
German law defines a slave laborer as someone forced to work in a concentration camp or ghetto.
German law forbids such transfers.
German law is very generous when it comes to maternity and paternity leave.
German law provides for employees to serve on corporate boards.
German law provides for the free immigration of all who can prove that they are of German blood.
German law provides the only legal frame applicable.
German law requires stores be closed on Sundays.
German law requires that after reprocessing, the waste be returned to Germany.
German law requires women to attend counseling before having an abortion.
German law restricts the book's availability, but it can be sold to legitimate students.
German laws impose strict regulations on the treatment of personal data.
German laws provide workers extensive protection against layoffs.
German laws require apprenticeships in many fields, and businesses cooperate to enforce the system.
German laws restrict competition.
German lawyers like to pride themselves on their work for world-famous domestic corporates.
German leaders appear to want all possible diplomatic options exhausted before any strike.
German lines tend to be more dominant than American lines as discussed a few questions down.
German literature becomes the outlet for testing the links and limits of money.
German literature is both rich and well known.
German literature is literary work.
German literature is rich and abundant.
German losses are unknown.
German majors are able to ask for information to resolve a situation with a minor complication.
German majors are able to describe in detail with comparison and contrasts.
German majors are able to solve a simple problem presented by a situation.
German majors are able to speak on a variety of topics.
German majors are able to state and support an opinion.
German majors are able to talk in discourse about activities in the present, past, and future.
German Majors can choose to graduate with either a BA or an Honours degree.
German majors receive excellent language training and exposure to the culture by living abroad.
Many German majors go on to pursue graduate and professional training as well.
Most German majors take coursework in German language, literature, history and political science.
German managers speak their mind.
German manners are pretty formal.
German mathematicians propose theories.
Most german mathematicians propose theories.
Some german mathematicians propose forces.
Some german mathematicians propose jet forces.
German MEs begin the game with the initiative.
German measles are a very mild form of measles.
German measles is a mild viral illness caused by the rubella virus.
German measles is even more dangerous.
German measles is one of few viruses that can cause serious birth defects.
German measles is one type of virus known to cause damage to the hair cells of the inner ear.
German memorabilia items Our largest of all sections.
German millet has thicker stems and broader leaves.
German minister announces new net-regs, censorship task force.
German minister calls for international crackdown.
German missionaries arrive in South Australia.
Some German modals take on a special meaning in certain contexts.
German monarchy folds, the Weimar Republic is born.
Some german monks eat berries.
German mothers appear to have been more concerned with the winter than British mothers.
German movements give very accurate readings.
German musicians get extra pensions.
German names are due to inter marriage.
Many German names end with the following suffixes.
Many German names have their roots in the Germanic middle ages .
Many German names have their roots in the Germanic middle ages.
German nationals is shown as well, most of the time only the top three of each discipline.
German nationalism become racism.
German naturalists consider jackdaws.
German naturalists consider western jackdaws.
Most german naturalists consider jackdaws.
Most german naturalists consider western jackdaws.
German newspapers hail the Egyptian role in the peace process.
Many German nouns use an umlaut to form the plural.
German officers line up for processing as prisoners of war.
German option is also available.
German ornithologists present different ideas.
German ornithologists present ideas.
Most german ornithologists present different ideas.
German paints hate polymer-based waxes.
German parliament holds a debate on bioethics.
German part is much more bigger.
All German Participants prepare for parade.
Many German people think that the U.S. is just great and want to know everything about it.
German performance pieces a few artwaves ago.
German philosophers call such large events world-historical.
German physicians practice medicine.
Most german physicians practice medicine.
German pilots purchase global positioning system instruments with their own money.
German planes are absolutely methodical, though.
German planes attack Britain.
German planes come by and suck the bullets out of the planes and cure the dead men.
German player designates first.
German player makes steam and starts moving away.
German poetry is consistently absurd, which goes back to using style as an emotional tool.
German poetry proves otherwise.
German police have the authority to use whatever force is necessary to obtain a blood sample.
German policy aims to serve every individual living in Germany.
German policy encourages married women to specialize in family care.
German policy is committed to peace.
German policy is particularly likely to shift after Kosovo.
German politicians find it more difficult to let themselves be sculpted.
German press urges for the bombing of Britain by Germany's air force.
German pride runs as deep as it can get.
German prints are availble in handsome modern editions, with excellent index.
German process reduces price of wood pulp newsprint.
German producers are well aware of their image problem.
German products are more popular here than the study of the German language.
German products have a good name and continue to sell well abroad when the price is right.
German pronunciation Practice German sounds with our online pronunciation guide.
German prosecutors challenge sites that carry hate speech.
German publication contains papers in English on art history topics.
German publishers love cigarettes.
All German publishers have to submit two copies of each new publication to the library.
German raiders are scarce and patrols are disappointing.
German raiders devastate a large area of Birmingham in arial attacks.
German Railways Check out the initials on that logo.
German rates are consistently higher than U.S. rates across all fields.
German reds tend to be light.
German refrigerators are extremely expensive.
German regulator looks into reports of unusual short-selling.
German replacements enter on Warsaw, Helsinki, or Bucharest.
German researchers plan to impel the development of artificial heart valves using a novel procedure.
German researchers report that it gently increases the strength of the heartbeat.
German researchers suggest the berries increase production of luteinizing hormone and prolactin.
German roaches are a problem in restaurants, apartment buildings, and homes.
German roaches are inside bugs.
German roaches live throughout dwellings, but are often found in kitchens and bathrooms.
German sausage sizzles.
German scientists are engineering weapons of unprecedented destructive power.
German scientists are interested and involved in shelf-basin interactions.
German scientists develop new weapons.
German scientists find animals.
German scientists report that adults breast-fed as babies are less likely to be fat.
Most german scientists find animals.
Some german scientists work with government.
Most German seats are famous for scuffing on the left bolster of the driver's seat.
German service is so good the customer never has to wait more then a few moments.
German shares end their seemingly never-ending rise Frankfurt.
German shepherd dogs benefit from calorie diets.
German shepherd dogs benefit from diets.
German shepherd dogs have sensitive stomachs.
German shepherd dogs have stomachs.
German shepherd dogs reach adulthood.
German shepherd puppies enter adolescent stages.
German shepherd puppies enter stages.
German shepherd puppies go through growth.
German shepherd puppies weigh pounds.
German shepherds are natural guard dogs.
German shepherds are prolific shedders.
German shepherds are very prone to degenerative myelopathy.
German shepherds can be police dogs.
German shepherds have reputations.
German shepherds suffer from problems.
German shepherds thrive on balance diets.
German shepherds thrive on diets.
Most german shepherds have reputations.
Most german shepherds suffer from problems.
Most german shepherds thrive on balance diets.
Most german shepherds thrive on diets.
Some german shepherds defend yards.
Some german shepherds have coats.
Some german shepherds have double coats.
Some german shepherds have double layer coats.
Some german shepherds have layer coats.
Some german shepherds hold jobs.
Some german shepherds hold many other jobs.
Some german shepherds lose weight.
Some german shepherds love families.
Some german shepherds suffer anxiety.
Some german shepherds suffer separation anxiety.
German silver is alloyed with copper, zinc and nickel.
German silver is an alloy of copper, nickel, and zinc.
German site has band information, company details, and sound samples.
German slant is obvious in majority of links.
German society is male-dominated.
German soldiers are sent to Finland.
German soldiers are soldiers.
German soldiers armed with weapons, march through the town terrorizing the Jewish people.
German soldiers execute a group of Soviet civilians.
German soldiers head east.
German soldiers participate in african campaigns.
German soldiers participate in campaigns.
German soldiers participate in north african campaigns.
German soldiers relax during a lull in the fighting.
German soldiers use a flamethrower and torches to burn an empty Jewish village.
Most german soldiers participate in african campaigns.
Most german soldiers participate in campaigns.
Most german soldiers participate in north african campaigns.
Some german soldiers kill animals.
Some german soldiers shoot animals.
German speakers tend to be concentrated in the more rural areas.
All German speakers are welcome.
All German speakers welcome for lunch auf deutsch.
German spruce produces a bright sound, especially in the treble.
German students are notorious for long study times.
German students assist each class with the planning of leisure activities.
German students can fly direct from Frankfurt.
German students come to America for similar experiences.
German students organize the Oktoberfest for the City of Greeley.
German students receive information and grant instructions for planning studies abroad.
Most German students eat in their rooms or at the cafeteria.
German studies review.
German study is required.
German style deli products and imports.
German style is pictured here.
German subs sink a British passenger liner, the Lusitania.
German system is under threat.
German teachers can borrow books and audiovisual media for use in the classroom.
German technology is at the heart of the operational control system.
German text faces the English translation.
German text goes here.
German toilets are quite extraordinary.
Some German tours go father afield but still get back to the hotels at night.
German tourists are safe here.
German tourists are tourists.
German tourists continue to flow to Egypt, French investments continue to climb.
German tourists represent the largest single country source of visitors to the Dominican Republic.
German tourists throng the hotel wearing fezes and watching belly dancers.
German tourists visit historic sites.
German tourists visit sites.
Most german tourists visit historic sites.
Most german tourists visit sites.
Some german tourists enjoy members.
Some german tourists fall to death.
German tractors plow snow-kissed fields, as if old familiar lovers, seeding the venerable earth.
German trains are clean, comfortable, reliable and fast.
German Trains are great.
German Translator is provided when necessary.
German translators contain German words, German currency, German phrases and German time.
German travelers are familiar with California destinations.
German travelers have high expectations for hotels, primarily for cleanliness.
German trawlers arrive.
German troops appear before Warsaw. . . .
German troops arrive.
German troops continue to advance to the outskirts of Moscow.
German troops cross the Vistula River in Poland.
German troops enter Austria.
German troops enter Prague.
German troops evacuate Finland.
German Troops Fight their Way into Kiev.
German troops invade Denmark and Norway.
German troops invade Poland.
German troops launch yet another attack on Soviet partisans.
German troops march into Paris.
German troops occupy France, south to the Mediterranean Sea.
German troops occupy Paris, France.
German troops patrol a destroyed coastal town.
German troops prepare to board aircraft.
Most German troops suffer from lice.
German tutors are available to help with course work.
German TV is amazing.
Some German understanding is needed.
German unions are much stronger than their American counterparts.
German units are powerful but few in number.
German units can call for artillery support during entry fire.
German units infiltrate the line to cutoff as many Soviet units as possible.
German Universities have no regular formalized PhD program.
German universities offer courses in practically all fields of study.
German universities require students to take a language test prior to admission.
All German universities have a commissioner for women's issues.
German uses lassen to render the meaning of having something done .
German users can get subscription info here .
German utilities face reactor shutdowns, as their spent fuel pools are at or near capacity.
German verbs require more different endings than English verbs.
German version is also available.
German version lacks both kids and gore scenes.
All German villages have the same history.
German visitors are often present for the celebration.
German visitors are often present for the festival at the courthouse square.
Many German visitors are also avid sailors who pursue their hobby on the Mazurian lakes.
Many German websites are already in English.
German wine continues to have trouble in a market where customers shy away from anything but dry.
German wine is sweet and dull.
German wine is the ugly duck of the wine world.
German wines are among the finest in the world.
German wines are out.
German wines are the world's most versatile wines.
German wines line the shelves.
All German wines are sweet.
Much German wine is produced in the Rhine Valley and the vineyards cover the hillsides.
German winery provides an online auction service for private buyers and sellers.
German women are hearty, and they enjoy older men.
German women are the most non-emotional, worthless sex workers.
German women get two months of fully paid leave after giving birth.
German women tend to keep their hair short.
German words appear on screen to help readers and to reinforce what they see and hear.
German words are just too long.
German words fly around here like flies.
Many German words are so similar to English that most students find German easy to learn.
Some German words are so long that they have a perspective.
German workers are among the best paid in the world.
German workers have over nine weeks vacation or personal time.
German workers wait for a call to action.
German youth fares poorly.
German youth visit Egypt.
German youths have to pass an examination at a Dutch committee according to Dutch law.
German Zeppelins dominate European sky.
A germander is a bush
Germander acts as a slight aperient, as well as a tonic.
Germanic countries use an acorn instead of a spade.
Germanic language is a very unique language, which has spread throughout the world.
Germanic peoples is sensitive stuff for admirers of the Roman empire.
Germanic tribes invade Roman Empire.
Germanium diodes are another option, but they have their own limitations.
Most germanium today is obtained from zinc ores.
A germanium is an element
Germanium carries oxygen to the cells.
Germanium enhances the availability of oxygen to both normal and cancer cells.
Germanium forms a large number of organometallic compounds.
Germanium forms many alloys, most importantly with the coinage metals .
Germanium forms many compounds.
Germanium is in column four in the periodic table and has four valence electrons.
Germanium looks like a metal.
Germanium ranks near fiftieth in relative abundance of the elements in the Earth's crust .
Germanium resembles silicon .
Germaniums are chemical elements.
Germaniums are semiconductor.
Germantown girl hopes for diabetes cure.
Germany isa thing.
Germicides are chemicals used to destroy germs.
Germinal cells reaching blood or lymphatic vessels can give rise to distant metastatic foci.
Germinal centers are absent and both the spleen and bone marrow have a disrupted architecture.
Germinal centres develop in response to antigen.
Germinal mosaicism increases the recurrence risk for new DMD mutations.
Germinate seeds grow into plants.
Most germinate seeds grow into plants.
Some germinate seeds produce seeds.
Germinate spores produce gametophytes.
Most germinate spores produce gametophytes.
Germinated seed has a much higher protein content than dry seed.
Germination of seed is usually slow and unreliable using conventional methods.
Germination of seeds starts the life cycle of the geranium.
Germination patterns determine strategies.
Germination rates are generally low due to low viability rather than to dormancy.
Germination rates are relatively poor.
Germination rates are way down on tomatoes, squash, and beans.
Germination rates can also be lower.
Germination rates can be low, so plant extra.
Germination rates increase after passage through a black bear's digestive tract.
Germination tests indicate capacity.
Germination also depends on the physical environment.
Germination appears even, except on heavy soils where water is ponding.
Germination begins before the liberation of the spore.
Germination begins in the early spring as soon as the soil thaws.
Germination begins in two to three weeks with lingering sprouting thereafter.
Germination begins tonight, using the usual method.
Germination begins when a spore falls in a place with proper conditions of heat and moisture.
Germination begins when the seed absorbs water and ends when the primary root emerges.
Germination begins within a week.
Germination can be erratic.
Germination can be slow and erratic.
Germination can be slow.
Germination can be variable.
Germination can occur in two weeks, but seedlings require three to six years or longer to flower.
Germination can take as long as six months.
Germination can take place in just a few days, or can take several weeks.
Germination can take place under a wide range of conditions.
Germination can take three months.
Germination can take up to fifteen years.
Germination can take up to six weeks.
Germination can take up to three weeks, so be patient.
Germination commonly takes place in autumn.
Germination contains seeds.
Germination contains weed seeds.
Germination continues for three years.
Germination continues throughout summer and into fall.
Germination continues throughout the summer.
Germination depends on a combination of rainfall, light and temperature.
Germination depends on moisture.
Germination depends on soil moisture.
Germination depends on surface soil moisture and temperature.
Germination depends on temperature.
Germination depends on the seed coat.
Germination does thus start at the most favourable time of the growing season.
Germination generally occurs in spring and requires sandy soils, ample moisture and light.
Germination initiates enzyme development and conversion of barley to malt.
Germination is a process by which the seed develops into a seedling .
Germination is a process when the seed develops into a seedling.
Germination is a simple method of food processing that results in increased nutritive value.
Germination is a topic that pops up.
Germination is accomplished in approximately two weeks under full sunlight.
Germination is affected by the parent plant environment.
Germination is affected by the spread of the fungus and can improve with seed treatment.
Germination is associated with abundant winter precipitation.
Germination is at the site of exposure in the macrophages.
Germination is attempted in the cooler months, often in late winter or early spring.
Germination is completed within a month.
Germination is delayed in the second seed until the following year.
Germination is delayed when the embryo is dormant.
Germination is dependant on water temperature, so experiment.
Germination is easy.
Germination is enhanced and the plants get a healthy start.
Germination is enhanced by cold stratification for several months.
Germination is enhanced by even distribution and greater soil contact of the downy brome seed.
Germination is enhanced by light and by cold storage.
Germination is enhanced by passing through the digestive tract of birds.
Germination is enhanced by scarification with a dilute acid.
Germination is entirely a food utilization process.
Germination is epigeal and is enhanced by bare mineral soil.
Germination is epigeal and usually occurs during the second year.
Germination is epigeal with the cotyledons and stem emerging from the seedbed.
Germination is epigeal, and usually in heavy organic matter.
Germination is epigeal, with the cotyledons rising above the ground.
Germination is epigeal.
Germination is erratic and can take up to nine months.
Germination is erratic, and takes place over an extended period.
Germination is essentially a quickening of the growth of the embryo.
Germination is fair to good.
Germination is fair to mostly good.
Germination is fairly rapid but early seedling vigor is lacking.
Germination is fast - within days.
Germination is followed by encystment and appresorium formation.
Germination is generally erratic.
Germination is generally good.
Germination is good for recent plantings.
Germination is good for recent seeding.
Germination is good from recent plantings.
Germination is good on mineral soil or leafy litter, but poor on excessively wet sites.
Germination is good on recent seedings.
Germination is good.
Germination is growth
Germination is growth.
Germination is higher in litter than in mineral soil.
Germination is higher under plant cover and litter.
Germination is highest on open sites with compacted soils and little vegetation.
Germination is hypogeal and occurs in the spring following maturation.
Germination is hypogeal and the plumule is sensitive to light.
Germination is hypogeal.
Germination is improved by scarification.
Germination is in late summer to early fall.
Germination is increased by moistening of stratum.
Germination is inhibited under a dense leaf canopy.
Germination is irregular.
Germination is less reliable than standard sweet corn especially if temperatures are low.
Germination is moderately fast, but establishment is slow often requiring several months.
Germination is more related to habitat or genetic variables than initial seed moisture content.
Germination is more than just the protrusion of the root or shoot from the seed covering.
Germination is mostly good for recent seeding.
Germination is mostly good.
Germination is often slow, but improved by scarifying seed with sulfuric acid.
Germination is one of the most critical periods for a crop subjected to salinity.
Germination is origins.
Germination is proof of life.
Germination is quick and seedling growth rapid.
Germination is reduced.
Germination is relatively high after cold stratification.
Germination is reported as the percentage of seed producing normal seedlings.
Germination is slow and irregular.
Germination is slow and somewhat difficult.
Germination is slow for corn and beans.
Germination is slow from plantings in the past two weeks.
Germination is slow.
Germination is swift with bottom heat.
Germination is tested regularly and seed stocks regenerated whenever necessary.
Germination is the emergence of the embryo or seedling from the seed.
Germination is the first stage in the growth and life cycle of a plant from seed.
Germination is the growth of a tube from the surface of a pollen grain.
Germination is the growth of an embryonic plant contained within a seed.
Germination is the growth of the embryo inside the seed, eventually growing into a mature plant.
Germination is the name of the game.
Germination is the process by which a plant grows from a seed.
Germination is the process in which the seeds sprout and the root emerges.
Germination is the process of a plant emerging from a seed and beginning to grow.
Germination is the process of the embryo emerging from the seed.
Germination is the resumption of active embryo growth after a dormant period.
Germination is the resumption of active growth of the embryo.
Germination is the stage during which the seed of a plant first begins to grow.
Germination is the start of the growing process for a plant embryo.
Germination is triggered by absorption of water through the seed coat.
Germination is usually fairly rapid.
Germination is usually in the spring after one or two seasons.
Germination is usually very good and within a month.
Germination is usually very good and within a week or two.
Germination is usually very good, but the young seedlings are often a bit slow to grow initially.
Germination is usually within a month.
Germination is very good as a rule end the seedlings grow rapidly in their first year.
Germination is when a seed sprouts.
Germination is when the seed begins to grow a root and a shoot.
Germination isa development.
Germination isa growth.
Germination leads to considerable changes in the nutritive quality of a grain.
Germination occurs after each irrigation or rainy period , thus requiring persistent control.
Germination occurs and the kernels begin to grow.
Germination occurs anytime during the growing season when soil moisture is adequate.
Germination occurs during first grow seasons.
Germination occurs during first seasons.
Germination occurs during grow seasons.
Germination occurs during seasons.
Germination occurs during the cool season, mostly after the first rains.
Germination occurs fall through spring.
Germination occurs fifteen to twenty minutes after contact with the pistil.
Germination occurs in about a week and seedlings grow rapidly.
Germination occurs in about a week.
Germination occurs in autumn after a few weeks of cool, moist stratification.
Germination occurs in autumn.
Germination occurs in late summer and early spring.
Germination occurs in mid-spring.
Germination occurs in plants.
Germination occurs in seasons.
Germination occurs in several steps.
Germination occurs in spring, and leafing in late spring to early summer.
Germination occurs in springs.
Germination occurs in the early spring.
Germination occurs in the fall or early spring when environmental conditions are favorable.
Germination occurs in the presence of sufficient water and warm temperatures.
Germination occurs in the spring.
Germination occurs in weeks.
Germination occurs irregularly and takes a year and a half or more.
Germination occurs on both mineral and organic seedbeds.
Germination occurs on soil surfaces.
Germination occurs on surfaces.
Germination occurs rapidly after encystment and the germ tubes penetrate the root epidermis.
Germination occurs rapidly in cultured macrophages.
Germination occurs the first or second spring following seed production.
Germination occurs the following spring or early summer.
Germination occurs throughout the growing season, but most new seedling emerge in spring.
Germination occurs throughout the growing season, but most new seedlings emerge in spring.
Germination occurs throughout the growing season.
Germination occurs two to five weeks after sowing.
Germination occurs when the seedling root or radicle emerges from the seed coat.
Germination occurs with the onset of favorable conditions, usually in late spring.
Germination occurs within exposure.
Germination occurs within two weeks following seedfall.
Germination occurs within two weeks.
Germination occurs, but the seedling dies from lack of a root system.
Germination only occurs after significant seasonal rainfall.
Germination remains unchanged for a period of time during storage and then declines rapidly.
Germination requires good seed-soil contact.
Germination requires high temperature.
Germination requires light yet seems little affected by photoperiod length.
Germination requires overwinter stratification.
Germination requires stratification and a period of cold temperatures.
Germination requires temperature.
Germination requires warm temperatures.
Germination starts after three to four weeks.
Germination takes a few days.
Germination takes a long time.
Germination takes a week and a half with irregular results.
Germination takes about one month or more.
Germination takes about ten days.
Germination takes about two weeks.
Germination takes almost a month, but the plants remain quite small -almost dormant.
Germination takes five days, after which the green malt is dried in one of three kilns.
Germination takes four to eight weeks.
Germination takes months.
Germination takes place in about a week.
Germination takes place in full sun and seeds can remain dormant viable for more than a century.
Germination takes place in three to four weeks.
Germination takes place without the aid of a fungus.
Germination takes places.
Germination takes several months.
Germination takes several weeks.
Germination takes two to three weeks, and seedlings grow very slowly.
Germination takes two weeks.
Germination takes weeks.
Germination tends to be low.
Germination tends to be uniform, regardless of eye location on the tuber.
Germination unfolds, and enzymes trigger elaborate biochemical changes.
Germination varies between two days and two weeks depending on the type of seed and temperature.
Germination usually occurs within eight days of rain with optimum conditions.
Germination usually takes a little over a month.
Germination usually takes place within two weeks.
Most germination contains seeds.
Most germination contains weed seeds.
Most germination depends on moisture.
Most germination depends on soil moisture.
Most germination depends on temperature.
Most germination occurs during first grow seasons.
Most germination occurs during first seasons.
Most germination occurs during grow seasons.
Most germination occurs during seasons.
Most germination occurs during the first growing season after disturbance.
Most germination occurs in autumn.
Most germination occurs in plants.
Most germination occurs in seasons.
Most germination occurs in springs.
Most germination occurs in weeks.
Most germination occurs on soil surfaces.
Most germination occurs on surfaces.
Most germination occurs within exposure.
Most germination requires high temperature.
Most germination requires temperature.
Most germination takes months.
Most germination takes place in the spring or early summer.
Most germination takes places.
Most germination takes several months.
Most germination takes several weeks.
Most germination takes weeks.
Some germination affects uniformity.
Some germination causes problems.
Some germination depends on climates.
Some germination depends on rain.
Some germination involves enlargements.
Some germination leads to development.
Some germination occurs after first years.
Some germination occurs after years.
Some germination occurs during periods.
Some germination occurs in presence.
Some germination occurs in soil temperature.
Some germination occurs in temperature.
Some germination occurs in water.
Some germination occurs within first years.
Some germination occurs within years.
Some germination requires attention.
Some germination requires oxygen.
Some germination requires specific attention.
Germinative capacity is usually high and no dormancy is known.
Germplasm banks exist but field trials are essential for assessment of varieties.
Some germplasm evaluation is likely.
Gerontological intervention attempts to systematically modify the course of the aging process.
Gerontological nursing is integrated throughout the curriculum.
Gerontological nursing is the study of and care of the health care needs of older adults.
A gerontologist is a specialist
Gerontologists are concerned with aging both as a normal part of life and as a potential problem.
Gerontologists are specialists.
Gerontologists are the audience.
Gerontologists continue to debate what factors lead to aging well.
Gerontologists specialize in the specific health care needs of the elderly.
Gerontologists study the changes that people go through as they get older.
Gerontologists suggest that many seniors feel pressured by their limitations and their regrets.
A gerontology is medicine
Gerontology focuses on providing preventive health education for older adults.
Gerontology involves a number of disciplines.
Gerontology is a fertile research area.
Gerontology is a field enriched by one s experiences with older adults.
Gerontology is a field with rapidly expanding career opportunities.
Gerontology is a growing area for careers in the foreseeable future.
Gerontology is a minor that can be combined with any major.
Gerontology is a multidisciplinary and scientific study of the aging process.
Gerontology is a multidisciplinary field that studies the process of aging across the lifespan.
Gerontology is a multidisciplinary, scientific study of the aging process.
Gerontology is a small field.
Gerontology is an approved dissertation and thesis area.
Gerontology is an inherently interdisciplinary field.
Gerontology is both an interdisciplinary and a multidisciplinary field.
Gerontology is brand new.
Gerontology is concerned with both successful aging and problems of aging.
Gerontology is concerned with gaining and applying knowledge about ALL aspects of aging.
Gerontology is defined as the scientific study of aging.
Gerontology is defined as the study of healthy aging.
Gerontology is one of the largest growth areas of social work practice.
Gerontology is open to students in all colleges and schools within the university.
Gerontology is the interdisciplinary study of the social, physical and cultural dimensions of aging.
Gerontology is the multidisciplinary study of biological, sociological, and psychological aging.
Gerontology is the scientific study of aging and encompasses many disciplines.
Gerontology is the scientific study of the aging process in humans.
Gerontology is the study and promotion of healthy aging.
Gerontology is the study of aging from a multidisciplinary perspective.
Gerontology is the study of aging from an interdisciplinary perspective.
Gerontology is the study of aging.
Gerontology is the study of human aging.
Gerontology is the study of the aging process and old age.
Gerontology is the study of the biological, physical and social aspects of aging.
Gerontology is the study of the elderly and of the aging process.
Gerontology is the study of the elderly.
Gerontology is the study of the normal aging process.
Gerontology is the study of the process of aging.
Gerontology is the study of the social and psychological phenomena associated with aging.
Gerontology is the use of reason to understand aging.
Gerontology looks for ways to ease the symptoms of old age.
Gerontology offers an undergraduate minor, an M.S.degree and a graduate certificate.
A gerrymander is a cheating
Gerrymander is an American term.
Gershwin music radiates an effortless joy.
Gerstner pricing reflects the difficulty of obtaining and stocking hardware similar to the original.
A gerund is a common noun
Gerunds are forms of the verb that function as nouns.
Gerunds are verbals.
Gerunds can be compound.
Gerunds convert participles into nouns.
Gerunds use the possessive.
Gerunds always act as a noun.
Gerunds always function as nouns, but infinitives often also serve as nouns.
Most gerunds used in a general sense, e.g. Studying is hard work.
A gesneriad is a tracheophyte
Gesneriads are plants greatly valued for their brilliantly colored blooms.
Gesneriads are woody plants.
Most gesneriads are very well-suited to life in the home.
Most gesneriads come from humid tropical areas.
Most gesneriads grow and bloom very well under artificial lights.
Gessoed moulding gives a smooth base for many painted and gilded finishes.
Gestalt psychology proposes that the ability to perceive form is inborn.
A gestalt is a form
Gestalt works with a grounding in developmental self-psychology.
Gestation crates are metal crates or cages, only about two feet wide, that house pregnant sows.
A gestation period is time
Gestation period is about seven months and young are born singly.
Gestation period is approx.
Gestation period is approximately thirty days.
Gestation period is eight months.
Gestation period is five and a half months.
Gestation period is five months.
Gestation period is slightly more than two months, producing a litter of one to two kittens.
Gestation period is three months.
Gestation period lasts seven months.
Gestation period tends to be slightly longer than in the Asian elephant.
Gestation periods are the point from when the zygote is formed until the baby is developed birthed.
Gestation periods vary among chameleon species.
Gestation periods vary among species and between individuals within a species.
Gestation periods vary greatly among species, ranging from just a few days to several months.
Gestation periods vary greatly between exotic and domestic cats.
Gestation sac develops in the absence of an embryo.
Gestation begins with implantation of the embryo in the uterus and ends with birth.
Gestation comes from the Latin gestare, which means to bear, or give birth to.
Gestation generally takes place in darkness and it takes place without being known.
Gestation is about seven months, and the young remain hidden for several weeks.
Gestation is about six months.
Gestation is about three weeks.
Gestation is anywhere from two to five months.
Gestation is app roximately two months.
Gestation is approximately one year, and calves are suckled for nine months to twelve months.
Gestation is approximately seven months, and the young are born in areas that provide some cover.
Gestation is approximately seven months.
Gestation is approximately six months.
Gestation is around five and half months.
Gestation is between four months to one year.
Gestation is construction.
Gestation is eight months and a cow gives birth in the spring to one and sometimes twin calves.
Gestation is eight months, and the single calf hides for up to three weeks.
Gestation is eight months.
Gestation is eight to nine months long, after which a single calf is born.
Gestation is estimated to take about eight months.
Gestation is five months.
Gestation is five weeks for chickarees, and up to seven weeks for their larger cousins.
Gestation is fourteen days.
Gestation is from eight to nine months, resulting in a baby weighing four to five pounds.
Gestation is long, about two months, because of the low body temperature.
Gestation is nine months.
Gestation is of seven months.
Gestation is one month long.
Gestation is outside in open lots.
Gestation is seven months after which a single lamb is born.
Gestation is seven to eight months.
Gestation is short and the young complete development outside the uterus in a special pouch.
Gestation is six months, and normally only one offspring is delivered.
Gestation is six weeks.
Gestation is the a. event of birth.
Gestation is the carrying of an embryo or fetus in an organism.
Gestation is the only phase of production during which sows can replenish lost body reserves.
Gestation is the period of embryo development from conception to birth.
Gestation is the period of time when something is conceived and developed.
Gestation is thirteen months, longer than any other equid.
Gestation is time
Gestation is two months and yields two to five young, nursed for two months.
Gestation is two to three months in most species.
Gestation is typically between seven and nine months for the first brood.
Gestation is typically seven to nine months for the first brood.
Gestation is usually two to three months.
Gestation is variable, being shorter when ambient temperature is higher.
Gestation is when the mother carries the child in their womb.
Gestation lasts about eight months, following which one or two calves are born.
Gestation lasts about five weeks.
Gestation lasts about four weeks.
Gestation lasts about seven months, and typically, a single calf is born.
Gestation lasts about three and a half months.
Gestation lasts anywhere from eight and a half to nine months.
Gestation lasts approximately one year.
Gestation lasts approximately six months.
Gestation lasts approximately three months, resulting in a litter of between four and six cubs.
Gestation lasts around a month, and the babies are blind and hairless at birth.
Gestation lasts around three months .
Gestation lasts around three months.
Gestation lasts at least a year.
Gestation lasts between six and seven months.
Gestation lasts eight months, with the birth of a single calf.
Gestation lasts eight to nine months.
Gestation lasts five to six months.
Gestation lasts for about five weeks in kangaroos.
Gestation lasts for about three months.
Gestation lasts for three months.
Gestation lasts for three weeks and the young voles reach sexual maturity in a month.
Gestation lasts from fifteen to sixteen months.
Gestation lasts from six to seven months.
Gestation lasts over a year, producing live pups.
Gestation lasts six or seven months and broods average about a dozen young.
Gestation lasts six-seven months, and young pygmy hippos can swim almost immediately after birth.
Gestation lasts thirteen months.
Gestation lasts two months, and litters contain one or two well-developed young.
Gestation lasts two months, with litter sizes ranging from four to nine, varying with location.
Gestation occurs during the winter when forage nutrient contents are lowest.
Gestation only lasts about three weeks, and newborns are small and weak.
Gestation repo A reverse repurchase agreement between mortgage firms and securities dealers .
Gestation repo A reverse repurchase agreement between mortgage firms and securities dealers.
Gestation runs from five to seven weeks after copulation.
Gestation stay buttons up the front and supports the weight of the baby.
Gestation take approximately sixteen months, and the weaning period is about two years.
Gestation takes about a year.
Gestation takes about eight weeks with four to six pups born per litter.
Gestation takes longer in some mammals than in others.
Gestation takes place during six months or more.
Gestation takes place in a special organ in the female called the uterus or womb.
Gestation takes place in the remodeled old nursery, with four or five sows per pen.
Gestation takes six months.
Gestation takes time.
Gestation takes up to a year .
Gestation takes up to a year.
Gestation then takes four months, and pups are born in the spring.
Gestation varies from a few months to more than two years.
Gestation varies greatly between species and can last form a few weeks to over a year.
Gestation usually lasts six to eight weeks and litters of two to three young are common.
A gestational age is an age
Gestational age dates from the first day of the mother's last menstrual period.
Gestational age equals the amount of time elapsed since the first day of the last menstrual period.
Gestational age is basically a measure of the length of time that a baby spends in the womb.
Gestational age is defined by convention as weeks from first day of last menstrual period.
Gestational age is determined by several means.
Gestational age is especially important.
Gestational age is the age of an unborn baby.
Gestational age is the time measured from conception to the current date and is measured in weeks.
Gestational diabetes can develop during pregnancy in women who have never had diabetes.
Gestational diabetes can occur in any women.
Gestational diabetes can only happen during pregnancy, but it only happens to some women.
Some gestational diabetics are able to control their blood glucose without the use of insulin.
Gestational exercise protects adult male offspring from high-fat diet induced hepatic steatosis.
Gestational hypertension is high blood pressure that develops during a pregnancy.
Gestational obesity accentuates obesity in obesity-prone progeny.
Gestational thrombocytopenia is expierenced by some women during and after pregnancy.
Gesture drawing is an opposite form of observation drawing.
Gesture drawing is fast, intuitive, and expressive.
Gesture drawing is the use of quick strokes of lines to capture movement or a moment in time.
Gesture language remains when spoken language is diseased or lost.
Gesture recognition is the process by which gestures formed by a user are made known to the system.
A gesture is movement
Gesture appreciate nonetheless.
Gesture means demonstration, or indication, which in turn implies manifestation.
Gesture offers students a second window onto the task, one that students do take advantage of.
Gestures also play an important part in copulatory attractants in other species.
Gestures are a form of shorthand to tell the computer what to do next.
Gestures are a little more complicated.
Gestures are a means of communication for everyone they are essential for the hearing impaired.
Gestures are a means of communication for everyone, but they are essential for the hearing impaired.
Gestures are a means of communication for everyone, they are essential for the hearing impaired.
Gestures are a means of communication for everyone.
Gestures are a means of communication, they are essential to the hearing-impaired.
Gestures are a type of speech.
Gestures are a way of communicating using the body instead of the voice.
Gestures are also rich sources of cultural and paralinguistic information.
Gestures are an important to effective communication.
Gestures are cheap.
Gestures are difficult in space suits.
Gestures are feelings felt so strongly they make the whole body vibrate like a violin.
Gestures are fine for emphasis.
Gestures are fine, but policies are better.
Gestures are good.
Gestures are hand-written signals that function as application commands.
Gestures are important and specific gestures are very important.
Gestures are indications.
Gestures are large and clumsy.
Gestures are limited, or else large and clumsy and inappropriate for the accompanying speech.
Gestures are made of movement.
Gestures are motion.
Gestures are signals.
Gestures are situations.
Gestures are visual communication.
Gestures can also be obscene, embarrassing, secretive, or dangerous as in the use of gang gestures.
Gestures can also help to enhance the performance.
Gestures can be a combination of pictures, text and sound and are pre recorded.
Gestures can communicate important things.
Gestures can have VERY different meanings in other cultures.
Gestures can underscore spoken language.
Gestures combine selection, command invocation, and parameters into a single motion.
Gestures come in gradients such as light, grandiose, bombastic, loud and so on.
Gestures communicate .
Gestures get jerky.
Gestures have a way of conveying a variety of feelings without having to communicate verbally.
Gestures have that power.
Gestures help the listeners see pictures in their minds.
Gestures indicate the person's identity and respect for other members.
Gestures make up part of the person.
Gestures reoccur in a variety of moods, depending on the section of the dance.
Gestures reveal mental models of discrete and continuous change.
Gestures speak from culture.
All gestures are to demonstrate miniature movements.
Any gesture has the potential of romance as long as it comes from the heart.
Every gesture carries an individual nuance, evoking the inner self of that individual.
Every gesture is born based on a specific cultural background.
Every gesture is layered with meaning.
Every gesture is pregnant, weighted, born of guilty inner struggle.
Every gesture is regulated on a dairy farm.
Every gesture means the world.
Every gesture serves to advance the portrait of Antony.
Most gestures are.
Some gesture confuse the foreigner in Korea.
Some gestures also serve as symbolic communicators and memory aids.
Some gestures have different meanings in Quebec.
A get is a return
Gets  debts.
Gets are like find, but using registered integers rather than names.
GETs are most useful because they can be embedded in a link without needing a form element.
Gets are motivated by the goal of needs.
Gets are motivated by the goal of wanteds.
Gets are returns.
Gets fly out nice and straight.
Gets means grey and well is the color white.
A getaway is acceleration
Getaway isa acceleration.
Getaways abound, throughout the Islands.
GetAways are always a hit at events.
Getaways are available from one to eight days.
Getaways are easy along the maze of narrow, dark pedestrian lanes.
Getaways are escapes.
Getaways depart on the below dates with all applicable included features.
Getaways Get Out Get out into the community, the Capital Region and surrounding area.
Some getaways are just a little more special than others.
Gethal plywood is made from certified wood.
Getpaid programs are about making money.
Getting  envy.
Getting  smiles.
Getting  takings.
Getting  walks.
Getting are used for keeping.
Getting cause death.
Getting cause disappointment.
Getting cause gets.
Getting cause gratitude.
Getting cause headaches.
Getting cause illnesses.
Getting cause joys.
Getting cause ownership.
Getting cause satisfaction.
GetVarArray method returns an array containing all previously stored session variables.
Getweb servers can handle web pages which contain fill-in forms.
A geyser is spring
Geysers are a manifestation of volcanic activity.
Geysers are an interesting phenomenon.
Geysers are extremely rare features.
Geysers are extremely rare on the planet earth.
Geysers are fragile, temporary, geologic features.
Geysers are hot spring.
Geysers are hot springs that erupt periodically.
Geysers are known to have existed in at least a dozen other areas on the island.
Geysers are made in special geological conditions .
Geysers are made in special geological conditions.
Geysers are natural things.
Geysers are often near active volcanos .
Geysers are often near active volcanos.
Geysers are physical phenomenons.
Geysers are quite rare, requiring a combination of water , heat , and fortuitous plumbing .
Geysers are rare, and usually put on a good show.
Geysers are rare.
Geysers are relatively rare geologic occurences.
Geysers are significant in many ways.
Geysers are spring.
Geysers are springs that throw forth intermittent jets of water and steam.
Geysers are sudden spurts of hot water.
Geysers are temporary features geologically.
Geysers are temporary geological features.
Geysers are used for various activities such as electricity generation, heating and tourism .
Geysers are usually near volcanic areas .
Geysers are usually near volcanic areas.
Geysers are very transient phenomena.
Geysers display many anomalies.
Geysers eject hot water into the river at varying intervals, making the land seem very unfriendly.
Geysers erupt with varying regularity depending on the condition of their underground passageways.
Geysers fume near glaciers.
Geysers maintain a delicate balance between water and steam.
Geysers occur when there is a strong steam vent in an area of actively flowing groundwater.
Geysers require a specific set of conditions in order to form.
Geysers require a specific set of geological conditions.
Geysers require a steady floow of groundwater.
Geysers shoot out from under the ground.
Geysers spew dark plumes into Triton's thin atmosphere.
Geysers spout pale plumes of ethane high into the sky.
Geysers spout up seventy feet high, with a terrific hissing noise, at regular intervals.
Geysers tend to have bursts.
Most geysers are hot springs that episodically erupt fountains of hot water and steam.
Most geysers are hot springs that episodically erupt fountains of scalding water and steam.
Most geysers erupt irregularly and infrequently.
Some geysers die because their water or heat source change, move or disappear.
Some geysers erupt every minute, and others are inactive for months or even years.
Some geysers just bubble and give foot high bursts of water and steam.
GFAP promoter directs astrocyte-specific expression in transgenic mice.
GFIS staff are also available to make presentations to faculty groups.
GG projects have a year-long schedule.
GG robots are neural-net backgammon players.
Ghana is part of Africa.
Ghana isa thing.
Most Ghanaian businessmen like to evade tax.
Ghanaian fashion is in fact, world famous.
Ghanaian festivals are well worth seeing with drumming, dancing and feasting.
Ghanaian hospitality dies hard, indeed.
Ghanaian law bars aliens from entering diamond mining areas except with a vialid permit.
Ghanaian law forbids a third term.
Ghanaian parents are quite protective of their children.
Ghanaian people are renown for being open, friendly and hospitable.
Ghanaian students spend the first few days of school cleaning the school's classrooms and grounds.
Ghanian women peel cassava tubers.
Gharial pugs are relatively small.
A ghat is a staircase
Ghats are the steps which lead down to the river.
A ghee is a butter
Ghee becomes dark when it is cooked on excessively high heat or is cooked too long.
Ghee is a type of clarified butter.
Ghee is an ideal frying agent to give a natural buttery taste without burning.
Ghee is an integral part of the science of Ayurvedic herbal formulation.
Ghee is applied after the fomentation on the affected part.
Ghee is butter from which the milk-fat solids have been removed.
Ghee is clarified butter.
Ghee is easy to make, but easy to screw up and burn, too.
Ghee is everywhere in Indian life.
Ghee is mad by cooking butter.
Ghee is obtained by heating the milk to evaporate water and removing the curd.
Ghee is strained and khajoor kept aside.
Ghee is thought to lubricate the infants gut and provide initial nourishment.
Ghee is unsalted butter melted down to make clarified butter.
Ghee isa butter.
Ghee produces unctuousness.
Ghee repairs the mucus lining of the stomach and evens out the acid balance in there.
Some ghees have different texture.
Some ghees have texture.
Ghetto life is filled with disorganization- gangs offer organization.
Ghetto life is filled with poverty- gangs offer large amounts of money through the drug economy.
A ghetto is a quarter
Ghettos are insular places.
Ghettos are life.
Ghettos are quarters.
Ghettos are the same all over the world.
Ghettos serve as a shield against the arrogance of the affluent world.
A ghillie is a shoe
Ghillies are available.
Some ghillies use a lead weight on the line to hook the fish and it works.
Ghost ants are highly adaptable in their nesting habits, nesting in a variety of places.
Ghost cells are the additional cells around the boundary of each partition.
Ghost City is a city of fragments.
Ghost City is about memory, and about travelling through time and space.
Ghost crab is a type of crab that burrows in sandy beaches on the east coast.
Ghost crabs are predators which feed on sea turtle eggs and hatchlings among other things.
Ghost crabs inhabit areas.
Ghost crabs inhabit subtropical areas.
Ghost crabs live in environments.
Ghost crabs live in harsh environments.
Ghost crabs live in holes dug in the sand near the dunes, emerging at night to search for prey.
Ghost crabs live in shoreline environments.
Ghost crabs tend to feed at night and burrow close to the water.
Most ghost crabs inhabit subtropical areas.
Most ghost crabs live in environments.
Most ghost crabs live in harsh environments.
Most ghost crabs live in shoreline environments.
Some ghost crabs eat mud.
Some ghost crabs hibernate in burrows.
Ghost frogs are medium sized frogs , reaching a length of .
Ghost frogs are medium sized frogs, reaching a length of .
Ghost girl is a spayed female.
Ghost hunts can be long and tedious.
Ghost hunters are the main ones to look for ghost.
Ghost hunters have the tendency to hear what they want to hear from the tapes.
Ghost hunting is a fun hobby.
Ghost hunting is a great hobby and can be a truly fulfilling one as well.
Ghost hunting is a great hobby for some people.
Ghost images become clearer.
Ghost lights can be close to ground or in the sky .
Ghost lights can be close to ground or in the sky.
Many ghost lights move .
Many ghost lights move.
Ghost lineages are in blue.
Ghost loads are small continuous energy drains from devices.
Ghost moths are ancient creatures whose ancestry traces back to the time of dinosaurs.
Ghost nets are one of the worst problems facing our oceans.
Ghost notes are the band.
Ghost notes articulate beautifully, while the rimshot is lightly gated.
Ghost pipefish seem to form monogamous pairs for the reproductive season and maybe longer.
Ghost planes keep alive the story of heroes of a tragic war.
Ghost shiners have a fragile, delicate body form, which is strongly compressed laterally.
Ghost shrimp are among the prey items of the grey smooth-hound.
Ghost shrimp cause the oysters to sink in the mud and die.
Ghost shrimp is a favorite bait.
Ghost shrimp is probably a better bait but difficult to cast without falling off on the casting arc.
Ghost shrimps are particularly elongate, soft bodied and usually very pale in colour.
Ghost stories are a part of human culture.
Ghost stories are always a favorite.
Ghost stories are animes.
Ghost stories are important for a number of reasons.
Ghost stories are no longer the exclusive preserve of the past.
Ghost stories are notoriously difficult to film.
Ghost stories haunt the moonlit back roads of the American South.
Ghost stories haunt the moonlit backroads of the American South.
Ghost stories play on the basic fear of the unknown or the intangible.
Ghost stories preserve a heritage and are just plain entertaining.
Ghost stories range from the supernatural to modern superstition.
Ghost stories read in cupola.
Ghost stories reflect the thinking, culture, and lifestyles of a given society.
Ghost stories take on a new dimension underground with the lights off.
Ghost stories Telling scary stories around the camp fire is a tradition as old as mankind.
Ghost stories Use for works dealing with ghosts.
Every ghost story incorporates history.
Some ghost stories are told by sailors.
A ghost town is a town
Ghost Towns are another good source of coins and relics.
Ghost towns are generally old silver and gold mining towns.
Ghost towns are great adventures and can be found all over the United States.
Ghost Towns are numerous in Southeastern Arizona and many are accessible to visitors.
Ghost towns are one of America's least understood and appreciated historical treasures.
Ghost towns are silent, empty, and uninhabited, unless by a caretaker or two.
Ghost towns are towns.
Ghost towns are unique places where visitors can look back in time.
Ghost towns dot the area where some of the most profitable mining ventures in the world took place.
Ghost towns seem frozen in time.
Many ghost towns are along treacherous and narrow roads.
Many Ghost Towns survive from the mining boom days.
Some ghost towns are kept intact as tourist attractions.
Some ghost towns are more ghostlike than others - just scatterings of debris and faded memories.
Ghost Trains see Books above.
Ghost trees are a stand of bleached-white, twisted Monterey cypress trees.
Ghost walks provide some chilling tales on an evenings stroll through the haunted city.
Ghost warriors have a attack and defense values of zero.
Ghost writers are common.
Ghost writers sign nondisclosure agreements, after all.
Ghost writing is a threat to professions, particularly exercise physiology.
Ghost writing is available by special arrangement.
A ghost is a shadow
Ghost allows the target partition to be expanded or contracted.
Ghost belts out a great love-type song.
Ghost can also split an image to span more than one disk.
Ghost can create mirror images of individual files, selected directories, or entire hard drives.
Ghost can display dialog boxes with specified picture and text with sound.
Ghost comes in two versions.
Ghost crabs deeper than the width of a man's hand also are safe from tires.
Ghost does seem to work in a rather spooky way.
Ghost executes the commands in the order that they are listed in the text file.
Ghost handles all the partitioning and formatting necessary to make it compatible.
Ghost has two modes of operation - menu driven user interface, and a batch mode.
Ghost inspires a deep fear in some folks.
Ghost is a good example.
Ghost is a hauntingly good read.
Ghost is a PC disk cloning and copying utility.
Ghost is a small, yet mighty program.
Ghost is a time saver as well as added security, just in case.
Ghost is also easy to use.
Ghost is also impressive in how it never allows the listener to pigeonhole the band.
Ghost is an example of a cloning tool.
Ghost is available in two basic packages.
Ghost is divided into three loosely connected parts.
Ghost is essentially a disk-copying program.
Ghost is extremely simple to use.
Ghost is in the theaters.
Ghost is one.
Ghost is only available electronically.
Ghost is psychically sensitive, and can tell that something is about to happen.
Ghost is shareware.
Ghost is the clear leader in the disk cloning market .
Ghost is used to backup and restore computers.
Ghost is used to make images of hard drives, which are then stored on a centralized image server.
Ghost is very useful in computer labs, classrooms, libraries, etc.
Ghost is very vibrant with detail descriptions that vividly paint the story with very few words.
Ghost is very vibrant with detail-descriptions that vividly paint the story with very few words.
Ghost isa representation.
Ghost moves up and down out of pumpkin.
Ghost needs cover to take that thing out.
Ghost opens up with a young couple in love moving into their first apartment.
Ghost pretend around the racing helmet.
Ghost pretend around the steelers jacket.
Ghost protects hidden treasure.
Ghost proves to be a somnambulist.
Ghost provides trigger for revenge.
Ghost soon yearns to follow the call of the hunting horn.
Ghost spend at all toe after prepare billy tipton.
Ghost stands and goes to the door.
Ghost starts sails on a secret mission.
Ghost starts walking faster.
Ghost Take a tp tube, stand it up and stuff a paper towel in the top, making a rounded mound on top.
Ghost Take turns calling out letters that form a word comprised of at least three letters.
Ghost uses a variety of methods for accessing hard drives.
Ghost View the collections, find the stockists and hear the latest news on the floaty fashion brand.
Ghost works with both.
Ghost written books are eligible under the above guidelines.
Ghosts abound in a bleak fragmented landscape.
Ghosts also arise when seismograms are recorded in a shallow borehole.
Ghosts appear in cold damp environments traditionally.
Ghosts appear through paint.
Ghosts are almost everywhere in one form or another.
Ghosts are always frustrated and hell beings always suffer.
Ghosts are always very bad elements, always creating a fearful situation for others.
Ghosts are an optional extra.
Ghosts are angels without halos.
Ghosts are apparition.
Ghosts are apt to invert.
Ghosts are believed to wander around almost exclusively during night-time.
Ghosts are crafty in manipulating our physical environment.
Ghosts are created by death.
Ghosts are delusion.
Ghosts are everywhere and they are people without physical bodies.
Ghosts are everywhere in every town.
Ghosts are everywhere.
Ghosts are focused and imaged in the dispersion plane of the monochromator.
Ghosts are for the most part good spirits, just as people are for the most part good.
Ghosts are just dead people, after all.
Ghosts are just ex-people.
Ghosts are just way too powerful.
Ghosts are lamps which find external sources of power.
Ghosts are like uniformed armed men shooting other men.
Ghosts are located in attics.
Ghosts are located in cellars.
Ghosts are located in cemeteries.
Ghosts are never average citizens who died peacefully.
Ghosts are never friendly.
Ghosts are no more evil than the living, despite the horror stories and Hollywood hype.
Ghosts are nothing more than evil spirits trying to confuse mankind.
Ghosts are one thing.
Ghosts are out of date.
Ghosts are people without bodies, complete with their attitudes, personalities and emotions.
Ghosts are people without bodies.
Ghosts are read-only information holders.
Ghosts are real.
Ghosts are really easy to make, as well.
Ghosts are said to form right after they die, or even centuries later.
Ghosts are shadowy silent figures and no one has ever been able to prove that they exist.
Ghosts are simply the product of self hypnosis.
Ghosts are singles.
Ghosts are souls.
Ghosts are spirit.
Ghosts are spooky, etherial, nebulous apparitions.
Ghosts are stereotypical villains for people in European derived cultures.
Ghosts are still present in Hawaii today.
Ghosts are such disincarnate entities.
Ghosts are the products of over-active imaginations.
Ghosts are the result of movement in the scene during shooting.
Ghosts are the spiritual remains of living people.
Ghosts are, by most commonly accepted definitions, unsettled beings.
Ghosts begin fading in and out.
Ghosts begin walking at night.
Ghosts can be eccentric, manifesting for some people and snubbing others.
Ghosts can be very fierce and instructive.
Ghosts can combine into one another.
Ghosts can pass through solid objects.
Ghosts can see themselves behind foliage now with circle of transparency.
Ghosts cause fear.
Ghosts come calling in the night.
Ghosts comfort the young heroine, who has recently died in childbirth.
Ghosts count off as both a human and a vampire.
Ghosts even take up with dumb creatures too dogs, cats, skunks, whatever it takes.
Ghosts favor certain kinds of locations.
Ghosts fish often with moons.
Ghosts float in the river of death.
Ghosts generally have more iridescence than normal.
Ghosts has aesthetics and a sense of spirituality working for it.
Ghosts haunt our heads, demons are loose in our spinal fluid.
Ghosts haunt the front of the house, and ghastly bodies are scattered in the yard.
Ghosts have the ability to drain fully charged instruments.
Ghosts is no longer obscene, but neither is it simply old-fashioned.
Ghosts like to mess with anything electrical.
Ghosts live in kids' bedrooms.
Ghosts look like vicious mimes.
Ghosts love to be pranksters.
Ghosts make an ideal vehicle for relating to the metaphysical.
Ghosts make better copy, especially when a faculty curse accompanies the event.
Ghosts make love in creekside rushes, inventing poems where ghost birds stride on heron legs.
Ghosts only come out when it's dark.
Ghosts play solitaire.
Ghosts present themselves in many forms.
Ghosts remain to be one of the mysteries of the world.
Ghosts represent the fear and fascination of death and what comes after.
Ghosts seem to be more commonplace, however, and therefore more easily researched.
Ghosts seem to manifest in a few interesting ways on film.
Ghosts sing an ancient Greek hymn to the sun.
Ghosts swish past, year in, out, they speak saying nothing, wisdom in silence is golden.
Ghosts tend to produce a much higher reading than normal background energy fields.
Ghosts walk the canyon talking about nothing much.
Ghosts wander in and out of the narratives.
Ghosts writhe in the thick air.
Ghosts often haunt a location or someone living, and they sometimes appear as a warning.
Ghosts often look around corners and are easy to hit.
Ghosts often show themselves to humans in a form that the human remembers.
All ghosts are difficult to see.
All ghosts are evil.
All ghosts are hungry.
All ghosts are scary in their own way.
Any ghosts clothe conscious or active, how bicycle bring anybody.
Many ghosts haunt Mississippi.
More ghosts come.
Most ghosts appear at dusk, or after dark.
Most ghosts are spirits with unfinished business on earth.
Most ghosts seem to fade away over time.
Some ghosts are children.
Some ghosts are friendly like Casper.
Some ghosts are just stubborn that way.
Some ghosts are negative some are positive.
Some ghosts are nothing but a cold spot on the floor.
Some ghosts are said to be friendly and help people who have problems .
Some ghosts are said to be friendly and help people who have problems.
Some ghosts are scary, while others are benevolent.
Some ghosts are so polite.
Some ghosts are women, neither abstract nor pale, their breasts as limp as killed fish.
Some ghosts have deep shafts.
Some ghosts have ventilation shafts.
Some ghosts offer glimpses.
Ghosted area represents a restoration.
Some ghostly characters appear in cartoons.
Ghostly dots appear between the squares.
Some ghostly residents are obnoxious to co-exist with.
Ghosts stories abound.
Ghosts stories are almost purely anecdotal, and seem to be very personal experiences.
A ghostwriter is an author
Ghostwriters never reveal the identity of their clients.
Ghostwritten applications are a more common phenomenon.
A ghoul is a thief
Ghouls are all but useless.
Ghouls are evil spirit.
Ghouls are in the cellar, But fays upon the stairs.
Ghouls are never stunned, feels no pain.
Ghouls are no different than humans.
Ghouls are relatively harmless creatures who live on spiders and moths.
Ghouls are the result of massive radiation poisoning.
Ghouls are the servants of vampires.
Ghouls live in burial grounds and other uninhabited places .
Ghouls live in burial grounds and other uninhabited places.
Ghouls often make Reckless attacks.
Ghouls usually roam old ruins and scorched villages.
Some ghouls never change.
Ghrapp shin seose y clieau yn reayrt dy akin.
Giant acorns serve as vases, and gray granite kitty-cats curl at the grave's foot.
Giant alligators populate virgin forests draped in Spanish moss.
Giant amphibians disappear and giant reptiles become dominant.
Giant anemones have guts.
Most giant anemones have guts.
Some giant anemones have basal disks.
Some giant anemones have disks.
Some giant anemones have tubes.
Giant ants are among the hardiest and most adaptable vermin.
Giant ants have abdomens.
Most giant ants have abdomens.
Giant anteater gets their requirement of water through licking wet vegetation.
Giant anteaters are able to reproduce about every nine months.
Giant anteaters are also very good swimmers.
Giant anteaters are generally solitary.
Giant anteaters are good swimmers and are capable of moving through wide rivers.
Giant anteaters are in danger of extinction in the wild.
Giant anteaters are really good at what they do.
Giant Anteaters are unquestionably one of the most unusual looking species.
Giant anteaters climb trees.
Giant anteaters eat insects.
Giant anteaters feed on ants.
Giant anteaters forage for food.
Giant anteaters have bushy tails.
Giant anteaters have interaction.
Giant anteaters have long tongues.
Giant anteaters have natural predators.
Giant anteaters have predators.
Giant anteaters have ribs.
Giant anteaters have tails.
Giant anteaters have teeth.
Giant anteaters have tongues.
Giant anteaters live for years.
Giant anteaters use digestion.
Giant anteaters use grass.
Giant anteaters use long noses.
Giant anteaters use noses.
Giant anteaters use prey digestion.
Giant anteaters use tall grass.
Giant anteaters walk with a slow shuffle on all four legs with their nose pointed to the ground.
Most giant anteaters climb trees.
Most giant anteaters eat insects.
Most giant anteaters feed on ants.
Most giant anteaters have bushy tails.
Most giant anteaters have interaction.
Most giant anteaters have long tongues.
Most giant anteaters have natural predators.
Most giant anteaters have predators.
Most giant anteaters have tails.
Most giant anteaters have teeth.
Most giant anteaters have tongues.
Most giant anteaters live for years.
Most giant anteaters use digestion.
Most giant anteaters use grass.
Most giant anteaters use long noses.
Most giant anteaters use noses.
Most giant anteaters use prey digestion.
Most giant anteaters use tall grass.
Some giant anteaters have requirements.
Some giant anteaters have snouts.
Some giant anteaters kill hunters.
Some giant anteaters kill predators.
Some giant anteaters live in grassland.
Giant antlers weave their way through the spruce trees.
Giant armadillos are solitary and nocturnal , spending the day in burrows.
Giant armadillos dig burrows.
Giant armadillos live in habitats.
Giant armadillos reach maturity.
Giant armadillos reach sexual maturity.
Most giant armadillos live in habitats.
Most giant armadillos reach maturity.
Most giant armadillos reach sexual maturity.
Some giant armadillos have clubs.
Some giant armadillos use claws.
Some giant armadillos use front claws.
Some giant armadillos use large claws.
Some giant armadillos use large front claws.
Giant asteroid threatens global annihilation.
Some giant balloons are used by archaeologists.
Some giant balloons are used by underwater archaeologists.
Giant bamboos are the largest members of the grass family.
Giant bees sting creatures.
Giant berries extend the season in cool climates.
Giant bicycles believe in a down and dirty hardtail, lightweight and moves fast.
Giant bikes offer high performance and parts for an incredible value.
Giant billboards camouflage construction's sidewalk sheds.
Giant birds prey on animals.
Giant birds prey on large animals.
Giant birds prey on large game animals.
Most giant birds prey on animals.
Most giant birds prey on large animals.
Most giant birds prey on large game animals.
Giant blue whales feed on plankton.
Giant bluefin have more power and stamina than anything else.
Giant bluefin travelling in large schools are typically close behind.
Giant bluegills are truly something special.
Giant boas are among the slowest of snakes.
Giant boulders float on tons of solid rock.
Giant boulders mark each golf hole and have been carved by artisans with lovely sunray designs.
Giant boulders push into the ocean, waves crash into coves, and fissures spray foam high in the air.
Giant boulders speck the forest.
Giant boulders stud some of the pinnacles, left behind by a retreating glacier.
Giant breeds reach weight.
Giant breeds tend to be short-lived.
Most giant breeds reach weight.
Some giant breeds have lower activity level than many smaller breeds.
Some giant breeds have years.
Giant brownies are achingly sweet and sometimes stale.
Giant bubbles are a great icebreaker.
Giant butterflies are among the most spectacular of the insects.
Most giant cacti grow feet.
Most giant cacti live for years.
Giant cacti grow feet.
Giant cacti live for years.
A giant cane is bamboo
Giant cane is a difficult species to control.
Giant cane is renovated by carefully controlled fires.
Giant cells are absent.
Giant cells are evident.
Giant cells are far more than an oddity.
Giant cells are fragile and usually die within a day or so.
Giant cells are often present.
Giant cells are related to inflammation and healing.
Giant cells are usually present, but the number is quite variable from case to case.
Giant cells contain dozens of nuclei and are mixed with small cells.
Many giant cells are present in the granulomatawhich contain the organisms.
Giant centipedes are relatively rare.
Some giant centipedes feed on animals.
Some giant centipedes live in deserts.
Giant channels emptying onto the surface below the shoreline provide further support.
Giant chess is eye-catching but is also designed to be played.
Giant chinquapin is monecious.
Giant chinquapin regenerates both sexually and vegetatively.
A giant clam is a clam
Giant clams are also valuable for aquarium markets and for their shells, which have many uses.
Giant clams are an intermediate.
Giant clams are clams.
Giant clams are harvested for meat.
Giant clams are hermaphrodites, capable of producing sperm and eggs.
Giant clams grow up.
Giant clams have a symbiotic relationship with algae.
Giant clams have shells.
Giant clams inhabit coral reefs.
Giant clams inhabit reefs.
Most giant clams are harvested for meat.
Most giant clams have shells.
Most giant clams inhabit coral reefs.
Some giant clams live in communities.
Giant columns appear through out the land.
Giant columns form when the two features meet.
Giant constrictor snakes become predators.
Some giant constrictors have territory.
Giant coots have bills.
Giant coots have limit ranges.
Giant coots have ranges.
Most giant coots have bills.
Most giant coots have limit ranges.
Most giant coots have ranges.
Giant copper kettles b.
Giant corporations are on a collision course with democracy.
Giant corporations make long distance life and death decisions about patients.
Giant corporations reinvent themselves on the web or face extinction.
Giant corporations wield unprecedented power over the public mind.
Many giant corporations have long histories of violating regulatory law.
Giant covalent structures contain atoms.
Giant cow eats small children.
A giant crab is a spider crab
Giant crabs appear throughout the game and so do skeletons.
Some giant creatures evolve from ancestors.
Some giant crocodiles feed on plankton.
Some giant crocodiles feed on tiny plankton.
Giant crocodilians prefer environments.
Most giant crocodilians prefer environments.
Giant cuttlefish are voracious predators, feeding on a variety of fish and crustaceans.
Giant detectors watch what happens when high energy particles collide with each other.
Giant dioon has shiny, stiff, light to bright green leaves that grow in an upright nest shape.
Giant dioon prefers partial shade or partial sun to full sun.
Giant dogs witn unique courage have been recorded from the earliest civilization.
Giant dragons rule the lands.
Giant duckweed has two to three rounded leaves, which are usually connected.
Giant duckweed is a native floating plant in Florida.
Giant duckweed is one of the largest of several types of duckweed.
Giant dust devils routinely kick up the oxidized iron dust that covers Mars' surface.
Giant elands have legs.
Giant elands reach maturity.
Giant elands reach sexual maturity.
Most giant elands have legs.
Giant engines hum a song, of power to be released.
Giant enlargements are half price .
Giant eruptions can literally affect the whole world.
Giant fans are still breathless.
Giant fans are used to blow away and remove the petals from the denser tea leaves.
Giant ferns reach height.
Most giant ferns reach height.
Giant flowerpots line a unique outdoor dining and relaxing area.
Giant footsteps plow an ominous path through miles of Panamanian forests and beaches.
A giant foxtail is grass
Giant foxtail grows best on fertile sandy soils.
Giant foxtail is the major grass weed in the Corn Belt.
Giant foxtail produces large seeds which are valuable wildlife food.
Giant foxtails are foxtails.
Giant freshwater tortoises too inhabit the lake, which is the deepest on the island.
Giant fullerenes take on a pentagonal shape.
Giant gargoyles look over the green lawn and terrace.
Giant geckos have toes.
Most giant geckos have toes.
Giant gourds are the kings of the gourd family.
Giant green anemones have guts.
Giant hemlocks face preditor .
Giant hornets have venom.
Most giant hornets have venom.
Giant iceberg breaks off Antarctica.
Giant iceberg breaks off.
Giant iceberg is born in Antarctica.
Giant industries discharge their messages into the mainstream of common consciousness.
Giant insects have characteristics.
Giant insects have unfortunate characteristics.
Giant insects sing perky songs.
Most giant insects have characteristics.
Most giant insects have unfortunate characteristics.
Giant isopods are brown or pale lilac in color.
Giant isopods are carnivores.
Giant isopods live on the shelves or slopes of the world's sea floors.
Giant isopods reproduce by laying eggs.
Giant judgments create a continuing cost in the system through their intimidating nature.
Giant kelp attracts marine life which draws recreational users to the sanctuary.
Giant kelp can grow a foot a day, sometimes two.
Giant kelp forms undersea forests in the cool waters of many of the world's oceans.
Giant kelp grows from tiny cells, called spores.
Giant kelp grows in cool coastal waters where sunlight can go down to a rocky sea floor.
Giant kelp grows in water.
Giant kelp has a multitude of inhabitants.
Giant kelp is a brown algae.
Giant kelp is one of the world's fastest growing plants.
Giant kelp is particularly sensitive to changes in climate that alter wave and nutrient conditions.
Giant kelp is the main food source of abalone.
Giant kelp is the tallest of all the underwater plants.
Giant kelp provides one of the most important habitats along the Pacific coast.
Giant kelp rises to the distant surface.
Most giant kelp grows in water.
Some giant kelp provides food.
Giant koalas inhabit regions.
Most giant koalas inhabit regions.
Giant labels can afford to sign hundreds of artists with out ever releasing their albums.
Giant lake hides beneath Antarctica s ice.
Giant landslides are part of the evolution of most Hawaiian volcanoes.
Giant letters bear a message that can be seen for miles around.
Giant letters bear a message that can be seen for miles.
Giant libraries carry their aging, brittle collections like shells upon the backs of snails.
Some giant lizards eat deer.
Some giant lizards occur in areas.
Giant madagascar day geckos have toes.
Giant mammals flourish.
Some giant mammals have humps.
Giant man eating alien worms eat up the people of a small town and their sheep.
Giant mayflies are really curious, being unique among all species of insects.
Giant mayflies live in areas.
Giant mayflies live in same areas.
Giant mayflies mate once in their life.
Most giant mayflies live in areas.
Most giant mayflies live in same areas.
Some giant mayflies go through incomplete metamorphosis.
Some giant mayflies go through metamorphosis.
Giant mealworms are the best bait for panfish.
Giant millipedes are available from supply houses.
Giant millipedes are herbivores, dining in the wild on decaying material.
Giant mistakes are easier to see.
Giant monsters are cool.
Giant mosquitos make big splats.
Giant moths have antennas.
Giant moths have shape antennas.
Most giant moths have antennas.
Most giant moths have shape antennas.
Giant mussels live in water.
Most giant mussels live in water.
Giant oaks sporting huge dreadlocks of Spanish moss overhangs the street.
Giant oaks surround the buildings, which sit on a totally peaceful and quiet plain.
Giant osteoclasts are specialized bone phagocytic cells.
Giant otters are diurnal animals.
Giant otters are mammals.
Giant otters are more social than river otters, but separate groups tend to avoid each other.
Giant otters are otters.
Giant otters are strictly diurnal.
Giant otters are terrestrial animals.
Giant otters are very sensitive to human disturbance.
Giant otters are very social animals.
Giant otters eat mainly fishes and crabs.
Giant otters exhibit a high degree of pair bonding and group cohesiveness.
Giant otters have large, fleshy feet with thick webbing that extends to the tips of the digits.
Giant otters live in lakes and slow-moving rivers in forested areas.
Giant palm boring beetles keep the palm population young and vibrant.
Giant palms sway dark leafy fronds as coconuts nestle in their leaves.
A giant panda is a procyonid
Giant panda eating bamboo The giant panda is an endangered species .
Giant pandas are a native to central-western and south western china.
Giant pandas are a solitary species and generally try to avoid one another.
Giant pandas are a very beautiful animal.
Giant pandas are about the size of an American black bear .
Giant pandas are about the size of an American black bear.
Giant pandas are also popular zoo exhibits attracting many people.
Giant pandas are among the most popular and rare endangered species in the world.
Giant pandas are among the rarest mammals in the world.
Giant pandas are an endangered species.
Giant pandas are an exception among the placental mammals.
Giant pandas are bear-like in shape with striking black and white markings.
Giant pandas are bears .
Giant pandas are bears that are native to China, where they are considered a national treasure.
Giant pandas are bears.
Giant pandas are biologically unique.
Giant pandas are black and white and loved all over.
Giant pandas are black and white bears that live in temperate-zone bamboo forests in central China.
Giant pandas are by far the rarest members of the bear family.
Giant pandas are by nature solitary animals.
Giant pandas are closer to the bear family, while the red pandas are closer to the raccoon family.
Giant pandas are considered to be one of the world's most endangered species.
Giant pandas are critically endangered in the wild.
Giant pandas are cute, but odd.
Giant pandas are generally solitary, each adult having a well-defined home range.
Giant pandas are generally solitary.
Giant pandas are highly endangered.
Giant pandas are loners.
Giant pandas are now so rare that even in their homeland of China few exist outside of zoos.
Giant pandas are one of the cutest animals in the world.
Giant pandas are perhaps the most unusual of the world's eight species of bears.
Giant pandas are popular zoo animals, but they are extremely difficult to breed.
Giant pandas are rare and are protected by law in China.
Giant pandas are solitary mammals, preferring to spend their days moving about in search of bamboo.
Giant pandas are white and black.
Giant pandas do occasionally vocalize when playing.
Giant pandas do.
Giant pandas drink water.
Giant pandas eat bamboo .
Giant pandas eat bamboo plants.
Giant pandas eat bamboo.
Giant pandas eat lots of bamboo.
Giant pandas eat no meat at all and survive on a diet that consists exclusively of plants.
Giant pandas eat plants.
Giant pandas eat virtually every part of the bamboo plant except the roots and barely chew at all.
Giant pandas exhibit a peculiar evolutionary adaptation known as delayed implantation.
Giant pandas exhibit another peculiar evolutionary adaptation known as delayed implantation.
Giant pandas face survival.
Giant pandas feed on bamboo.
Giant pandas get a lot of water from the bamboo they eat .
Giant pandas get a lot of water from the bamboo they eat.
Giant pandas get into positions of various kinds with their seemingly clumsy bodies.
Giant pandas get together.
Giant pandas grip long bamboo stems with their claws and a long wrist bone that acts like a thumb.
Giant pandas have a distinctive appearance.
Giant pandas have a thumb pad on the hand.
Giant pandas have an extremely strict energy budget.
Giant pandas have appetite.
Giant pandas have bones.
Giant pandas have coats.
Giant pandas have features.
Giant pandas have food.
Giant pandas have forepaws which are extremely flexible.
Giant pandas have forepaws, which are extremely flexible.
Giant pandas have front paws.
Giant pandas have heads.
Giant pandas have heavy bones.
Giant pandas have large molar teeth and strong jaw muscles for crushing tough bamboo.
Giant pandas have large molar teeth.
Giant pandas have legs.
Giant pandas have molar teeth.
Giant pandas have paws.
Giant pandas have teeth.
Giant pandas have white coats.
Giant pandas live for years.
Giant pandas live in zoos in China, the United States, Mexico, Japan, Germany, and North Korea.
Giant pandas live only in China and feed mainly on bamboo.
Giant pandas live only in the mountainous bamboo forests in China.
Giant pandas live up to their name.
Giant pandas look like teddy bears.
Giant pandas mate only once a year, producing at most two cubs, only one of which usually survives.
Giant pandas move on all four legs.
Giant pandas need water.
Giant pandas occupy fragment habitats.
Giant pandas occupy habitats.
Giant pandas prefer a diet of various bamboo species.
Giant pandas prefer to live a solitary life.
Giant pandas provide fertilizer for the world's most expensive green tea .
Giant pandas reach ages.
Giant pandas reach breeding maturity between four and eight years of age.
Giant pandas rely heavily on their sense of smell.
Giant pandas search for food.
Giant pandas signify aggression by lowering their heads and staring at their opponents.
Giant pandas spend their lives eating bamboo and walking around the forest floor.
Giant pandas start to breed late, and then usually rear just one young every two years.
Giant pandas survive on diets.
Giant pandas survive on herbivorous diets.
Most giant pandas drink water.
Most giant pandas eat bamboo plants.
Most giant pandas eat plants.
Most giant pandas face survival.
Most giant pandas feed on bamboo.
Most giant pandas have bones.
Most giant pandas have coats.
Most giant pandas have features.
Most giant pandas have food.
Most giant pandas have front paws.
Most giant pandas have heads.
Most giant pandas have heavy bones.
Most giant pandas have large molar teeth.
Most giant pandas have legs.
Most giant pandas have molar teeth.
Most giant pandas have paws.
Most giant pandas have teeth.
Most giant pandas have white coats.
Most giant pandas live for years.
Most giant pandas occupy fragment habitats.
Most giant pandas occupy habitats.
Most giant pandas reach ages.
Most giant pandas survive on diets.
Most giant pandas survive on herbivorous diets.
Some giant pandas eat bamboo.
Some giant pandas eat meat.
Some giant pandas eat rodents.
Some giant pandas have body shapes.
Some giant pandas have diets.
Some giant pandas have shapes.
Some giant pandas reach maturity.
Some giant pandas reach sexual maturity.
Some giant pandas remain in chinas.
Some giant pangolins eat ants.
A giant petrel is a petrel
Giant petrels build poorer nests.
Giant petrels prey upon chicks, whereas at sea their predators are orcas and leopard seals.
Giant pines blend with flowering foliage of hibiscus, bougainvillea and stately palms.
Giant planets are huge reservoirs of hydrogen, a major constituent of comets.
Giant planets can significantly influence terrestrial planet formation.
Giant planets carry the lion's share of angular momentum in a stellar system.
Giant plants produce huge flowers and seed heads.
Giant players Win the fighting belt.
Giant poles become spokes attached to a bowl-shaped hub in which sits a proud priestess.
Giant poplars dot the campsite.
Giant posters run out fast.
Giant predators consume numbers.
More giant projects are in the pipeline.
Giant props are always fun.
Giant puffball grows on the sloping areas of bare earth in urban areas.
Giant puffballs are found in the central and eastern USA and Canada.
Giant puffballs are saprotrophs, meaning they feed on dead organic matter.
Giant puffballs are white with firm white flesh inside.
Giant puffballs live generally in at the edges of forested areas, or in meadows.
Giant puffballs produce spores.
Most giant puffballs produce spores.
Some giant puffballs absorb nutrients.
Some giant puffballs contain spores.
Some giant puffballs have fleshy interiors.
Some giant puffballs have interiors.
Giant puppet go ice skating.
Giant puppets brought by demonstrators keep watch over the portable toilets.
Giant puppets come to life with the magic of black light.
Giant rabbits have special needs in caging, such as a solid floor.
Giant rabbits require plenty of space due to their large size and are literally a big commitment.
Giant ragweeds have seeds.
Giant ragweeds produce seeds.
Giant rats are in the attic and the termites eat the wood.
Giant rats have coats.
Giant rats have grey coats.
Most giant rats have coats.
Most giant rats have grey coats.
Giant redwoods stand magnificently along trails with breathtaking views of mountains and coastline.
A giant reed is a reed
Giant reed develops a tangled mass of flammable shoots and dry leaves at maturity.
Giant reed has a number of uses.
Giant reed has a variety of uses ranging from music to medicine.
Giant reed has the possibility of adopting low plant density.
Giant reed is a hydrophyte, growing along lakes, streams, drains and other wet sites.
Giant reed is a large perennial grass with stems that can resemble bamboo.
Giant reed is also highly flammable throughout most of the year.
Giant reed is native to Europe, and is found in freshwaters in the Mediterranean region.
Giant reeds are reeds.
Giant reeds grow in climate zones.
Giant reeds grow in zones.
Most giant reeds grow in climate zones.
Most giant reeds grow in zones.
Giant reptiles terrorising villages - it's classic Hollywood stuff.
Giant ripples are generated by sea surface waves.
Giant ripples are generated by waves.
Most giant ripples are generated by sea surface waves.
Most giant ripples are generated by waves.
Giant rocks wander through the paths.
Giant rye is suitable for grazing while succulent.
Giant saguaro cacti grow feet.
Giant saguaro cacti live for years.
Giant saguaros can weigh as much as five tons when filled with water.
A giant salamander is a salamander
Giant salamanders are unusual for amphibians in that they lay their eggs in early autumn.
Giant salamanders live in the Pacific Northwest.
Some giant salamanders grow up to feet.
Some giant salamanders occur at density.
Some giant salamanders occur at high density.
Giant salmon eat ducks.
Giant sandwiches cost the same.
Giant schools have a lot of courses in their course catalogs.
Giant scorpions emerge from the waves and attack the ship.
Giant sediment drifts on the continental rise of the Antarctic Peninsula.
A giant sequoia is a redwood
Giant sequoia are the largest trees on earth, and are among the oldest.
Giant sequoia grows best in deep, well-drained sandy loams.
Giant sequoia is a very popular ornamental tree in many areas.
Giant sequoia is found in a humid climate characterized by dry summers.
Giant sequoias are a treasured part of our country's heritage and our state's natural resources.
Giant sequoias are evergreens.
Giant sequoias are in many ways adapted to forest fires.
Giant sequoias are large trees.
Giant sequoias are sequoias.
Giant sequoias are tall trees.
Giant sequoias are the largest living things on earth.
Giant sequoias are the largest trees ever to inhabit the earth, and among the oldest.
Giant sequoias are the largest trees ever to inhabit the earth, and are among the oldest.
Giant sequoias are the most massive trees on Earth.
Giant sequoias are the world's largest single trees and largest living thing by volume .
Giant sequoias depend on fire to reproduce.
Giant sequoias grow so large because they live a very long time and grow quickly.
Giant sequoias rank among the oldest and tallest living things on earth.
Giant sequoias require fire in order to successfully reproduce in adequate numbers.
Some giant serpents wash up on beaches.
Giant sets are a series of exercises done continuously without rest.
Giant sets are combinations of exercises for the same body part all done together successively.
Giant shark terrorizes small isolated seaside community.
Some giant size provides protection.
Giant slalom involves racing down a course for speed.
Giant slalom is similar, except the course is much longer and the gates are spaced farther apart.
Giant slides are big with the kids.
Giant sloths are vicious carnivores.
Giant snakes become predators.
Giant snakes capture our attention as stars of monster movies.
Most giant snakes become predators.
Some giant snakes occur in areas.
Some giant snakes occur in tropical areas.
Giant speakers pump out music mixed on turntables.
Giant species become extinct.
Giant spider intends a solid object.
Giant spiders can only fire webbing as a weapon twice daily.
Giant spiders crawl from dark corners, vampire robots run amok and corpses rise from the graves.
A giant squid is a squid
Giant squid are carnivorous mollusks that have a long, torpedo shaped body.
Giant squid are cool but they're pretty rare.
Giant squid are featured in literature and folklore with a frightening connotation.
Giant squid are mollusks with long, torpedo-shaped bodies and no backbone.
Giant squid are probably big cruisers rather than the fast, powerful swimmers of monster folklore.
Giant squid are the stuff of nightmares.
Giant squid are widespread, occurring in all of the world's oceans.
Giant squid breathe using two large gills inside the mantle cavity.
Giant squid can be long as a school bus.
Giant squid get really large.
Giant squid has large head, eight arms and two tentacles used for grabbing of the prey.
Giant squid has strong jaws which are shaped like a parrot beak.
Giant squid have giant eyes.
Giant squid have no gas spaces in their bodies.
Giant squid have small fins at the rear of their mantles used for locomotion.
Giant squid have the largest eyes of any living creature in the world, the size of a dinner plate.
Giant squid have the most highly developed brain of any invertebrate.
Giant squid is one of the biggest animals on the planet.
Giant squid is the largest of all known squid species and the largest invertebrate on the planet.
Giant squid live very deep in the ocean and are eaten by sperm whales.
Giant squids are a close second though.
Giant squids are located in sea.
Giant squids are predators who hunt in the deep sea further down than light can reach.
Giant squids are squids.
Giant squids are the largest invertebrates which live in groups called schools.
Giant squids capture prey.
Giant squids catch their prey with their tentacles.
Giant squids have eyes.
Giant squids have fins.
Giant squids have heads.
Giant squids have the biggest eyes on earth.
Giant squids have the largest eyes in the world.
Giant squids may have ability.
Giant squids move like all other Cephalopods by rapidly expelling the water from their mantle.
Giant squids spray black ink when they are in danger.
Giant squids swim in schools.
Giant squids weigh pounds.
All giant squid have extremely large eyes, as big as basketballs.
Most giant squids capture prey.
Most giant squids have eyes.
Most giant squids have fins.
Most giant squids have heads.
Most giant squids weigh pounds.
Some giant squids breathe use gills.
Some giant squids eat fish.
Some giant squids eat sea fish.
Some giant squids feed on squids.
Some giant squids have jaws.
Some giant squids have strong jaws.
Some giant squids wash up on beaches.
Some giant squids weigh several tons.
Some giant squids weigh tons.
A giant star is a star
Giant stars form their own clump on the upper-right side of the diagram.
Giant stars lie above the main sequence.
Some giant stars are things in the Tarantula Nebula.
Giant steps are possible.
Giant stickers run out fast.
Giant storms collide on Jupiter.
Giant storms rage in the atmosphere.
Giant subs are always fun as well.
A giant sunflower is a flower
Giant sunflowers are always a hit.
Giant sunflowers are grown from seed.
Giant sunflowers have huge seed heads in the fall.
Giant sycamore shade the main campgrounds.
Giant sycamores shade the main campgrounds.
Giant telescopes invoke a similar feeling.
Giant thunderheads appear and soon rule the sky, As darkness continues to intensify.
Giant ticks are flammable.
Giant toads are beneficial for the gardener and homeowner in general.
A giant tortoise is a tortoise
Giant tortoises are large tortoises.
Giant tortoises are now under strict conservation laws and are categorised as threatened species.
Giant tortoises are tortoises.
Giant tortoises can also survive for long periods without food or water.
Giant tortoises have heads.
Giant tortoises have lifespans.
Giant tortoises have round heads.
Giant tortoises live for years.
Giant tortoises live rather peaceful, trouble-free lives.
All giant tortoises are indeed giant.
Most giant tortoises have heads.
Most giant tortoises have lifespans.
Most giant tortoises have round heads.
Most giant tortoises live for years.
Some giant tortoises eat fruit.
Some giant tortoises reach maturity.
Giant tractors plow the land, then return to plant and fertilize rows of crops.
Giant tree ferns reach height.
Giant trees fill the park.
Giant trees grow here that are much taller than the trees below.
Giant trees provide the four picnic areas with shade for an afternoon meal.
Giant trees stand out beyond the top of the forest.
Giant trees stretch low over the water and shade it with mazes of vines, orchids, and rattan.
Some giant tuna has values.
Giant turbines produce electricity.
Most giant turbines produce electricity.
Giant turtles are indigenous to the island.
Giant turtles are known to live for hundreds of years.
Giant vines curl around a tree trunk that grows into a nude maiden.
Giant water bugs squat on watercress.
Giant waves are caused by earthquakes.
Most giant waves are caused by earthquakes.
Some giant waves are caused by hurricanes.
Giant whales drift around the island.
Giant whales feed on plankton.
Giant whales live in areas.
Most giant whales feed on plankton.
Most giant whales live in areas.
Giant wheals can develop when a deep extension of the swelling occurs.
Giant whiteflies exhibit a strong tendency to feed in groups.
Giant whitefly produces copious amounts of wax.
Giant wombats have distribution.
Most giant wombats have distribution.
Giant worms are the stuff of nightmares.
Some giant worms become life.
Some giant worms have environments.
Some giant worms spit venom.
A giant is an animal
Giants also inhabit Velious, both the nomadic frost giants and the more civilized storm giants.
Giants are a race of beings who have their own ancient society and traditions.
Giants are animals.
Giants are better here.
Giants are big, the water buffalo look like cattle, and the wretched undead look appropriately evil.
Giants are difficult to drive out, but they can usually be outwitted.
Giants are enterprises.
Giants are giant humans.
Giants are gray-brown, with the bristly crest and arm hair finely banded.
Giants are happy to have their music online.
Giants are in danger everywhere in the world.
Giants are intelligent, powerful, and make mighty good shish kebab.
Giants are notoriously stubborn.
Giants are now two points shy of fourth-placed Leicester Riders, with two games in hand.
Giants are people.
Giants are proof that intelligence is more important than size.
Giants are sports teams.
Giants are VERY fond of alcohol.
Giants are very hungry.
Giants are very large and very powerful.
Giants burn the fuel in their stellar cores faster than dwarfs.
Giants do Die.
Giants do have facial furnishings.
Giants do nothing on offense.
Giants eat branches of bushes, tear a dry grass.
Giants emphasize importance of organ donation.
Giants enjoy life on grass.
Giants feel to it.
Giants has a booklet with all the schools listed.
Giants has a new walkway with platform leading to entrance.
Giants has incredible graphics.
Giants have a chance to win homefield for the playoffs.
Giants have bad eyes.
Giants have enormous size and strength packed in a human form.
Giants have much more extended atmospheres, and hence stronger lines.
Giants have no heart.
Giants have quarterbacks.
Giants have runners on second and third.
Giants have the better schedule.
Giants hold a Salsa-style party to honor the Puerto Rican third baseman.
Giants immediately release Strawberry.
Giants is a pleaser to look at, beautiful landscapes, awesome effects and original characters.
Giants look for three-peat vs.
Giants look on, a mixture of emotions and an age of distant longing furowing their mottled brows.
Giants occupy the clouds.
Giants pass big road test, even if it was Chicago.
Giants really deserves it.
Giants really do stalk the world, and most of creation trembles.
Giants represent the difficulties of change and the difficulties involved in making adjustments.
Giants resists easy classification in any single game style.
Giants score big.
Giants score seven runs with two outs and nobody on base.
Giants stand, blocking truth's way.
Giants steal their treasures from human beings.
Giants take life seriously.
Giants walk the screen.
All giants are big.
Many giants shed matter steadily, others violently.
More giants keep forming.
Some giant centipedes prey on bats.
A giantess is a giant
Giantess isa imagination.
Giantesses are always beautiful.
Giardia cockatiels seem to be intensely itchy.
Giardia contamination is found in most surface waters and some groundwaters.
Giardia cysts are easily transmissible.
Giardia cysts are immediately infective when passed in the feces and survive in the environment.
Giardia infection can be tricky to diagnose, since the cysts are excreted only periodically.
Giardia infections are common in wildlife and pet dogs and cats.
Giardia outbreaks are more common but much less likely to cause death.
Giardia outbreaks can occur in communities where water supplies become contaminated with raw sewage.
Giardia parasites are among the most common intestinal parasites is the world.
Giardia parasites are present in most western streams.
Giardia parasites enter the body through food or water and multiply in the small intestine.
Giardia species are endemic in areas of the world that have poor sanitation.
Giardia has (part) cell membranes.
Giardia has (part) cells.
Giardia has (part) corpi.
Giardia has (part) cytoplasm.
Giardia has (part) lips.
Giardia has (part) mouths.
Giardia has (part) nuclei.
Giardia has (part) plasma membranes.
Giardia has (part) sections.
Giardia has (part) vacuoles.
Giardia isa protozoan.
Giardial cysts are very resistant to destruction and remain in the environment year round.
Giardial infection is a common cause of infective diarrhoea throughout the world.
A giardiasis is infection
Giardiasis affects persons of all ages.
Giardiasis can be an important cause of diarrhea in animals and man.
Giardiasis can be an important cause of illness, especially diarrhea, in animals and man.
Giardiasis causes diarhea, cramps, and bloating.
Giardiasis commonly affects many members of the same family.
Giardiasis is a common ailment of children in day care centers.
Giardiasis is a communicable gastrointestinal disease characterized by acute diarrhea.
Giardiasis is a disease caused by the intestinal parasite, giardia lamblia.
Giardiasis is a form of gastroenteritis, also known as gastro.
Giardiasis is a frequent cause of diarrhea.
Giardiasis is a frequent cause of diarrheal disease.
Giardiasis is a gastro-intestinal disease manifested by diarrhea, fatigue, and cramps.
Giardiasis is a lousy way to remember that great trip.
Giardiasis is a major diarrheal disease found throughout the world.
Giardiasis is a problem throughout the area.
Giardiasis is a problem.
Giardiasis is a serious problem so boil or filter all drinking water.
Giardiasis is a serious problem.
Giardiasis is a waterborne disease.
Giardiasis is an important cause of illness in animals and man.
Giardiasis is an infection of the intestine that can cause diarrhea.
Giardiasis is an infection that can be transmitted by many animals, including raccoons.
Giardiasis is another example of a disease caused by a protist.
Giardiasis is caught in the wilderness, and is in fact becoming more widespread.
Giardiasis is caused by the ingestion of infective cysts.
Giardiasis is characterized by fatigue, cramps, diarrhea, and weight loss.
Giardiasis is common in the area.
Giardiasis is common.
Giardiasis is communicable for the entire period of cyst excretion, often months.
Giardiasis is contracted by drinking water that an infected animal or human has used as a toilet.
Giardiasis is known by other names such as a campers' or hikers' disease.
Giardiasis is one of several causes of traveler's diarrhea.
Giardiasis is one of several water-borne diseases which can be contracted in British Columbia.
Giardiasis is one of the most common pathogenic intestinal protozoal infection world-wide.
Giardiasis is prevalent in many species of animal worldwide.
Giardiasis is the most common gastro-enteritis parasite of man in the west.
Giardiasis is the most common intestinal parasitic infection of man.
Giardiasis is the name given to the infection.
Giardiasis is transmitted via the fecal-oral route with the ingestion of cysts .
Giardiasis is treatable.
Giardiasis is treated with medicine.
Giardiasis is treated with prescription medicines that kill the parasites.
Giardiasis isa infection.
Giardiasis occurs worldwide and children are infected more often than adults are.
Giardiasis tends to be a greater problem in some multiple-cat households.
Giardiasises are diseases.
Giardiasis usually represents a zoonosis with cross-infectivity between animals and humans.
Some giardiasises affect people.
Some giardiasises result in diarrhea.
GIAT sign is by the mailbox.
Gibberellic acid can play an important role in seed germination.
Gibberellic acid is a flower inducer that takes the place of a cold period.
Gibberellic acid is a gibberellin
Gibberellic acid is a simpler way to provide freeze rescue to plants.
Gibberellic acid is chemical compounds.
Gibberellic acid is gibberellins.
Gibberellic acid is one of the most important and common gibberellins in plants.
Gibberellic acid is produced in the terminals of shoots and acts to increase cell elongation.
Gibberellic acid is the plant hormone that is responsible for plant tallness.
Gibberellic acids share one growth response with the auxins.
Gibberellin treatments have effects.
Most gibberellin treatments have effects.
A gibberellin is a growth regulator
Gibberellin isa material.
Gibberellin isa stuff.
Gibberellins also stimulate alpha amylase synthesis is the aleurone layer in cereal grains.
Gibberellins are a second class of hormones that stimulate plant growth.
Gibberellins are diterpenoids derived from four isoprenoid units forming a system of four rings.
Gibberellins are growth-promoting hormones.
Gibberellins are hormones that are found throughout the plant.
Gibberellins are most important in stems, fruits and seeds.
Gibberellins are natural plant hormones.
Gibberellins are plant hormone that is in charge of stem elongation.
Gibberellins are plant hormones which affect stem height and, in many species, promote germination.
Gibberellins are plant hormones.
Gibberellins are the leaves and roots that form in the baby plant seed.
Gibberellins are used in agriculture for various purposes.
Gibberellins are well known to promote uniform growth through cell enlargement.
Gibberellins cause enzymatic activity.
Gibberellins generally have no influence on plants of normal size.
Gibberellins have many different effects on plants.
Gibberellins have several effects in green plants, such as cell and stem elongation.
Gibberellins promote stem elongation between nodes on the stem.
Gibberellins regulate growth, flowering and germination.
Gibberellins stimulate cell division and elongation but act more slowly than auxins.
Gibberellins stimulate growth in plants.
A gibbon is an ape
Gibbon isa ape.
Gibbons acknowledges that fears of misuse of information are legitimate and real.
Gibbons also belong to the ape family and they are mostly found in China, India and Indonesia.
Gibbons also considers the tech slowdown a temporary condition.
Gibbons also prey on insects , eggs, spiders and small birds and reptiles.
Gibbons anticipates a culturally unique cinema with international appeal.
Gibbons are a traditional exhibit in zoos, and when displayed well they can be superb.
Gibbons are absolutely dependent upon old growth tropical forests.
Gibbons are active during the day.
Gibbons are also adept, however, at walking upright, both on the ground and in the trees.
Gibbons are also endangered.
Gibbons are also from Asia.
Gibbons are also part of the ape family.
Gibbons are an endangered species, with the white-cheeked variety in particular danger.
Gibbons are anatomically different from other primates.
Gibbons are apes, but superficially resemble monkeys more than they do the great apes.
Gibbons are arboreal animals which means that they spend the majority of their lives in the trees.
Gibbons are arboreal, which means they live and play in trees.
Gibbons are brachiators extraordinaire.
Gibbons are classified in families.
Gibbons are complete tree dwellers, that is, arboreal in nature.
Gibbons are extremely acrobatic and agile.
Gibbons are extremely arboreal in nature and almost never come down to the ground.
Gibbons are found in the rainforests of southeastern Asia.
Gibbons are highly arboreal.
Gibbons are highly important in understanding the evolution of humans and apes.
Gibbons are known for being noisy.
Gibbons are known to be the best tree travelers in the animal kingdom .
Gibbons are known to be the best tree travelers in the animal kingdom.
Gibbons are mammals.
Gibbons are monogamous and form life-long pair bonds.
Gibbons are monogamous and territorial.
Gibbons are monogamous, which is very rare in the animal kingdom.
Gibbons are neither female philopathic nor male philopathic.
Gibbons are omnivorous animals meaning that they eat a mixture of both plant and animal matter.
Gibbons are one of only a few species of primates that mate for life.
Gibbons are pair-bonding with both male and female caring for offspring and defending territory.
Gibbons are part of apes.
Gibbons are primates.
Gibbons are small apes.
Gibbons are social animals.
Gibbons are somewhat unique among the anthropoid apes in that when they walk, they are bipedal.
Gibbons are the best example of the latter.
Gibbons are the least man-like of the arthropoid apes.
Gibbons are the most skilled tree-dwellers of all hominoids.
Gibbons are the most under-researched of the apes.
Gibbons are the smallest and lightest apes found in Southeast Asia.
Gibbons are the smallest and most agile of the apes.
Gibbons are the smallest ape, yet the most agile.
Gibbons are the smallest apes, weighing approx.
Gibbons are the smallest of the apes and the most agile.
Gibbons are the smallest of the apes and, like the other apes, they have no tails.
Gibbons are true brachiators.
Gibbons are vegetarians and eat mostly vegetables, fruit, and leaves.
Gibbons are very acrobatic and agile .
Gibbons are very agile, swinging from tree to tree using a form of locomotion called brachiation.
Gibbons are very extraordinary primates in any respect.
Gibbons are very sensitive to disturbance, which can disrupt their behaviour for several days.
Gibbons are very small and lightweight.
Gibbons are very territorial and live as a family unit.
Gibbons are very territorial.
Gibbons are wild animals.
Gibbons avoid crossing water, and major rivers usually separate each gibbon species in the wild.
Gibbons become the first ape to split from the others.
Gibbons can grasp and carry things with both their hands and their feet.
Gibbons can walk upright.
Gibbons consume food.
Gibbons creates ceramic busts, figures and sculptures.
Gibbons defend their territories both vocally and physically.
Gibbons depend on resources.
Gibbons drink water.
Gibbons eat leaves and fruit in the wild.
Gibbons eat mainly fruit - in addition, they eat leaves, flowers and insects.
Gibbons exhibit numerous anatomical specialisations which are linked to their unusual locomotion.
Gibbons exhibit patterns.
Gibbons feed at dawn and in the afternoon when the temperatures are more comfortable.
Gibbons feels the time has come for meaningful campaign finance reform to be enacted.
Gibbons has a handy record and has ridden here with success before.
Gibbons has a history of securities law violations.
Gibbons have (part) brains.
Gibbons have (part) breasts.
Gibbons have (part) cell membranes.
Gibbons have (part) cells.
Gibbons have (part) chest cavities.
Gibbons have (part) chests.
Gibbons have (part) corpi.
Gibbons have (part) cytoplasm.
Gibbons have (part) ears.
Gibbons have (part) faces.
Gibbons have (part) heads.
Gibbons have (part) nuclei.
Gibbons have (part) pedal extremities.
Gibbons have (part) piluses.
Gibbons have (part) plasma membranes.
Gibbons have (part) rib cages.
Gibbons have (part) sections.
Gibbons have (part) skulls.
Gibbons have (part) sterna.
Gibbons have (part) vacuoles.
Gibbons have (part) vertebrate feet.
Gibbons have a hairless face with dark eyes, small nostrils, and jet-black skin.
Gibbons have a large range that extends over almost all of Southeast Asia.
Gibbons have a loud hooting call and the siamangs are one of the loudest.
Gibbons have a monogamous social structure.
Gibbons have arms so long that they can touch the ground even when standing erect.
Gibbons have arms.
Gibbons have favorite trees to sleep in.
Gibbons have fur.
Gibbons have lightweight bones.
Gibbons have little sexual dimorphism in body size, with the exception of siamangs.
Gibbons have long arms and no tail.
Gibbons have ranges.
Gibbons have territory.
Gibbons have very long arms which are often longer than the gibbon's legs.
Gibbons have very long arms, which they use to swing from branch to branch.
Gibbons insists, though, that the company's database subscription arrangement is viable.
Gibbons is a co-author of Utah's first comprehensive mental health grant.
Gibbons is a college prep school on the SW side of Baltimore.
Gibbons is a fine writer, a much higher caliber than Sparks.
Gibbons is extremely skeptical that sanctions can ever really be a moral tool.
Gibbons is the devil.
Gibbons knows our taxes are too high.
Gibbons live and breed happily.
Gibbons live in families.
Gibbons live in old growth tropical rain forests in southeast Asia.
Gibbons live in small family groups consisting of the mated pair and their immature offspring.
Gibbons live in small family groups made up of a mated pair and their young offspring.
Gibbons live in small family units, and claim a certain area of the forest as their territory.
Gibbons looks skeptical.
Gibbons love fruit.
Gibbons mate for life.
Gibbons normally form groups consisting of an adult monogamous pair and two young.
Gibbons observes that inner-city neighborhoods are most afflicted by burglaries.
Gibbons particularly remembers the strong emphasis on serving others.
Gibbons produce loud and long song bouts.
Gibbons produce offspring.
Gibbons produce sound.
Gibbons produce the most complex songs of all land mammals.
Gibbons proposes an amendment regarding poor people.
Gibbons raises empathy and forgiveness to the level of art.
Gibbons range in color from brown to black.
Gibbons range in color from light sandy blonde to dark brown.
Gibbons represents the suburbs surrounding Las Vegas.
Gibbons says an inventory of hollow-dependent fauna and their requirements is needed.
Gibbons says that their studies always progress from single grain consideration to bulk effects.
Gibbons says the leatherback sea turtle faces a similar threat.
Gibbons says the winners in debt reduction are our children and grandchildren.
Gibbons sees photographic opportunities with computers as unlimited.
Gibbons sees potential.
Gibbons sees that outreach role expanding as technology enables the staff to do more.
Gibbons share their food with each other, often the same piece of fruit.
Gibbons share treetops.
Gibbons show a preference for fleshy, sugary fruit and figs.
Gibbons show no signs of sexual dimorphism that is common in many other primates.
Gibbons sleep upright.
Gibbons spend almost all of their time in the treetops of the rainforest.
Gibbons spend their entire lives in the tall trees of tropical rainforests.
Gibbons stay busy for most of the day .
Gibbons stay busy for most of the day.
Gibbons supports a healthy well-trained bass population.
Gibbons swing through trees efficiently.
Gibbons thinks that late-bearing varieties are the way to go, to miss the peak of harvest in Oregon.
Gibbons thrive on the abundant fruit trees in their tropical range, and are especially fond of figs.
Gibbons understands the important role played by the mining industry in our nation's economy.
Gibbons use a highly specialized mode of locomotion called brachiation .
Gibbons uses parallels poignantly.
Gibbons uses unbiased illustrations to promote equity of gender, age, race and exceptionality.
Gibbons writes in a pleasant, lucid style that reads easily.
Gibbons writes short, accessible novels set in North Carolina.
Gibbons usually produce only a single offspring.
All gibbons are arboreal and diurnal .
All gibbons are very slender.
Most gibbons are classified in families.
Most gibbons consume food.
Most gibbons depend on resources.
Most gibbons drink water.
Most gibbons have arms.
Most gibbons have fur.
Most gibbons have ranges.
Most gibbons have territory.
Most gibbons live in families.
Most gibbons love fruit.
Most gibbons produce offspring.
Most gibbons produce sound.
Some gibbons become commissioners.
Some gibbons become homes.
Some gibbons eat plants.
Some gibbons get flu.
Some gibbons get human flu.
Some gibbons have babies.
Some gibbons have concentration.
Some gibbons have hinds.
Some gibbons have levels.
Some gibbons have mates.
Some gibbons have predators.
Some gibbons occupy specialize niches.
Some gibbons serve functions.
Some gibbons serve important functions.
Some gibbons stay with mothers.
Gibbosity is a projection
Gibbosity is the condition of being gibbous.
Gibbous moon gives fitful light.
Gibbous moon refers to the appearance of the moon before and after the Full moon.
Gibbous phase is formed directly after the full moon.
Gibbous phases are phases between quarter and full phases.
Giberellic acid is available at garden centers for creating larger blossoms on camellias.
Giblet gravy boil the neck, liver, heart, and gizzard with plenty of liquid until done.
A giblet is an organs
Giblets are any of the edible internal parts of a fowl, such as the gizzard, heart, liver, and neck.
Giblets are bold and invest in the moment.
Giblets are part of birds.
Giblets are the edible internal parts of birds, such as the gizzard, heart, liver and neck.
Giblets are the turkey's gizzard, heart and liver.
Gift aid becomes the primary means of tax-effective giving.
Gift aid carries no repayment or service requirement, and is typically grants and scholarships.
Gift aid includes grants and scholarships.
Gift aid includes scholarships and grants that require no repayment.
Gift aid includes scholarships and grants.
Gift aid is free money such as scholarships and grants.
Gift aid is money from scholarship and federal or state grant funds.
Gift aid refers to scholarships and grants which usually require no repayment by the student.
Gift art is welcomed.
Gift basket includes bath brush, bath cushion, nail and foot care set.
Gift basket includes four glass sundae dishes and four hard candy sticks.
Gift basket shown has a seashore theme of aqua and white.
Gift baskets are a creative and personal way to spread holiday cheer.
Gift baskets are a delightful way to really personalize a gift.
Gift baskets are also available here.
Gift baskets are also available.
Gift baskets are always A Perfect Present.
Gift baskets are an amazing way to make cash.
Gift baskets are appropriate for just about any occasion, happy or sad, personal or business.
Gift baskets are available any time of year.
Gift baskets are available at anytime throughout the year.
Gift baskets are available for an additional charge.
Gift baskets are available for any occasion.
Gift baskets are available for purchase at our store.
Gift baskets are available with all of our delicious products.
Gift baskets are available with fruit, junk food, coffee and more.
Gift baskets are available.
Gift baskets are custom-made to the exact needs of personal and corporate customers.
Gift baskets are gifts.
Gift baskets are great gifts.
Gift baskets are hand packed and elegantly wrapped.
Gift baskets are just an imagination away.
Gift baskets are non-refundable.
Gift baskets are only available until the current inventory is sold.
Gift baskets are shipped from New York, so please allow enough time for shipping.
Gift baskets are sure to please anyone on any occasion.
Gift baskets are the perfect gift for any occasion.
Gift baskets are the perfect, thoughtful holiday present.
Gift baskets are versatile and are ideal for both corporate or personal gift giving.
Gift baskets are wonderful ideas for people of all ages, shapes, and forms.
Gift Baskets Bring Smiles.
Gift Baskets Have each guest bring a basket full of goodies.
Gift baskets help celebrate birthdays or welcome the new pup on the block.
Gift baskets look best if they are a grouping of products with a common theme.
Gift baskets make a great gift for any occasion.
Gift Baskets make a wonderful gift giving alternative during the festive season.
Gift Baskets make the perfect gift for every occasion.
Gift Baskets make wonderful gifts.
Gift baskets perfect for baby showers, that first hospital visit or to welcome the new baby home.
All gift baskets are custom designed complete with a decorative wrapping and ribbon.
All gift baskets are custom order only.
All gift baskets are totally edible.
Gift book cataloging normally takes several weeks.
Gift books are great impulse items and 'add-on' gifts.
Gift card is included.
Gift cards are also available at no additional charge.
Gift cards are available at no charge.
Gift cards are available for the holidays.
Gift cards are available, too.
Gift cards are available.
Gift cards are optional.
Gift cards are redeemable at any best buy electronics stores for merchandise and services.
Gift cards come with a small bow.
Gift cards offer consumers ease of selection.
Many gift cards carry expiration dates and have restrictions as to how the card can be used.
Gift certificate has no cash value and is non-exchangeable.
Gift certificate is available for any of our adult recreation classes.
Gift certificate is available.
Gift certificate is valid for one year.
Gift certificate is valid for two years.
Gift certificate s available online via secure credit card and secure check.
Gift certificates apply to all courses and workshops offered at the school.
Gift certificates are a great alternative and are always well received.
Gift certificates are a great alternative.
Gift certificates are a great holiday item for a daughter, sister, mom or friend.
Gift certificates are a great way to give environmentally responsibly.
Gift certificates are a great way to say thanks to someone special.
Gift certificates are a grey area.
Gift certificates are also available at the front desk.
Gift certificates are also available for adoptable pets.
Gift certificates are also available for any denomination.
Gift certificates are also available for any excursion.
Gift certificates are also available for holiday gift giving.
Gift certificates are also available for lessons or equipment.
Gift certificates are also available for purchase by credit card.
Gift certificates are also available for that hard to buy for loved one.
Gift certificates are also available for the undecided.
Gift certificates are also available in any denominations throughout the year.
Gift certificates are also available in the gift shop.
Gift certificates are also available through the case managers.
Gift certificates are also available to mail or e-mail.
Gift certificates are also available with no personalization.
Gift certificates are also available.
Gift certificates are also available-the perfect gift for anyone.
Gift certificates are also easily accessible to purchase right from the opening page.
Gift certificates are always available .
Gift certificates are always available for any package in any denomination.
Gift certificates are always available.
Gift certificates are always popular.
Gift certificates are always the perfect idea.
Gift certificates are an easy and versatile way to reward employees, business contacts, or clients.
Gift certificates are an excellent way to give someone a sling.
Gift certificates are an ideal gift for virtually every recipient and every occasion.
Gift certificates are available - inquire with innkeeper.
Gift certificates are available .
Gift certificates are available all year round.
Gift certificates are available and are a great idea for baby showers.
Gift certificates are available and are a perfect gift for any occasion.
Gift certificates are available and are perfect for birthdays.
Gift certificates are available and are perfect for weddings, holidays and birthdays.
Gift certificates are available and blankets are provided.
Gift certificates are available and can be purchased at the theatre.
Gift certificates are available and can be used at most of the businesses.
Gift certificates are available and can be used for any course.
Gift certificates are available and create and check wish lists.
Gift certificates are available and discounts are given based on volume.
Gift certificates are available and gift memberships are always appreciated.
Gift certificates are available and make excellent gifts.
Gift certificates are available and make healthy holiday presents.
Gift certificates are available and make thoughtful and useful gifts.
Gift certificates are available and make wonderful gifts.
Gift certificates are available and make wonderful presents.
Gift certificates are available and passengers can book a flight online at their website.
Gift certificates are available and the resort does offer a number of special packages.
Gift certificates are available and there is an art leasing program.
Gift certificates are available and they have an exclusive balloon gift shop on premises.
Gift certificates are available and very popular.
Gift certificates are available as are salon and spa packages.
Gift certificates are available as prizes or tee favors.
Gift certificates are available as well for our special events.
Gift certificates are available at any of our stores.
Gift certificates are available at any time of the year to give to that special someone.
Gift certificates are available at every location.
Gift certificates are available at our box office.
Gift certificates are available at the agency.
Gift certificates are available at the front desk.
Gift certificates are available at the restaurant.
Gift certificates are available by request.
Gift certificates are available by telephone.
Gift certificates are available for a full range of services.
Gift certificates are available for a stay at the Inn.
Gift certificates are available for a unique and thoughtful gift.
Gift certificates are available for all goods and services.
Gift certificates are available for all occasions.
Gift certificates are available for all of our flight services.
Gift certificates are available for all of the treatments, packages, and retail products.
Gift certificates are available for all our adventures.
Gift certificates are available for all our treatments.
Gift certificates are available for all products, classes and services.
Gift certificates are available for all services.
Gift certificates are available for all shows.
Gift certificates are available for any amount.
Gift certificates are available for any camp program.
Gift certificates are available for any dollar amount.
Gift certificates are available for any occasion.
Gift certificates are available for any of our services.
Gift certificates are available for any service, spa package or dollar amount.
Gift certificates are available for any time of year.
Gift certificates are available for birthdays, weddings, anniversaries and other occasions.
Gift certificates are available for both lessons and trail rides.
Gift certificates are available for both merchandise and studio classes.
Gift certificates are available for dogs or cats.
Gift certificates are available for either a named dollar amount or for a stay in a particular room.
Gift certificates are available for family and friends.
Gift certificates are available for friends and family.
Gift certificates are available for gift giving to individuals or groups.
Gift certificates are available for holiday gift giving or for any special occasion.
Gift certificates are available for individuals, couples or entire families.
Gift certificates are available for merchandise and golf fees.
Gift certificates are available for programs, activities and memberships.
Gift certificates are available for programs, retreats and books.
Gift certificates are available for purchase at the inn or here online.
Gift certificates are available for purchase by individuals and businesses.
Gift certificates are available for purchase through the front desk.
Gift certificates are available for purchase.
Gift certificates are available for sending via postal mail or last minute e-mail.
Gift certificates are available for services or monetary value.
Gift certificates are available for special occasions.
Gift certificates are available for that special fisherman.
Gift certificates are available for that very special celebration.
Gift certificates are available for the hard to shop for sailor.
Gift certificates are available for the people that are hard to buy for.
Gift certificates are available for the week, weekend, day and individual treatments.
Gift certificates are available in a variety of denominations.
Gift certificates are available in any amount and are valid for one year from the date of purchase.
Gift certificates are available in any amount for all our printed products.
Gift certificates are available in any amount with no expiration date.
Gift certificates are available in any amount, and Canfield's even has a gift registry.
Gift certificates are available in any amount.
Gift certificates are available in any denomination for any occasion.
Gift certificates are available in any denomination, and come in a gift box for presentation.
Gift certificates are available in any denomination, at anytime for any occasion.
Gift certificates are available in any denomination.
Gift certificates are available in any dollar amount.
Gift certificates are available in the denominations above.
Gift certificates are available in the denominations shown below.
Gift certificates are available in varying amounts.
Gift certificates are available now, at special prices.
Gift certificates are available now.
Gift certificates are available through our special order form.
Gift certificates are available to give the gift of knowledge.
Gift certificates are available to print off the site immediately.
Gift certificates are available upon request.
Gift certificates are available with mail-in orders only.
Gift certificates are available year round in any denomination.
Gift certificates are available, great idea for honeymooners, anniversaries, birthdays, etc.
Gift certificates are available.
Gift certificates are availalbe and there are group discounts for ten or more.
Gift certificates are boring - give a unique gift instead.
Gift certificates are completely flexible.
Gift certificates are convenient, but seem too impersonal.
Gift certificates are especially welcome.
Gift certificates are excellent motivational tools for use in corporate incentive programs.
Gift certificates are full value.
Gift certificates are gifts.
Gift certificates are good for one full year from date of purchase and are non refundable.
Gift certificates are good for one year from the date of issue and can be used for any purchase.
Gift certificates are good for one year from the date of purchase.
Gift certificates are good for one year.
Gift certificates are good for six months from purchase.
Gift certificates are good for two years from date of purchase.
Gift certificates are good for two years from the date of issue.
Gift certificates are good for two years from the date of purchase.
Gift certificates are good towards jewelry currently in our store.
Gift certificates are great as stocking stuffers or as unique surprise gifts.
Gift certificates are great for special occasions in the winter.
Gift certificates are in any dollar amount.
Gift certificates are in today.
Gift certificates are like cash, but from Laos.
Gift certificates are non-refundable, but usually are transferable.
Gift certificates are non-refundable.
Gift certificates are nontransferable.
Gift certificates are non-transferrable and have no expiration date.
Gift certificates are now available.
Gift certificates are often available, as are any number of prepaid options with a stationer.
Gift certificates are payable in full at the time of purchase and are valid for one year.
Gift certificates are redeemable at any Logan Farms location.
Gift certificates are redeemable by mail, phone, fax or e-mail.
Gift certificates are redeemable for an annual pass, green fees, golf lessons or golf merchandise.
Gift certificates are redeemable for lunch, dinner, or weekend brunch.
Gift certificates are redeemable for merchandise only.
Gift certificates are redeemable in services only.
Gift certificates are redeemable on purchases only.
Gift certificates are redeemable only for merchandise on our web site.
Gift certificates are redeemable only through the catalog.
Gift certificates are still available and are good for a year.
Gift certificates are subject to the terms and conditions prescribed by the issuing establishment.
Gift certificates are tax-free.
Gift certificates are the perfect gift as they never get returned for wrong size, color etc.
Gift certificates are the perfect gift.
Gift certificates are the perfect solution.
Gift certificates are the same thing.
Gift certificates are the ultimate gift for that person who simply has everything.
Gift certificates are the way to go.
Gift certificates are transferable and are good for one year from date of issuance.
Gift certificates are transferable.
Gift certificates are valid for admission and food and drink.
Gift certificates are valid for one full year from date of issue and are non-refundable.
Gift certificates are valid for one year after the issue date.
Gift certificates are valid for one year from date of purchase.
Gift certificates are valid for one year from the date of purchase.
Gift certificates are valid for one-year.
Gift certificates are valid for single purchases only.
Gift certificates are valid for two years from the issue date.
Gift certificates are valid one year from the date issued.
Gift certificates avail.
Gift certificates can include gratuity upon request.
Gift certificates can only be in whole dollar amounts.
Gift certificates carry no expiration date , and services are scheduled by appointment.
Gift certificates expire from date of purchase.
Gift certificates expire one year after purchase date.
Gift certificates expire one year from date of issue.
Gift certificates expire one year from the date of issue.
Gift certificates expire one year from the date of purchase.
Gift certificates expire one year from the date of their issue.
Gift certificates expire.
Gift certificates have a cash value.
Gift certificates have a high perceived value.
Gift certificates have no cash value.
Gift certificates have no expiration date.
Gift certificates have no expiration dates.
Gift certificates make a great gift and are easy to redeem with the use of the check payment option.
Gift certificates make a longer-lasting impression than cash.
Gift certificates make great alternatives.
Gift certificates make great gifts for teens.
Gift certificates make it easy to shop for someone.
Gift certificates make perfect gifts.
Gift certificates make perfect, long-lasting presents.
Gift certificates make sense for most all incentive and premium programs.
Gift certificates make the perfect gift for any occasion.
Gift certificates make the perfect gift.
Gift certificates make the perfect present for friends, family, and other non- business recipients.
Gift certificates make the perfect present for friends, family, and other non-business recipients.
Gift certificates offer win-win situations for both retailers and customers.
Gift certificates redeemable online.
Gift certificates represent the perfect vehicle for business and corporate goals.
Gift certificates see below.
Gift certificates work especially well for spontaneous or personalized rewards.
Gift certificates work well for teens.
All gift certificates are good for one year from the date of purchase.
All gift certificates are non-refundable, but the name of the receiver can be changed.
All gift certificates are non-refundable.
All gift certificates are only good for one month.
All gift certificates are valid for six months from the date of purchase.
All gift certificates come in a gift envelope.
All gift certificates expire one year from the date of issue.
All gift certificates feature free shipping.
Some gift certificates can seem impersonal, but one redeemable for books is very special.
Gift clubs recognize actual money received in a calendar year.
Gift culture is about competitive gestures of expenditure.
Gift exchange is a time-honored, popular tradition in Japan.
Gift exchange is an integral part of Japanese culture.
Gift givers can check the lists for ideas and buy with a few mouse clicks.
Gift givers can search the site by name or e-mail address to see what someone's holiday hopes are.
Gift givers can select one blanket with both babies' birth information or individual blankets.
Gift givers pay a transaction fee based on the amount of the gift.
Gift givers pay shipping, handling, and taxes.
Gift givers use the search engine to find the student.
Gift givers use the wish list to easily purchase the right gift through affiliate merchants.
Most gift givers overlook the everyday basics that every homeowner needs and uses for each meal.
Gift giving can be a dilemma as well.
Gift giving can be a very confusing exercise.
Gift giving can be part of establishing successful business relationships.
Gift giving depends largely on family traditions and resources.
Gift giving has a long tradition throughout recorded history.
Gift giving has nothing to do with the cost of the gift.
Gift giving helps cement friendships needed for close business relationships.
Gift giving is a heartfelt expression.
Gift giving is a very common practice in both social and business settings.
Gift giving is a way to ensure the recipient's well-being.
Gift giving is about appreciation.
Gift giving is an art.
Gift giving is an established Japanese tradition and accordingly is a very sensitive issue.
Gift giving is an important part of doing business in Japan.
Gift giving is an important part of most Native American communities.
Gift giving is an opportunity to give more than a gift to someone.
Gift giving is appropriate, when accepting a dinner invitation for example.
Gift giving is easy through Classic Baskets, our gift baskets division.
Gift giving is generally low key, but token gifts for advertising is okay.
Gift giving is giving.
Gift giving is important.
Gift giving is synonymous in our society for caring and respect.
Gift giving is very alive in the Native American heart.
Gift giving puts a whole different perspective on theft.
Gift giving reflects occasions of anniversary, birthday, engagement, or graduation.
Most gift giving is sacrificial in some degree.
Some gift giving can go a step too far.
Gift messages are hand-written on a gold foil card and attached to the bow.
Gift registries are nothing new.
Gift registries are the most obscene instances of consumeristic greed.
Gift registries are the most popular areas.
Gift registries make the occasions complete.
Gift registry is the harbinger of Southern wedding culture.
A gift shop is a store
Gift shop features a fine selection of African-American related books.
Gift shop features books and Native American arts and crafts.
Gift shop features European items.
Gift shop features Iroquois artists exclusively.
Gift shop features many unique space related phenomena.
Gift shop features maple products and handcrafted items.
Gift shop features original art, jewelry, ceramics, prints and posters.
Gift shop features renowned Havill pottery.
Gift shop features smoked pheasant, wild game meats, Wisconsin seasonsings and wild rice.
Gift shop features traditional and unique gifts including prints, pewter, home decor.
Gift shop features unique finds from around the country.
Gift shop features wines and wine accessories.
Gift shop has crafts, records, books, and other materials on Ghana.
Gift shop has decorative eggs, crafts.
Gift shop has something for everyone.
Gift shop has traditional handmade goods.
Gift shop is available.
Gift shop is now open.
Gift shop is on location.
Gift shop is open during tours.
Gift shop offers a selection of local handicrafts, specialty foods and cheeses.
Gift shop offers area crafts, folk art and works of Northern Wisconsin artists and artisans.
Gift shop offers guest discount.
Gift shop offers jams, jellies, relishes and nature-related items.
Gift shop offers local crafts.
Gift shop offers many fun and memorable souvenirs of Texas.
Gift shop offers original works of art, pottery, jewelry, weavings, cards and more.
Gift shop offers porcelain, books jewellery.
Gift shop offers postcards, slides, educational books and materials.
Gift shop offers unique Kentucky items.
Gift shop open all day.
Gift shop open all year.
Gift shop proceeds go to hospital programs.
Gift shop seeks cashiers, stock room clerks, display and PR persons, at least four hours a week.
Gift shop sells educational materials and museum-quality fossil reproductions.
Gift shop sells newly-made traditional clothing, jewelry and craft items.
Gift shop sells wines and other products of the abbey.
Gift shops are a smile away.
Gift shops are available at many locations.
Gift shops are located in airports.
Gift shops are located in hotels.
Gift shops are located in museums.
Gift shops are major profit centers at museums.
Gift shops are open daily and carry film, gifts and souvenirs.
Gift shops are shops.
Gift shops offer a huge selection of Native American art, crafts.
Gift shops offer a variety of museum related items.
Gift shops offer ceramic masks, T-shirts, and sex toys.
Gift shops offer the usual trinkets, but also fine jewelry and Cuban cigars.
Gift shops provide specialty items along with wine purchases.
Gift shops sell petrified wood that comes from private land, outside the park.
Gift shops sell souvenirs, arts and crafts.
Many gift shops sell polished stones and jewelry made with especially nice specimens.
A gift tax is a tax
Gift tax is a tax that is imposed during the lifetime of the giver.
Gift tax is calculated and based on the fair market value on the date of transfer.
Gift tax is imposed on property that passes from the donor to the donee.
Gift tax is paid by the donor and applies to all completed lifetime gifts.
Gift tax is payable on the funds donated to the Stichting by a Dutch-resident donor.
Gift tax is the tax that is imposed on the transfer of property by gift during each calendar year .
Gift taxs are taxs.
Gift taxes are tax-exclusive.
Gift vouchers are also a great idea.
Gift vouchers are also available at the service desk as well as directory assistance.
Gift vouchers are also available in larger numbers to suit the corporate world.
Gift vouchers are also available online.
Gift vouchers are also available.
Gift vouchers are available and can be purchased on-line at our store, an ideal gift.
Gift vouchers are available and discounts can be offered through our customer loyalty program .
Gift vouchers are available for all occasions.
Gift vouchers are available for that special person.
Gift vouchers are available.
Gift vouchers are fun.
Gift vouchers make great presents to people with pets.
Gift vouchers make the ideal gift - they're so flexible.
All gift vouchers are available in a variety of denominations.
All gift vouchers are non-refundable.
All gift vouchers are valid for one year from the date of issue.
All gift vouchers have are valid for one year from the date of issue.
Gift wrap is also free.
Gift wrap is always free of charge.
Gift wrap is available at an extra cost.
Gift wrap is available for a fee.
Gift wrap is available upon request.
Gift wrap is complementary.
Gift wrap is free upon request.
Gift wrap is free.
Gift wrap is sealed in mylar to preserve the fresh catnip scent.
Gift wrap is taxable.
A gift wrapping is a wrapper
Gift wrapping are wrapping.
Gift wrapping can become costly, but is easy to economize.
Gift wrapping comes next.
Gift wrapping includes a hand tied gold raffia bow.
Gift wrapping includes a hand tied red raffia bow.
Gift wrapping includes wrapping and a gift card.
Gift wrapping is also available for a nominal charge.
Gift wrapping is also available for a small extra fee.
Gift wrapping is also available.
Gift wrapping is also free.
Gift wrapping is always free.
Gift wrapping is available - see our gift wrap page .
Gift wrapping is available and includes wrapping paper, ribbon and card.
Gift wrapping is available and prices include delivery.
Gift wrapping is available as well.
Gift wrapping is available at no additional charge.
Gift wrapping is available at no extra charge.
Gift wrapping is available for a small additional fee.
Gift wrapping is available for an extra fee.
Gift wrapping is available for most items.
Gift wrapping is available for most of our products.
Gift wrapping is available in beautiful hand print-blocked paper from India.
Gift wrapping is available too.
Gift wrapping is available upon request for an additional fee.
Gift wrapping is available year-round to any address.
Gift wrapping is available.
Gift wrapping is complementary.
Gift wrapping is complimentary and most major credit cards are accepted.
Gift wrapping is complimentary.
Gift wrapping is delayed on next day orders.
Gift wrapping is extra.
Gift wrapping is free and so is any type of personalized note.
Gift wrapping is free and the site gives advice to men trying to find the right style for a gift.
Gift wrapping is free, and packages can be shipped anywhere.
Gift wrapping is free.
Gift wrapping is included.
Gift wrapping is provided for free.
Gift wrapping makes the perfect final touch to the perfect gift.
Gift wrappings Wrapping paper is a big environmental culprit.
A gift is an acquisition
Gift adds to wardrobe, is symbol of love.
Gift appear along lots lasvegas casinos.
Gift are adorable bone shaped tins with cute dog scenes.
Gift are well organized into just a few categories.
Gift baskets to please everyone.
Gift baskets with a special hand stitched item.
Gift cedrtificates for all ages.
Gift certficates available.
Gift certificates the perfect present for any occassion.
Gift collectibles for spectacular lighting and elegant colorful home decorating.
Gift controls extremely well.
Gift crates and individual bars available.
Gift crates, mugs, and baskets come sealed in clear plastic wrap.
Gift endowments Gifts of any type that create permanent income-producing funds.
Gift exchanging is a big thing in Japan.
Gift exist Salt like none beginner of the crew.
Gift giving etiquette suggests that price tags and receipts be removed prior to giving the gift.
Gift giving in the workplace is truly an art.
Gift giving involves culture, and the Internet can make it easier.
Gift includes potted flower with personalized message painted on the pot.
Gift is a thoughtful mix of metaphor and plaintiveness.
Gift is an exemplary service.
Gift is at best passable and at worst irritating.
Gift is given and gratefully received.
Gift is limited to one per customer.
Gift is made directly to the ultimate recipient, with no intermediary.
Gift is meant to be a satire of other computer games.
Gift is presented beautifully.
Gift is the German word for poison.
Gift is transformed into gift.
Gift isa possession.
Gift likes to burn things.
Gift lists to negotiate.
Gift means a gratuitous transfer of property to a recipient for less than full market value.
Gift needs to be recognized.
Gift offer subject to restrictions.
Gift packs Ecrinal nail care is a French top seller.
Gift possesses other navigational skills, however, including climbing, swimming, and even flying.
Gift prizes to every entrant.
Gift s for every occasion, found, purchased and shipped with one click of a mouse.
Gift specializes in wildlife, landscape, and environmental and special assignment photography.
Gift stand sales and vending machine receipts.
Gift stands for great ideas for teachers.
Gifts allow material to be added to the collection for little or no initial cost.
Gifts also are available for purchase.
Gifts also are important in the Middle East, although the emphasis is different.
Gifts also bring people together, and celebration is in the air.
Gifts also endow programs focused on community wellness and illness prevention.
Gifts also help the library restore and purchase much-needed books and journals.
Gifts also provide a way to extend the idea of a free market to primitive cultures.
Gifts also provide for educational resources in the new law building, now under construction.
Gifts are a big deal to women.
Gifts are a major support of Chapter activities and unallocated gifts help address Chapter needs.
Gifts are a non-reimbursable expense.
Gifts are a tangible way of expressing love and friendship.
Gifts are a very inadequate expression of love.
Gifts are a very popular source of down payments.
Gifts are acceptable as a token of thanks, especially if invited for a meal.
Gifts are acceptable for hosts as a token of thanks, particularly when invited for a meal.
Gifts are according to one's choice.
Gifts are acquisitions.
Gifts are also available.
Gifts are also important when returning from a trip for family, friends, and co-workers.
Gifts are also tax deductible.
Gifts are always welcome.
Gifts are another shared custom.
Gifts are another way they stay in touch.
Gifts are available for purchase in the second floor reception area.
Gifts are available for purchase.
Gifts are available.
Gifts are awarded on a first come, first serve basis.
Gifts are but as dead graces, but graces are living gifts.
Gifts are carefully wrapped, food is displayed artfully, and so forth.
Gifts are common - though often more practical in nature.
Gifts are compensatory.
Gifts are deductible for federal and state income tax purposes.
Gifts are deductible for U.S. taxpayers.
Gifts are deductible only in exceptional cases under two specific conditions.
Gifts are deductible to the extent provided by federal and state tax laws.
Gifts are deductible to the full extent of the law.
Gifts are deductible to the maximum extent allowable.
Gifts are deductible to the maximum extent permissible under current law.
Gifts are easy.
Gifts are eligible for tax credit in Canada and the United States.
Gifts are eligible to be matched by corporations with matching gift programs.
Gifts are essential in helping our university achieve our basic mission and purpose.
Gifts are essential to an institution dedicated to higher education.
Gifts are essential.
Gifts are essentially investments in ideas.
Gifts are examples of sustainable projects to improve the quality of life in the new millennium.
Gifts are fine, even gifts that appear to others to be sacrifices.
Gifts are for every believer .
Gifts are for inpatients only.
Gifts are for ministry .
Gifts are for resenting.
Gifts are for serving.
Gifts are for the children or senior.
Gifts are for the common good.
Gifts are from individuals as well as from library gift lists.
Gifts are fully tax deductible at their full market value.
Gifts are fully tax deductible.
Gifts are fully tax-deductible to the extent provided by law.
Gifts are fully tax-deductible.
Gifts are fun to give, and historical as well.
Gifts are given before guests leave the feast.
Gifts are in stock and ready to ship.
Gifts are individually fit .
Gifts are irrevocable.
Gifts are located in birthdays.
Gifts are located in boxs.
Gifts are located in department stores.
Gifts are located in gift shops.
Gifts are located in parties.
Gifts are located in shops.
Gifts are located in specialty stores.
Gifts are located in winter.
Gifts are more than the sum of our talents and abilities.
Gifts are much more powerful when they are combined than when they are received separately.
Gifts are much more than things.
Gifts are nice, but it truly is the thought that counts.
Gifts are nice, of course.
Gifts are no longer an obligation.
Gifts are objects.
Gifts are of corn or meal.
Gifts are of no value unless they are properly used, for the benefit of the church.
Gifts are okay.
Gifts are one of the best parts of a wedding.
Gifts are ordinarily unexpected and undeserved.
Gifts are payable in one or two years.
Gifts are payable in one to three years.
Gifts are payable over a one-year period or over a number of years.
Gifts are potentially tax deductible.
Gifts are prepared for the children and new clothes purchased or old clothes mended and laundered.
Gifts are presents.
Gifts are presents.
Gifts are receivable at all times during the year.
Gifts are software.
Gifts are specifically for the children of the family.
Gifts are still welcome.
Gifts are subject to the same policies and procedures as purchased items.
Gifts are symbols.
Gifts are tax deductible and appreciated greatly.
Gifts are tax deductible as allowable by law.
Gifts are tax deductible as permitted by law.
Gifts are tax deductible as provided by law. .
Gifts are tax deductible as provided by law.
Gifts are tax deductible by law.
Gifts are tax deductible in accord with tax law.
Gifts are tax deductible in accordance with federal and state laws.
Gifts are tax deductible in the United States and in France.
Gifts are tax deductible in the year the donation is made.
Gifts are tax deductible on an itemized tax return.
Gifts are tax deductible to the extent allowable by law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the extent allowable by the law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the extent as provided by law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the extent of the law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the extent permissible by law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the extent provided by the law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the full extent of the law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the full extent provided by law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the fullest extent as provided by law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
Gifts are tax deductible to the maximum extent allowable.
Gifts are tax deductible to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Gifts are tax deductible within the limits of the law.
Gifts are tax deductible.
Gifts are tax-deductible and the donor of the gift receives an acknowledgement.
Gifts are tax-deductible as provided by the law.
Gifts are tax-deductible as specified in the tax code.
Gifts are tax-deductible to the extent provided by law.
Gifts are tax-deductible to the extent the law allows.
Gifts are tax-deductible to the full extent of the Internal Revenue Code.
Gifts are tax-deductible to the full extent of the law.
Gifts are tax-deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
Gifts are tax-deductible, and many firms and employers offer a matching gift program.
Gifts are tax-deductible, so consider a year end donation.
Gifts are tax-deductible.
Gifts are the creative resources or coping skills developed by the encapsulated consciousnesses.
Gifts are to be affirmed.
Gifts are to be opened in private.
Gifts are to be used for the building up the church.
Gifts are to be used for the common good.
Gifts are to be used in love.
Gifts are to be used to served one another.
Gifts are to be valued and credited on the date the donor relinquishes control of the assets.
Gifts are to serve others.
Gifts are tongues of flame.
Gifts are U.S. tax-deductible.
Gifts are usually money.
Gifts are usually red.
Gifts are varied, as are the groups.
Gifts are very hard to get, much much harder than grants.
Gifts are very special and meaningful things, but unexpected and thoughtful gifts are the best.
Gifts are vital to filling the gap.
Gifts are welcome in cash, securities, art, real estate and other personal property.
Gifts arrive in distinctive and elegant gift packaging.
Gifts avoid capital gains and estate taxes.
Gifts become more difficult to track, however, if they are split between too many areas.
Gifts Bring flowers, fine wine or chocolates for the hostess when invited to a Canadian home.
Gifts bring surprise and excitement into our lives , as well as mystery, joy and pleasure.
Gifts burst rocks.
Gifts can also be a significant element of one's estate-planning strategy.
Gifts can also honor special people, events or occasions.
Gifts can be a challenge too.
Gifts can be cash and other assets, as well as planned gifts.
Gifts can be dangerous.
Gifts can be donations of cash, securities, personal property or real estate.
Gifts can be from persons, families, quartets, chapters, districts or other organizations.
Gifts can be in cash or kind, such as books, library materials, equipment, or personal services.
Gifts can be in cash, stocks, or other securities and are tax deductible as provided by law.
Gifts can be in honor of someone's birthday, an anniversary, new job or retirement.
Gifts can be in many different forms.
Gifts can be in the form of cash, appreciated securities, checks or credit cards.
Gifts can be in the form of cash, negotiable securities, or real and other personal property.
Gifts can be in the form of check, credit card, or securities.
Gifts can be in the form of wills, charitable trusts or life insurance.
Gifts can be inexpensive, too.
Gifts can be made to any project or program a donor wishes.
Gifts can be of money stock, or real estate.
Gifts can be one-time or distributed payroll deductions.
Gifts can be words of kindness or little acts of helping.
Gifts can bring tremendous satisfaction.
Gifts can come from a bequest of an estate.
Gifts can consist of cash, stocks, in kind services, planned estate giving, and annuities.
Gifts can continue to provide community support over a period of years.
Gifts can help achieve peace of mind.
Gifts can include gardening clogs, garden tools, rose bushes or sundials.
Gifts can provide significant income tax benefits to the donor.
Gifts can range from simple cash donations to the giving of one's estate.
Gifts can remain anonymous or be fully named and acknowledged.
Gifts can save both income and estate taxes.
Gifts can send a very strong message, and one that is easily misinterpreted.
Gifts can take a variety of forms - cash, estate planning, family endowments.
Gifts can take various forms.
Gifts Celebrate the tradition, beauty and heart of Africa.
Gifts Check out the categories below.
Gifts Click the buttons below for a selection of gift items that are available by phone.
Gifts come at all times of the year, and in all shapes and sizes.
Gifts come from alumni, friends, faculty and staff, foundations, and corporations.
Gifts come from individual, corporate, and foundation donors.
Gifts come from the heart.
Gifts come in a wide range of amounts from corporations and individual citizens.
Gifts come in all forms.
Gifts come in many different shapes and sizes.
Gifts come in many forms, some very obvious, and some as intangible as a smile or a kind word.
Gifts come in many forms.
Gifts come in many packages.
Gifts come in many ways.
Gifts Come visit RandMcNally for a complete range of gifts and gift ideas at discount prices.
Gifts come with info about the environmental benefits of hemp.
Gifts come, even in the midst of great anguish.
Gifts contribute to the collection on a sporadic basis.
Gifts cover a portion of each operating budget in addition to every capital project and new program.
Gifts don t have to cost a lot of money.
Gifts emerge in community, in the moment.
Gifts enable ongoing prayer and remembrance.
Gifts fall into five major categories.
Gifts Find just the right gift for a dear friend or family member.
Gifts Find suggestions for all the family.
Gifts Find the perfect gift for that special someone .
Gifts generate tax credits.
Gifts Give cookies, pies, cakes, breads, etc.
Gifts Give gifts with both hands.
Gifts Give one big and one small gift per child.
Gifts given from the heart are invaluable.
Gifts given give gifts.
Gifts given in any other spirit always cost more than they are worth.
Gifts given to commemorate birthdays, anniversaries, graduations, etc. serve as touching tributes.
Gifts Giving an engraved gift lets the person know they are truly special.
Gifts go by the wayside.
Gifts go directly to the new ministry without administrative costs.
Gifts go into an existing fund or create a new fund.
Gifts grant power to the giver.
Gifts have a shadow side too.
Gifts have coercive power.
Gifts have only limited value unless they are used.
Gifts have the potential to grow The pleasure of a private foundation without the hassle.
Gifts honor friends or colleagues, recognize leadership, ministries or other faithful service.
Gifts immediately benefit students, faculty and programs.
Gifts involve personal responsibility .
Gifts involving wills, trusts and annuities are popular ways to make a gift commitment.
Gifts link the givers with others, whether it be another person, clan, or tribe.
Gifts listed on the wall represent the total history of giving by the donor.
Gifts made by the deceased less than five years before death are also dutiable.
Gifts normally take the form of cash, checks, securities, real property or personal property.
Gifts now make up about one-fifth of the income needed.
Gifts offers a fine selection of top quality Jewelry for that special occasion.
Gifts Offers odd clocks, radios, keychains, shrunken heads, aliens and pirates.
Gifts online are also tax deductible in Canada for Canadian tax-payers.
Gifts provide a valuable supplement to the library's limited information resources budget.
Gifts provide many valuable additions to the collection.
Gifts provide ongoing support for the library and are recognized by a specially designed bookplate.
Gifts Put someone in charge of the gifts, making sure they are secure and transported safely.
Gifts qualify for deductions and credits in the calendar year they are given.
Gifts range from baskets of goodies to company giveaways to plain calendars.
Gifts range from coffee mugs to free use of a car.
Gifts range from food for people in war-torn countries to medical aid.
Gifts range from fresh Hawaiian flowers, to wine to grocery packages and more.
Gifts range from large sums of money to whatever a person can afford.
Gifts range from the practical to fanciful.
Gifts receive appropriate recognition by the foundation and in the community.
Gifts related to the maritime theme of the museum are available for all ages.
Gifts Save money and time shopping for gifts online from the comfort and convenience of home.
Gifts Send Gifts Please fill in information in the following form to gift flowers, sweets, cakes.
Gifts store a chance to buy the most interesting and unique gift.
Gifts strengthen the bonds between hearts and also strengthen ties.
Gifts support annual scholarship programs and the college's operations.
Gifts support annual unrestricted needs, special projects and endowments.
Gifts support class visits from low-income schools.
Gifts support the development of new seminars.
Gifts take the form of cash, checks, securities, real property or personal property.
Gifts tend to go to members of the party in power and especially to lawmakers with clout.
Gifts use common household items.
Gifts used by an individual have an impact on the individual.
Gifts vary by level.
Gifts wear out or get lost in time.
Gifts always carry something of the giver.
Gifts often have a mystic habit of turning on the receiver.
Gifts usually reflect the bigger picture.
Gifts usually take the form of cash, checks, securities, real property or personal property.
All gifts are are tax deductible as allowable by law.
All gifts are at a savings for our customers.
All gifts are completely tax deductible.
All gifts are critical.
All gifts are cumulative to allow donors to advance their level of contribution.
All gifts are cumulative.
All gifts are custom or handmade.
All gifts are deductable on federal income taxes.
All gifts are deductible for federal income tax purposes.
All gifts are deductible for income tax purposes as permitted by law.
All gifts are deductible for income tax purposes to the extent of the law.
All gifts are deductible for income tax purposes.
All gifts are deductible from income subject to tax, to the extent provided by law.
All gifts are deductible in accordance with the income tax situation of the donor.
All gifts are deductible to the fullest extent permitted by law.
All gifts are deductible to the maximum amount of the law.
All gifts are deductible.
All gifts are dutiable.
All gifts are eligible for tax deduction.
All gifts are equal.
All gifts are equally important and are essential for the unity of the church.
All gifts are final.
All gifts are full tax deductable.
All gifts are fully deductible for federal income tax purposes.
All gifts are fully deductible to the extent provided by law.
All gifts are fully deductible to the limits permitted by law.
All gifts are fully tax deductible as allowable by law.
All gifts are fully tax deductible.
All gifts are fully tax-deductible.
All gifts are generally available year-round.
All gifts are hand crafted cottage industry type.
All gifts are handcrafted and hand painted.
All gifts are important and appreciated.
All gifts are important and are deeply appreciated.
All gifts are important to the organization and every gift has varied benefits to the donor.
All gifts are important, regardless of size.
All gifts are individual, with no two alike.
All gifts are integers.
All gifts are meaningful and needed.
All gifts are much appreciated.
All gifts are much needed and very much appreciated.
All gifts are non-returnable because of the nature of the products sold.
All gifts are of course deductible.
All gifts are payable over five years.
All gifts are payable over three years.
All gifts are precious.
All gifts are shippable.
All gifts are solid silver and are London hallmarked.
All gifts are subject to the library's selection process before they are included in the collection.
All gifts are tax deductable as provided by law.
All gifts are tax deductable to the extent allowable by law.
All gifts are tax deductable.
All gifts are tax deductiable.
All gifts are tax deductible and can be given over five years.
All gifts are tax deductible and subject to current tax accounting limitations.
All gifts are tax deductible and truly make a difference.
All gifts are tax deductible as charitable contributions.
All gifts are tax deductible as permitted by law.
All gifts are tax- deductible as prescribed by law.
All gifts are tax deductible as prescribed by law.
All gifts are tax deductible as provided by law.
All gifts are tax deductible as the law allows.
All gifts are tax deductible charitable contributions.
All gifts are tax deductible in the USA and in Taiwan.
All gifts are tax deductible to the extent allowable by law.
All gifts are tax deductible to the extent permitted by federal law.
All gifts are tax deductible to the extent permitted by law.
All gifts are tax deductible to the extent provided by law.
All gifts are tax deductible to the extent the law allows. .
All gifts are tax deductible to the full extent allowable by law.
All gifts are tax deductible to the full extent allowable under law.
All gifts are tax deductible to the full extent of the law.
All gifts are tax deductible to the full extent provided by law.
All gifts are tax deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
All gifts are tax deductible to the legal limits of the law.
All gifts are tax deductible within the guidelines established by law.
All gifts are tax deductible within the limits of the law.
All gifts are tax deductible, and adoptions are valid for one full year.
All gifts are tax deductible.
ALL gifts are tax deductible.
All gifts are tax exempt.
All gifts are tax-deductable to the extent provided by law.
All gifts are tax-deductable.
All gifts are tax-deductible .
All gifts are tax-deductible according to federal, state and local laws.
All gifts are tax-deductible as allowable by law.
All gifts are tax-deductible as per benefit chart above.
All gifts are tax-deductible as prescribed by law.
All gifts are tax-deductible for charitable purposes.
All gifts are tax-deductible in accordance with the Internal Revenue Code.
All gifts are tax-deductible to the extent allowable by law.
All gifts are tax-deductible to the extent allowable by the law.
All gifts are tax-deductible to the full extent of the law.
All gifts are tax-deductible to the full extent permissible by law.
All gifts are tax-deductible to the full extent provided by law.
All gifts are tax-deductible to the fullest extent allowable by law.
All gifts are tax-deductible to the fullest extent of the law.
All gifts are tax-deductible to the maximum extent allowable under current regulations.
All gifts are tax-deductible within the guidelines of the Internal Revenue Code.
All gifts are tax-deductible, and the individual or family is informed of about the gift.
All gifts are tax-deductible, else the value of benefits received.
All gifts are tax-deductible, needed, and appreciated.
All gifts are tax-deductible, to the extent permitted by law.
All gifts are tax-deductible.
All Gifts are tax-deductible.
All gifts are taxdeductible.
All gifts are tax-free.
All gifts are totally tax-deductible.
All gifts are vitally important, large or small.
All gifts are welcome .
All gifts are welcome and appreciated.
All gifts are welcome and greatly appreciated.
All gifts are welcome regardless of size.
All gifts are welcome, and every gift makes a difference.
All gifts are welcome.
All gifts become property of the library and conform to the same criteria as purchased materials.
All gifts become the property of the City of Fort Worth Library.
All gifts become the property of the library.
All gifts come in boxes.
All gifts come with a custom gift card greeting.
All gifts count toward the campaign goal.
All gifts do bear the privilege of receiving a tax deductible gift receipt.
All gifts go directly toward Middle programs.
All gifts go toward the purchase of books and bookcases for children.
All gifts immediately qualify for a tax deduction.
All gifts listed are subject to availability.
All gifts make a difference in the lives of current students.
All gifts make a difference, and all gifts are appreciated.
All gifts make a difference.
All gifts qualify as charitable contributions.
All gifts qualify for tax credit or deduction to the extent provided by state and federal laws.
All gifts receive a receipt for tax purposes by return mail.
All gifts received by credit card are tax deductible and is acknowledged by an official receipt.
All gifts require the step of faith to begin that walk.
All gifts ship to the home to make administration easy.
All gifts support current and future programs and activities.
ANY gift can help.
Any gift coming from the heart is a good one.
Any gift given by an individual or local church plays a part in spreading the gospel.
Any gift is beautiful because it is given.
Any gift is welcome and none is required.
Every gift adds to the total pool of funds available to the college.
Every gift adds to the total pool of funds available.
Every gift contains a danger.
Every gift counts - and every gift benefits our law students.
Every gift counts .
Every gift counts and helps students.
Every gift counts and is completely tax deductible.
Every gift counts and is deeply appreciated.
Every gift counts and makes a difference .
Every gift counts Every gift makes a difference.
Every gift counts irregardless of the size.
Every gift counts regardless of the size.
Every gift counts to someone on campus.
Every gift counts toward increasing our overall participation rate.
Every gift counts toward increasing our participation rate.
Every gift counts toward the goal of growing our base of loyal supporters.
Every gift counts, and helps to increase the rate of alumni participation.
Every gift counts, large and small.
Every gift counts, no matter how small or large.
Every gift counts.
Every gift given is new and is collected and distributed by volunteers of all ages.
Every gift has a price tag as they say.
Every gift has a price.
Every gift has immediate impact.
Every gift helps - no matter the amount.
Every gift helps fill the tank.
Every gift is a blessing.
Every gift is a sign that more people seem to be willing to look deeper for the right answers.
Every gift is a vote towards finding a cure.
Every gift is acknowledged to the family and every donor is thanked.
Every gift is an investment in the future of students, research and the agricultural community.
Every gift is appreciated and important.
Every gift is appreciated, regardless of the size.
Every gift is appreciated.
Every gift is carefully packaged and every bow is tied by hand.
Every gift is dependent upon love.
Every gift is fully tax deductible.
Every gift is greatly appreciated and participation, on ANY level is very important.
